Scores_k_FINANCIAL AND INSURANCE ACTIVITIESScore 0.605
note shares in investment funds the following shares in investment funds according to investment objects were held sep in million of carrying amount market value deviation from carrying amount mixed funds bondbased funds sharebased funds money market funds shares in investment assets according to investment objects generally shares in investment funds are accounted for securities held as noncurrent financial assets.  exceptions were those shares which represented plan assets and therefore were not accessible by all other creditors.  these shares are held exclusively for the purpose of settling liabilities arising from postemployment obligations or comparable obligations with a longterm maturity and are to be offset against such liabilities. note guarantees and other commitments sep in millions of obligations from guarantees warranty obligations thereof relating to financing of affiliated companies thereof relating to performance guarantees on behalf of affiliated companies thereof others guarantees and other commitments annual financial statements warranty obligations relating to financing of affiliated companies included guarantees towards banks for credit lines granted to affiliated companies.  the items obligations from guarantees and warranty obligations others included guarantees and other commitments for the benefit of companies of the siemens energy group totaling

Score 0.58
costs for support functions are primarily allocated to the segments.  consolidated financial statements profit of the segment sfs in contrast to performance measurement principles applied to other segments interest income and expenses are included since interest is an important source of revenue and expense of sfs.  asset measurement principles management determined assets net capital employed as a measure to assess capital intensity of the segments except for sfs.  its definition corresponds to the profit measure except for amortization expenses of intangible assets acquired in business combinations which are not part of profit however the related intangible assets are included in the segments assets.  segment assets is based on total assets of the consolidated statements of financial position primarily excluding intragroup financing receivables tax related assets and assets of discontinued operations since the corresponding positions are excluded from profit

Score 0.564
this may also be the case for items that refer to more than one reportable segment sre and or poc or have a corporate or central character.  costs for support functions are primarily allocated to the segments.  consolidated financial statements profit of the segment sfs in contrast to performance measurement principles applied to other segments interest income and expenses are included since interest is an important source of revenue and expense of sfs.  asset measurement principles management determined assets net capital employed as a measure to assess capital intensity of the segments except for sfs.  its definition corresponds to the profit measure except for amortization expenses of intangible assets acquired in business combinations which are not part of profit however the related intangible assets are included in the segments assets

Score 0.551
the remaining assets are reduced by noninterestbearing liabilities other than tax related liabilities e. g.  trade payables to derive assets.  in contrast assets of sfs is total assets.  in individual cases assets of mobility include projectspecific intercompany financing of longterm projects

Score 0.551
the effect of certain litigation and compliance issues is excluded from profit if such items are not indicative of performance.  this may also be the case for items that refer to more than one reportable segment sre and or poc or have a corporate or central character.  costs for support functions are primarily allocated to the segments.  consolidated financial statements profit of the segment sfs in contrast to performance measurement principles applied to other segments interest income and expenses are included since interest is an important source of revenue and expense of sfs.  asset measurement principles management determined assets net capital employed as a measure to assess capital intensity of the segments except for sfs

Score 0.55
consolidated financial statements disaggregation of plan assets sep in millions of equity securities fixed income securities government bonds corporate bonds alternative investments multi strategy funds derivatives cash and cash equivalents insurance contracts other assets total virtually all equity securities have quoted prices in active markets.  the fair value of fixed income securities is based on prices provided by price service agencies.  the fixed income securities are traded in active markets and almost all fixed income securities are investment grade.  alternative investments include hedge funds private equity and real estate investments thereof real estate used by the company with a fair value of million and million respectively as of september and .  multi strategy funds mainly comprise absolute return funds and diversified growth funds that invest in various asset classes within a single fund and aim to stabilize return and reduce volatility

Score 0.543
the fixed income securities are traded in active markets and almost all fixed income securities are investment grade.  alternative investments include hedge funds private equity and real estate investments thereof real estate used by the company with a fair value of million and million respectively as of september and .  multi strategy funds mainly comprise absolute return funds and diversified growth funds that invest in various asset classes within a single fund and aim to stabilize return and reduce volatility.  derivatives predominantly consist of financial instruments for hedging interest rate risk and inflation risk.  future cash flows employer contributions expected to be paid to defined benefit plans in fiscal are million

Score 0.543
service cost past service cost and settlement gains losses for pensions and similar obligations as well as administration costs unrelated to the management of plan assets are allocated among functional costs.  past service cost and settlement gains losses are recognized immediately in profit or loss.  for unfunded plans the amount in line item provisions for pensions and similar obligations equals the dbo.  for funded plans siemens offsets the fair value of the plan assets from the dbo.  siemens recognizes the net amount after adjustments for effects relating to any asset ceiling

Score 0.542
g.  trade payables to derive assets.  in contrast assets of sfs is total assets.  in individual cases assets of mobility include projectspecific intercompany financing of longterm projects.  assets of siemens healthineers include real estate while real estate of all other segments is carried at sre

Score 0.535
centrally carried pension expense includes the companys pension related income expense not allocated to the segments poc or siemens real estate.  financing eliminations and other items comprise activities of advanta and global business services results from corporate projects equity interests and activities generally intended for closure as well as activities remaining from divestments consolidation of transactions within the segments certain reconciliation and reclassification items as well as central financing activities.  it also includes interest income and expense such as for example interest not allocated to segments or poc referred to as financing interest interest related to central financing activities or resulting consolidation and reconciliation effects on interest.  measurement segments accounting policies for segment information are generally the same as those used for the consolidated financial statements.  segment information is disclosed for continuing operations

Score 0.535
termination benefits in accordance with ias employee benefits are recognized as a liability and an expense when the entity can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits.  financial instruments a financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument of another entity.  based on their contractual cash flow characteristics and the business model they are held in financial instruments are classified as financial assets and financial liabilities measured at cost or amortized cost measured at fair value loan commitments contract assets and receivables from finance leases.  regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are accounted for at the trade date.  initially financial instruments are recognized at fair value and net of transaction costs if not categorized at fvtpl

Score 0.533
as of september and collateral of million and million respectively relate to financial assets measured at fair value.  those collaterals are provided in connection with netting agreements for derivatives providing protection from the risk of a counterpartys insolvency.  as of september and collateral held for creditimpaired receivables from finance leases amounted to million and million respectively.  as of september and collateral held for financial assets measured at amortized cost amounted to million and million respectively including million and million respectively for consolidated financial statements creditimpaired loans in sfs asset finance business.  those collaterals mainly comprised property plant and equipment

Score 0.528
consolidated financial statements profit of the segment sfs in contrast to performance measurement principles applied to other segments interest income and expenses are included since interest is an important source of revenue and expense of sfs.  asset measurement principles management determined assets net capital employed as a measure to assess capital intensity of the segments except for sfs.  its definition corresponds to the profit measure except for amortization expenses of intangible assets acquired in business combinations which are not part of profit however the related intangible assets are included in the segments assets.  segment assets is based on total assets of the consolidated statements of financial position primarily excluding intragroup financing receivables tax related assets and assets of discontinued operations since the corresponding positions are excluded from profit.  the remaining assets are reduced by noninterestbearing liabilities other than tax related liabilities e

Score 0.528
governance primarily includes siemens brand fees and governance costs group managing costs it and corporate services.  centrally carried pension expense includes the companys pension related income expense not allocated to the segments poc or siemens real estate.  financing eliminations and other items comprise activities of advanta and global business services results from corporate projects equity interests and activities generally intended for closure as well as activities remaining from divestments consolidation of transactions within the segments certain reconciliation and reclassification items as well as central financing activities.  it also includes interest income and expense such as for example interest not allocated to segments or poc referred to as financing interest interest related to central financing activities or resulting consolidation and reconciliation effects on interest.  measurement segments accounting policies for segment information are generally the same as those used for the consolidated financial statements

Score 0.527
those collaterals are mostly held in the portfolio of sfs.  as of september and collateral of million and million respectively relate to financial assets measured at fair value.  those collaterals are provided in connection with netting agreements for derivatives providing protection from the risk of a counterpartys insolvency.  as of september and collateral held for creditimpaired receivables from finance leases amounted to million and million respectively.  as of september and collateral held for financial assets measured at amortized cost amounted to million and million respectively including million and million respectively for consolidated financial statements creditimpaired loans in sfs asset finance business

Score 0.526
termination benefits termination benefits are provided as a result of an entitys offer made in order to encourage voluntary redundancy before the regular retirement date or from an entitys decision to terminate the employment.  termination benefits in accordance with ias employee benefits are recognized as a liability and an expense when the entity can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits.  financial instruments a financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument of another entity.  based on their contractual cash flow characteristics and the business model they are held in financial instruments are classified as financial assets and financial liabilities measured at cost or amortized cost measured at fair value loan commitments contract assets and receivables from finance leases.  regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are accounted for at the trade date

Score 0.524
innovation mainly includes results from our units technology and next.  governance primarily includes siemens brand fees and governance costs group managing costs it and corporate services.  centrally carried pension expense includes the companys pension related income expense not allocated to the segments poc or siemens real estate.  financing eliminations and other items comprise activities of advanta and global business services results from corporate projects equity interests and activities generally intended for closure as well as activities remaining from divestments consolidation of transactions within the segments certain reconciliation and reclassification items as well as central financing activities.  it also includes interest income and expense such as for example interest not allocated to segments or poc referred to as financing interest interest related to central financing activities or resulting consolidation and reconciliation effects on interest

Score 0.521
the interest rate risk is mitigated by managing interest rate risk within an integrated asset liability management approach and results primarily from funding in the u. s.  dollar british pound and euro.  this includes sfs business for which the interest rate risk was formerly managed separately.  if there are no conflicting countryspecific regulations all siemens operating units generally obtain any required financing through corporate treasury in the form of loans or intercompany clearing accounts

Score 0.52
cash outflows for purchase of investments and financial assets for investment purposes included additions of assets eligible as central bank collateral and payments for debt or equity investments.  cash outflows from change in receivables from financing activities of sfs related primarily to sfss debt business.  cash inflows from other disposals of assets included mainly proceeds from disposals of assets eligible as central bank collateral from the sale of the commercial vehicles business by portfolio companies and from the sale or disposal of debt or equity investments.  cash outflows from the reissuance of treasury shares and other transactions with owners were driven by the purchase of siemens healthineers ag treasury shares.  combined management report cash outflows for dividends attributable to noncontrolling interests mainly included dividends paid to the shareholders of siemens healthineers ag

Score 0.52
respectively in fiscal and .  interest rate risk management derivative financial instruments not designated in a hedging relationship interest rate risk management uses derivative financial instruments under a portfoliobased approach to manage interest risk actively.  the approach does not qualify for hedge accounting.  gains and losses in connection with interest rate swap agreements are recorded in other financial income expenses net.  the interest rate risk management includes sfs business for which the interest rate risk was formerly managed separately

Score 0.519
the board of the foundation is responsible for investment policy and asset management as well as for any changes in the plan rules and the determination of contributions to finance the benefits.  the company is required to make total contributions at least as high as the sum of the employee contributions set out in the plan rules.  in case of an underfunded plan the company together with the employees may be asked to pay supplementary contributions according to a welldefined framework of recovery measures.  development of the defined benefit plans defined benefit obligation dbo fair value of plan assets effects of asset ceiling net defined benefit balance i ii iii i ii iii fiscal year fiscal year fiscal year fiscal year in millions of balance at begin of fiscal year current service cost interest expenses interest income other components of defined benefit costs recognized in the consolidated statements of income return on plan assets excluding amounts included in net interest income and net interest expenses actuarial gains losses effects of asset ceiling remeasurements recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income employer contributions plan participants contributions benefits paid settlement payments business combinations disposals and other foreign currency translation effects other reconciling items balance at fiscal yearend germany u. s

Score 0.518
receivables are written off when bankruptcy proceedings close.  a financial asset is derecognized when the rights to cash flows expire or the financial asset is transferred to another party.  significant modifications of contractual terms of a financial asset measured at amortized cost result in derecognition and recognition of a new financial asset for insignificant modifications the carrying amount of the financial asset is adjusted without derecognition.  cash and cash equivalents the company considers all highly liquid investments with less than three months maturity from the date of acquisition to be cash equivalents.  cash and cash equivalents are measured at cost

Score 0.517
the following table shows the changes in the entitlements to matching shares of beneficiaries of siemens ag fiscal year in number of shares outstanding beginning of fiscal year granted vested and fulfilled forfeited settled organizational changes outstanding end of fiscal year the pro rata intrinsic value of all matching shares issued to beneficiaries of siemens ag amounted to million. note shares in investment funds the following shares in investment funds according to investment objects were held sep in million of carrying amount market value deviation from carrying amount mixed funds bondbased funds sharebased funds money market funds shares in investment assets according to investment objects generally shares in investment funds are accounted for securities held as noncurrent financial assets.  exceptions were those shares which represented plan assets and therefore were not accessible by all other creditors.  these shares are held exclusively for the purpose of settling liabilities arising from postemployment obligations or comparable obligations with a longterm maturity and are to be offset against such liabilities. note guarantees and other commitments sep in millions of obligations from guarantees warranty obligations thereof relating to financing of affiliated companies thereof relating to performance guarantees on behalf of affiliated companies thereof others guarantees and other commitments annual financial statements warranty obligations relating to financing of affiliated companies included guarantees towards banks for credit lines granted to affiliated companies

Score 0.516
in contrast assets of sfs is total assets.  in individual cases assets of mobility include projectspecific intercompany financing of longterm projects.  assets of siemens healthineers include real estate while real estate of all other segments is carried at sre.  orders orders are determined principally as estimated revenue of accepted purchase orders for which enforceable rights and obligations exist as well as subsequent order value changes and adjustments excluding letters of intent.  to determine orders siemens considers termination rights and customers creditworthiness

Score 0.515
a portion of these trust assets also covers the pension obligations of other domestic subsidiaries.  therefore the assets do not meet the criteria for offsetting against the pension obligation and are presented as financial assets of siemens ag.  the actuarial assumptions for valuation of the settlement amount as of september were based among others on a discount rate of .  and an average weighted pension increase of .  p

Score 0.514
note additional disclosures on financial instruments the following table discloses the carrying amounts of each category of financial assets and financial liabilities sep in millions of loans receivables and other debt instruments measured at amortized cost cash and cash equivalents derivatives designated in a hedge accounting relationship financial assets mandatorily measured at fvtpl financial assets designated as measured at fvtpl equity instruments measured at fvoci financial assets financial liabilities measured at amortized cost derivatives not designated in a hedge accounting relationship derivatives designated in a hedge accounting relationship financial liabilities reported in the following line items of the statements of financial position as of september and respectively trade and other receivables other current financial assets and other financial assets except for separately disclosed million and million equity instruments in other financial assets thereof million and million at fvoci million and million financial assets designated as measured at fvtpl and million and million derivative financial instruments thereof in other financial assets million and million as well as million and million debt instruments measured at fvtpl in other financial assets.  includes million and million trade receivables from the sale of goods and services thereof million and million with a term of more than twelve months as of september and .  reported in line items other current financial assets and other financial assets.  reported in other financial assets.  includes fair value hedge adjustments

Score 0.514
based on their contractual cash flow characteristics and the business model they are held in financial instruments are classified as financial assets and financial liabilities measured at cost or amortized cost measured at fair value loan commitments contract assets and receivables from finance leases.  regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are accounted for at the trade date.  initially financial instruments are recognized at fair value and net of transaction costs if not categorized at fvtpl.  subsequently financial assets and liabilities are measured according to the category to which they are assigned to financial assets measured at fair value through profit and loss fvtpl a mandatorily measured at fvtpl debt financial assets are measured at fvtpl if the business model they are held in is not a holdtocollect or a holdandsell business model or if their contractual cash flows do not represent solely payments of principal and interest.  equity instruments are measured at fvtpl unless the fvocioption is elected

Score 0.513
reference to related disclosures with regard to the recognition and measurement policies applied for the impairment of noncurrent financial assets refer to chapter .  accounting and measurement principles in the notes to the financial statements and with respect to writedowns and writeups of noncurrent financial assets refer to chapter .  notes to the income statement note income loss from investments net as well as chapter .  notes to the balance sheet note noncurrent assets and with respect to the subsequent events relating to the investment in siemens energy ag refer to chapter .  other disclosures note subsequent events in the notes to the financial statements

Score 0.513
the outcome of legal proceedings may have a material effect on siemens financial position its results of operations andor its cash flows.  termination benefits termination benefits are provided as a result of an entitys offer made in order to encourage voluntary redundancy before the regular retirement date or from an entitys decision to terminate the employment.  termination benefits in accordance with ias employee benefits are recognized as a liability and an expense when the entity can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits.  financial instruments a financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument of another entity.  based on their contractual cash flow characteristics and the business model they are held in financial instruments are classified as financial assets and financial liabilities measured at cost or amortized cost measured at fair value loan commitments contract assets and receivables from finance leases

Score 0.512
consolidated financial statements other includes provisions for life and industrial business reinsurance contracts liability property construction in connection with the siemens energy business of million and million as of september and thereof life million and million and industrial business million and million respectively as of september and .  the provisions are for incurred and reported insurance losses as well as for incurred hence not yet reported insurance losses as of fiscal yearend.  the provision is determined using actuarial standard valuation methodologies which are parameterized based on historical loss data.  life reinsurance contracts have an average term of years whereas the cash outflows for the industrial business reinsurance contracts are expected within the next five years.  other also includes provisions for legal proceedings as far as the risks that are subject to such legal proceedings are not already covered by project accounting

Score 0.51
derivatives are used to reduce risks as part of risk management.  consolidated financial statements disaggregation of plan assets sep in millions of equity securities fixed income securities government bonds corporate bonds alternative investments multi strategy funds derivatives cash and cash equivalents insurance contracts other assets total virtually all equity securities have quoted prices in active markets.  the fair value of fixed income securities is based on prices provided by price service agencies.  the fixed income securities are traded in active markets and almost all fixed income securities are investment grade.  alternative investments include hedge funds private equity and real estate investments thereof real estate used by the company with a fair value of million and million respectively as of september and

Score 0.509
as of september and collateral held for financial assets measured at amortized cost amounted to million and million respectively including million and million respectively for consolidated financial statements creditimpaired loans in sfs asset finance business.  those collaterals mainly comprised property plant and equipment.  credit risks arising from irrevocable loan commitments are equal to the expected future payoffs resulting from these commitments.  sfs external financing portfolio disaggregates into credit risk rating grades as of september as follows pre valuation allowances loans and other debt instruments under the general approach financial guarantees and loan commitments in millions of stage stage stage stage stage stage lease receivables investment grade ratings na na na noninvestment grade ratings trade receivables of operating units are generally rated internally as of september and approximately and respectively have an investment grade rating and and respectively have a noninvestment grade rating.  contract assets generally show similar risk characteristics as trade receivables in operating units

Score 0.509
s.  the pension plans are sponsored by siemens which for the most part have been frozen to new entrants and to future benefit accruals except for interest credits on cash balance accounts.  siemens has appointed the investment committee as the named fiduciary for the management of the assets of the plans.  the plans assets are held in trusts and the trustees of the trusts are responsible for the administration of the assets of the trusts taking directions from the investment committee.  the plans are subject to the funding requirements under the employee retirement income security act of as amended erisa

Score 0.508
in the u. s.  the pension plans are sponsored by siemens which for the most part have been frozen to new entrants and to future benefit accruals except for interest credits on cash balance accounts.  siemens has appointed the investment committee as the named fiduciary for the management of the assets of the plans.  the plans assets are held in trusts and the trustees of the trusts are responsible for the administration of the assets of the trusts taking directions from the investment committee

Score 0.508
alternative investments include hedge funds private equity and real estate investments thereof real estate used by the company with a fair value of million and million respectively as of september and .  multi strategy funds mainly comprise absolute return funds and diversified growth funds that invest in various asset classes within a single fund and aim to stabilize return and reduce volatility.  derivatives predominantly consist of financial instruments for hedging interest rate risk and inflation risk.  future cash flows employer contributions expected to be paid to defined benefit plans in fiscal are million.  over the next ten fiscal years average annual benefit payments of million and million respectively are expected as of september and

Score 0.507
contributions to state plans amount to million and million respectively in fiscal and .  note provisions in millions of warranties order related losses and risks asset retirement obligations other total balance as of october thereof noncurrent additions usage reversals translation differences accretion expense and effect of changes in discount rates other changes including reclassifications to held for disposal and disposition of those entities balance as of september thereof noncurrent the majority of the companys provisions are generally expected to result in cash outflows during the next five years.  warranties mainly relate to products sold.  order related losses and risks are provided for anticipated losses and risks on uncompleted construction sales and leasing contracts.  the company is subject to asset retirement obligations related to certain items of property plant and equipment

Score 0.507
exceptions were those shares which represented plan assets and therefore were not accessible by all other creditors.  these shares are held exclusively for the purpose of settling liabilities arising from postemployment obligations or comparable obligations with a longterm maturity and are to be offset against such liabilities. note guarantees and other commitments sep in millions of obligations from guarantees warranty obligations thereof relating to financing of affiliated companies thereof relating to performance guarantees on behalf of affiliated companies thereof others guarantees and other commitments annual financial statements warranty obligations relating to financing of affiliated companies included guarantees towards banks for credit lines granted to affiliated companies.  the items obligations from guarantees and warranty obligations others included guarantees and other commitments for the benefit of companies of the siemens energy group totaling .  billion and

Score 0.506
financing eliminations and other items comprise activities of advanta and global business services results from corporate projects equity interests and activities generally intended for closure as well as activities remaining from divestments consolidation of transactions within the segments certain reconciliation and reclassification items as well as central financing activities.  it also includes interest income and expense such as for example interest not allocated to segments or poc referred to as financing interest interest related to central financing activities or resulting consolidation and reconciliation effects on interest.  measurement segments accounting policies for segment information are generally the same as those used for the consolidated financial statements.  segment information is disclosed for continuing operations.  for internal and segment reporting purposes intercompany lease transactions however are classified as operating leases by the lessor and are accounted for offbalance sheet by the lessee except for intercompany leases with siemens healthineers as lessees

Score 0.505
the concept the value at risk and the asset development including the investment strategy are monitored and adjusted on an ongoing basis under consultation of senior external experts.  independent asset managers are selected based on quantitative and qualitative analyses which include their performance and risk evaluation.  derivatives are used to reduce risks as part of risk management.  consolidated financial statements disaggregation of plan assets sep in millions of equity securities fixed income securities government bonds corporate bonds alternative investments multi strategy funds derivatives cash and cash equivalents insurance contracts other assets total virtually all equity securities have quoted prices in active markets.  the fair value of fixed income securities is based on prices provided by price service agencies

Score 0.505
investing activities additions to intangible assets and property plant and equipment from continuing operations totaled .  billion in fiscal .  within the industrial businesses ongoing investments related mainly to technological innovations maintaining extending and digitalizing our capacities for designing manufacturing and marketing new solutions improving productivity and replacements of fixed assets.  these investments amounted to .  billion in fiscal

Score 0.503
furthermore income taxes are excluded from profit since income tax is subject to legal structures which typically do not correspond to the structure of the segments.  the effect of certain litigation and compliance issues is excluded from profit if such items are not indicative of performance.  this may also be the case for items that refer to more than one reportable segment sre and or poc or have a corporate or central character.  costs for support functions are primarily allocated to the segments.  consolidated financial statements profit of the segment sfs in contrast to performance measurement principles applied to other segments interest income and expenses are included since interest is an important source of revenue and expense of sfs

Score 0.503
decisions on essential pension items are made centrally.  accordingly profit primarily includes amounts related to service cost of pension plans only while all other regularly recurring pension related costs are included in reconciliations in line item centrally carried pension expense.  amortization expenses of intangible assets acquired in business combinations are not part of profit.  furthermore income taxes are excluded from profit since income tax is subject to legal structures which typically do not correspond to the structure of the segments.  the effect of certain litigation and compliance issues is excluded from profit if such items are not indicative of performance

Score 0.502
as of september and collateral held for creditimpaired receivables from finance leases amounted to million and million respectively.  as of september and collateral held for financial assets measured at amortized cost amounted to million and million respectively including million and million respectively for consolidated financial statements creditimpaired loans in sfs asset finance business.  those collaterals mainly comprised property plant and equipment.  credit risks arising from irrevocable loan commitments are equal to the expected future payoffs resulting from these commitments.  sfs external financing portfolio disaggregates into credit risk rating grades as of september as follows pre valuation allowances loans and other debt instruments under the general approach financial guarantees and loan commitments in millions of stage stage stage stage stage stage lease receivables investment grade ratings na na na noninvestment grade ratings trade receivables of operating units are generally rated internally as of september and approximately and respectively have an investment grade rating and and respectively have a noninvestment grade rating

Score 0.502
cash outflows from changes in operating net working capital were due mainly to siemens healthineers which recorded a significant buildup of trade and other receivables as well as inventories due in part to the expected growth of business activities in coming quarters.  cash outflows for purchase of investments and financial assets for investment purposes included additions of assets eligible as central bank collateral and payments for debt or equity investments.  cash outflows from change in receivables from financing activities of sfs related primarily to sfss debt business.  cash inflows from other disposals of assets included mainly proceeds from disposals of assets eligible as central bank collateral from the sale of the commercial vehicles business by portfolio companies and from the sale or disposal of debt or equity investments.  cash outflows from the reissuance of treasury shares and other transactions with owners were driven by the purchase of siemens healthineers ag treasury shares

Score 0.501
trade payables to derive assets.  in contrast assets of sfs is total assets.  in individual cases assets of mobility include projectspecific intercompany financing of longterm projects.  assets of siemens healthineers include real estate while real estate of all other segments is carried at sre.  orders orders are determined principally as estimated revenue of accepted purchase orders for which enforceable rights and obligations exist as well as subsequent order value changes and adjustments excluding letters of intent

Score 0.5
financial instruments a financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument of another entity.  based on their contractual cash flow characteristics and the business model they are held in financial instruments are classified as financial assets and financial liabilities measured at cost or amortized cost measured at fair value loan commitments contract assets and receivables from finance leases.  regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are accounted for at the trade date.  initially financial instruments are recognized at fair value and net of transaction costs if not categorized at fvtpl.  subsequently financial assets and liabilities are measured according to the category to which they are assigned to financial assets measured at fair value through profit and loss fvtpl a mandatorily measured at fvtpl debt financial assets are measured at fvtpl if the business model they are held in is not a holdtocollect or a holdandsell business model or if their contractual cash flows do not represent solely payments of principal and interest

Score 0.499
a financial asset is derecognized when the rights to cash flows expire or the financial asset is transferred to another party.  significant modifications of contractual terms of a financial asset measured at amortized cost result in derecognition and recognition of a new financial asset for insignificant modifications the carrying amount of the financial asset is adjusted without derecognition.  cash and cash equivalents the company considers all highly liquid investments with less than three months maturity from the date of acquisition to be cash equivalents.  cash and cash equivalents are measured at cost.  loan commitments expected credit losses for irrevocable loan commitments are determined using the threestage impairment approach for financial assets measured at amortized cost and recognized as a liability

Score 0.498
independent asset managers are selected based on quantitative and qualitative analyses which include their performance and risk evaluation.  derivatives are used to reduce risks as part of risk management.  consolidated financial statements disaggregation of plan assets sep in millions of equity securities fixed income securities government bonds corporate bonds alternative investments multi strategy funds derivatives cash and cash equivalents insurance contracts other assets total virtually all equity securities have quoted prices in active markets.  the fair value of fixed income securities is based on prices provided by price service agencies.  the fixed income securities are traded in active markets and almost all fixed income securities are investment grade

Score 0.495
notes to the income statement note income loss from investments net as well as chapter .  notes to the balance sheet note noncurrent assets and with respect to the subsequent events relating to the investment in siemens energy ag refer to chapter .  other disclosures note subsequent events in the notes to the financial statements.  other provisions for legal disputes regulatory proceedings and governmental investigations reasons why the matter was determined to be a key audit matter we considered the accounting for other provisions for legal disputes regulatory proceedings and governmental investigations legal proceedings out of or in connection with alleged compliance violations to be a key audit matter.  these matters are subject to inherent uncertainties and require estimates that could have a significant impact on the recognition and measurement of the respective provision and accordingly on assets liabilities and financial performance

Score 0.495
.  other attestation services .  .  tax services .

Score 0.495
the fair value of fixed income securities is based on prices provided by price service agencies.  the fixed income securities are traded in active markets and almost all fixed income securities are investment grade.  alternative investments include hedge funds private equity and real estate investments thereof real estate used by the company with a fair value of million and million respectively as of september and .  multi strategy funds mainly comprise absolute return funds and diversified growth funds that invest in various asset classes within a single fund and aim to stabilize return and reduce volatility.  derivatives predominantly consist of financial instruments for hedging interest rate risk and inflation risk

Score 0.494
s.  dollar.  the increase in other current financial assets was driven mainly by higher loans receivable at sfs which were mainly due to new business and reclassification of loans receivable from other financial assets due to a reassessment of the expected repayment dates.  the latter was a major factor also for the decrease of other financial assets along with decreased positive fair values of derivative financial instruments.  inventories increased in all industrial businesses with the buildup most evident at mobility and siemens healthineers

Score 0.493
payment terms for all transactions are usually days from the date of invoice issued according to the contractual terms.  income from interest interest is recognized using the effective interest method.  functional costs in general operating expenses by types are assigned to the functions following the functional area of the corresponding profit and cost centers.  amortization depreciation and impairment of intangible assets and property plant and equipment are included in functional costs depending on the use of the assets.  productrelated expenses provisions for estimated costs related to product warranties are recorded in line item cost of sales at the time the related sale is recognized

Score 0.492
accounting and measurement principles and chapter .  notes to the income statement note income taxes and with respect to disclosures for deferred tax assets refer to chapter .  notes to the balance sheet note deferred tax assets in the notes to the financial statements.  other information the supervisory board is responsible for the report of the supervisory board in the annual report within the meaning of isa de revised.  management and the supervisory board are responsible for the declaration pursuant to sec

Score 0.492
includes million and million trade receivables from the sale of goods and services thereof million and million with a term of more than twelve months as of september and .  reported in line items other current financial assets and other financial assets.  reported in other financial assets.  includes fair value hedge adjustments.  reported in the following line items of the statements of financial position shortterm debt and current maturities of longterm debt trade payables other current financial liabilities long term debt and other financial liabilities except for separately disclosed derivative financial instruments of million and million as of september and respectively

Score 0.491
while both periods under review included gains from the sales of equity investments fiscal additionally included higher gains from fair value measurements of investments and gains from energyrelated investments in connection with rising prices in global energy markets.  net cash from operations defined as the sum of cash flows from operating and investing activities amounted to million compared to million in fiscal .  in fiscal and fiscal net cash from operations comprised free cash flow of million and million respectively while remaining cash flows from investing activities including from changes in receivables from financing activities comprised million and million respectively.  despite the increase in receivables from financing activities total assets decreased since the end of fiscal due primarily to negative currency translation effects.  sfss business scope and capital allocation is focused on areas of intense domain knowhow closely aligned with siemens customers and markets particularly for digital industries smart infrastructure and mobility

Score 0.49
decisionmaking regarding financing is typically made at the corporate level.  decisions on essential pension items are made centrally.  accordingly profit primarily includes amounts related to service cost of pension plans only while all other regularly recurring pension related costs are included in reconciliations in line item centrally carried pension expense.  amortization expenses of intangible assets acquired in business combinations are not part of profit.  furthermore income taxes are excluded from profit since income tax is subject to legal structures which typically do not correspond to the structure of the segments

Score 0.49
note other financial assets sep in millions of loans receivable receivables from finance leases derivative financial instruments equity instruments other item loans receivable primarily relate to longterm loan transactions of sfs.  note other current liabilities sep in millions of liabilities to personnel deferred income accruals for pending invoices other in fiscal and other includes miscellaneous tax liabilities of million and million respectively as well as various accruals of million and million respectively. note debt current debt noncurrent debt sep sep sep sep in millions of notes and bonds loans from banks other financial indebtedness lease liabilities total debt in fiscal and siemens recognized interest expenses on lease liabilities of million and million and expenses relating to variable lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities of million and million respectively.  in fiscal and cash flows to which siemens is potentially exposed and which are not reflected in the measurement of lease liabilities relate primarily to lease contracts entered into however which have not yet commenced as well as to extension options whose exercise is not yet reasonably certain totaling .  billion and

Score 0.489
general administration expenses expenses for social facilities voluntary social costs and company pension scheme costs are not capitalized.  writedowns are recorded to cover inventory risks for reduced usability and technological obsolescence as well as in the context of lossfree valuation of unbilled contracts in constructiontype and service businesses.  allowances on receivables are determined on the basis of the probability of default and country risks.  deferred tax assets for differences between valuations of balance sheet line items in accordance to commercial and tax law and tax loss carryforwards are recognized if a future tax benefit is expected.  deferred tax assets are netted with deferred tax liabilities

Score 0.489
net cash from operations defined as the sum of cash flows from operating and investing activities amounted to million compared to million in fiscal .  in fiscal and fiscal net cash from operations comprised free cash flow of million and million respectively while remaining cash flows from investing activities including from changes in receivables from financing activities comprised million and million respectively.  despite the increase in receivables from financing activities total assets decreased since the end of fiscal due primarily to negative currency translation effects.  sfss business scope and capital allocation is focused on areas of intense domain knowhow closely aligned with siemens customers and markets particularly for digital industries smart infrastructure and mobility.  accordingly sfs is influenced by the business development of the markets served by the industrial businesses among other factors including macroeconomic effects such as inflation or recession which could impact the credit risk of customers

Score 0.488
interest rate risk management derivative financial instruments not designated in a hedging relationship interest rate risk management uses derivative financial instruments under a portfoliobased approach to manage interest risk actively.  the approach does not qualify for hedge accounting.  gains and losses in connection with interest rate swap agreements are recorded in other financial income expenses net.  the interest rate risk management includes sfs business for which the interest rate risk was formerly managed separately.  cash flow hedges of floatingrate commercial papers in september siemens ended cash flow hedge accounting

Score 0.488
the major categories of items excluded from profit are described below.  interest income expenses are excluded from profit.  decisionmaking regarding financing is typically made at the corporate level.  decisions on essential pension items are made centrally.  accordingly profit primarily includes amounts related to service cost of pension plans only while all other regularly recurring pension related costs are included in reconciliations in line item centrally carried pension expense

Score 0.487
in order to manage the companys position with regard to interest rate risk interest income and interest expenses corporate treasury performs a comprehensive corporate interest rate risk management by using fixed or variable interest rates from bond issuances and derivative financial instruments when appropriate.  the interest rate risk is mitigated by managing interest rate risk within an integrated asset liability management approach and results primarily from funding in the u. s.  dollar british pound and euro.  this includes sfs business for which the interest rate risk was formerly managed separately

Score 0.487
defined contribution plans and state plans amounts recognized as expenses for defined contribution plans are million and million in fiscal and respectively.  contributions to state plans amount to million and million respectively in fiscal and .  note provisions in millions of warranties order related losses and risks asset retirement obligations other total balance as of october thereof noncurrent additions usage reversals translation differences accretion expense and effect of changes in discount rates other changes including reclassifications to held for disposal and disposition of those entities balance as of september thereof noncurrent the majority of the companys provisions are generally expected to result in cash outflows during the next five years.  warranties mainly relate to products sold.  order related losses and risks are provided for anticipated losses and risks on uncompleted construction sales and leasing contracts

Score 0.486
the most important of these systems include our enterprisewide processes for strategic planning and management reporting.  strategic planning is intended to support us in considering potential risks and opportunities well in advance of major business decisions while management reporting is intended to enable us to monitor such risks more closely as our business progresses.  our risk management and its contributing elements are regularly subject of audit activities by our internal audit function.  accordingly if deficits are detected it is possible to adopt appropriate measures for their elimination.  this coordination of processes and procedures is intended to help ensure that the managing board and the supervisory board are fully informed about significant risks in a timely manner

Score 0.485
is currently not excluded from participating in public tenders. note additional disclosures on financial instruments the following table discloses the carrying amounts of each category of financial assets and financial liabilities sep in millions of loans receivables and other debt instruments measured at amortized cost cash and cash equivalents derivatives designated in a hedge accounting relationship financial assets mandatorily measured at fvtpl financial assets designated as measured at fvtpl equity instruments measured at fvoci financial assets financial liabilities measured at amortized cost derivatives not designated in a hedge accounting relationship derivatives designated in a hedge accounting relationship financial liabilities reported in the following line items of the statements of financial position as of september and respectively trade and other receivables other current financial assets and other financial assets except for separately disclosed million and million equity instruments in other financial assets thereof million and million at fvoci million and million financial assets designated as measured at fvtpl and million and million derivative financial instruments thereof in other financial assets million and million as well as million and million debt instruments measured at fvtpl in other financial assets.  includes million and million trade receivables from the sale of goods and services thereof million and million with a term of more than twelve months as of september and .  reported in line items other current financial assets and other financial assets.  reported in other financial assets

Score 0.485
in fiscal and no other major transactions took place between the company and the members of the managing board and the supervisory board.  some of our board members hold or in the last year have held positions of significant responsibility with other entities.  we have relationships with almost all of these entities in the ordinary course of our business whereby we buy and sell a wide variety of products and services on arms length terms.  note principal accountant fees and services fees related to professional services rendered by the companys principal accountant ey for fiscal and are fiscal year in millions of audit services .

Score 0.485
siemens has appointed the investment committee as the named fiduciary for the management of the assets of the plans.  the plans assets are held in trusts and the trustees of the trusts are responsible for the administration of the assets of the trusts taking directions from the investment committee.  the plans are subject to the funding requirements under the employee retirement income security act of as amended erisa.  there is a regulatory requirement to maintain a minimum funding level of in the defined benefit plans in order to avoid benefit restrictions.  at their discretion sponsoring employers may contribute in excess of this regulatory requirement

Score 0.485
financial position .  capital structure .  cash flows .  overall assessment of the economic position .  report on expected developments and associated material opportunities and risks

Score 0.485
reported in line items other current financial assets and other financial assets.  reported in other financial assets.  includes fair value hedge adjustments.  reported in the following line items of the statements of financial position shortterm debt and current maturities of longterm debt trade payables other current financial liabilities long term debt and other financial liabilities except for separately disclosed derivative financial instruments of million and million as of september and respectively.  reported in line items other current financial liabilities and other financial liabilities

Score 0.485
the contract partners of the company for derivative financial instruments are banks brokers and affiliated companies.  the credit rating for banks and brokers is constantly monitored.  the following table shows the notional volume and net fair values of existing derivative financial instruments that were not included in a valuation unit as of the balance sheet date sep in millions of notional amount fair values interest rate hedging contracts combined interest and currency hedging contracts existing derivative financial instruments the notional amounts equal the contractual amounts of the individual derivative financial instrument which irrespective of the nature of the concluded position sale or purchase are presented on a gross basis gross notional amounts.  fair values of these derivative financial instruments are calculated by discounting expected future cash flows over the remaining term of the instrument using current market interest rates and yield curves.  annual financial statements the following table shows the carrying amounts if any of derivative financial instruments that are not included in valuation units and the balance sheet items in which the carrying amounts are recognized sep in millions of other assets other provisions other liabilities interest rate hedging contracts combined interest and currency hedging contracts derivative financial instruments requiring recognition provided the relevant conditions are met derivative financial instruments are aggregated with the underlying hedged item into valuation units

Score 0.484
segment assets is based on total assets of the consolidated statements of financial position primarily excluding intragroup financing receivables tax related assets and assets of discontinued operations since the corresponding positions are excluded from profit.  the remaining assets are reduced by noninterestbearing liabilities other than tax related liabilities e. g.  trade payables to derive assets.  in contrast assets of sfs is total assets

Score 0.484
siemens financial services in particular bears credit risks due to such financing activities if for example customers do not meet obligations arising from these financing arrangements meet them only partially or meet them late.  the credit environment has become more dynamic due to a more uncertain macroeconomic outlook e. g.  inflation and geopolitical tensions.  for further information on postemployment benefits derivative financial instruments hedging activities financial risk management and related measures see notes and in notes to consolidated financial statements for fiscal

Score 0.484
the provisions are for incurred and reported insurance losses as well as for incurred hence not yet reported insurance losses as of fiscal yearend.  the provision is determined using actuarial standard valuation methodologies which are parameterized based on historical loss data.  life reinsurance contracts have an average term of years whereas the cash outflows for the industrial business reinsurance contracts are expected within the next five years.  other also includes provisions for legal proceedings as far as the risks that are subject to such legal proceedings are not already covered by project accounting.  provisions for legal proceedings amounted to million and million as of september and respectively

Score 0.483
functional costs in general operating expenses by types are assigned to the functions following the functional area of the corresponding profit and cost centers.  amortization depreciation and impairment of intangible assets and property plant and equipment are included in functional costs depending on the use of the assets.  productrelated expenses provisions for estimated costs related to product warranties are recorded in line item cost of sales at the time the related sale is recognized.  research and development costs costs of research activities are expensed as incurred.  costs of development activities are capitalized when the recognition criteria in ias are met

Score 0.483
asset liability matching strategies as a significant risk the company considers a decline in the plans funded status due to adverse developments of plan assets andor defined benefit obligations resulting from changing parameters.  accordingly siemens implemented a risk management concept aligned with the defined benefit obligations asset liability matching.  risk management is based on a worldwide defined risk threshold value at risk.  the concept the value at risk and the asset development including the investment strategy are monitored and adjusted on an ongoing basis under consultation of senior external experts.  independent asset managers are selected based on quantitative and qualitative analyses which include their performance and risk evaluation

Score 0.483
we have relationships with almost all of these entities in the ordinary course of our business whereby we buy and sell a wide variety of products and services on arms length terms.  note principal accountant fees and services fees related to professional services rendered by the companys principal accountant ey for fiscal and are fiscal year in millions of audit services .  .  other attestation services .

Score 0.482
softwareasaservice contracts including related cloud services represent one performance obligation for which revenues are recognized over time on a straightline basis.  payment terms for all transactions are usually days from the date of invoice issued according to the contractual terms.  income from interest interest is recognized using the effective interest method.  functional costs in general operating expenses by types are assigned to the functions following the functional area of the corresponding profit and cost centers.  amortization depreciation and impairment of intangible assets and property plant and equipment are included in functional costs depending on the use of the assets

Score 0.482
the board of the main foundation is composed of equally many employer and employee representatives.  the board of the foundation is responsible for investment policy and asset management as well as for any changes in the plan rules and the determination of contributions to finance the benefits.  the company is required to make total contributions at least as high as the sum of the employee contributions set out in the plan rules.  in case of an underfunded plan the company together with the employees may be asked to pay supplementary contributions according to a welldefined framework of recovery measures.  development of the defined benefit plans defined benefit obligation dbo fair value of plan assets effects of asset ceiling net defined benefit balance i ii iii i ii iii fiscal year fiscal year fiscal year fiscal year in millions of balance at begin of fiscal year current service cost interest expenses interest income other components of defined benefit costs recognized in the consolidated statements of income return on plan assets excluding amounts included in net interest income and net interest expenses actuarial gains losses effects of asset ceiling remeasurements recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income employer contributions plan participants contributions benefits paid settlement payments business combinations disposals and other foreign currency translation effects other reconciling items balance at fiscal yearend germany u

Score 0.481
cash outflows from change in receivables from financing activities of sfs related primarily to sfss debt business.  cash inflows from other disposals of assets included mainly proceeds from disposals of assets eligible as central bank collateral from the sale of the commercial vehicles business by portfolio companies and from the sale or disposal of debt or equity investments.  cash outflows from the reissuance of treasury shares and other transactions with owners were driven by the purchase of siemens healthineers ag treasury shares.  combined management report cash outflows for dividends attributable to noncontrolling interests mainly included dividends paid to the shareholders of siemens healthineers ag.  with our ability to generate positive operating cash flows from continuing and discontinued operations of

Score 0.481
the following table shows the notional volume and net fair values of existing derivative financial instruments that were not included in a valuation unit as of the balance sheet date sep in millions of notional amount fair values interest rate hedging contracts combined interest and currency hedging contracts existing derivative financial instruments the notional amounts equal the contractual amounts of the individual derivative financial instrument which irrespective of the nature of the concluded position sale or purchase are presented on a gross basis gross notional amounts.  fair values of these derivative financial instruments are calculated by discounting expected future cash flows over the remaining term of the instrument using current market interest rates and yield curves.  annual financial statements the following table shows the carrying amounts if any of derivative financial instruments that are not included in valuation units and the balance sheet items in which the carrying amounts are recognized sep in millions of other assets other provisions other liabilities interest rate hedging contracts combined interest and currency hedging contracts derivative financial instruments requiring recognition provided the relevant conditions are met derivative financial instruments are aggregated with the underlying hedged item into valuation units.  using the freezing method the hedging transactions are not recognized in the balance sheet.  the effectiveness of the valuation unit is either ensured through risk management or is demonstrated both prospectively and retrospectively based on appropriate methods used to demonstrate effectiveness e

Score 0.481
note trade and other receivables sep in millions of trade receivables from the sale of goods and services receivables from finance leases in fiscal and the longterm portion of receivables from finance leases is reported in other financial assets amounting to million and million respectively.  future minimum lease payments to be received are as follows sep in millions of within one year after one year but not more than two years after two years but not more than three years after three years but not more than four years after four years but not more than five years more than five years consolidated financial statements future minimum lease payments reconcile to the net investment in the lease as follows sep in millions of future minimum lease payments less unearned finance income relating to future minimum lease payments present value of future minimum lease payments plus present value of unguaranteed residual value net investment in the lease investments in finance leases primarily relate to industrial machinery medical equipment transportation systems equipment for information technology and office machines.  in fiscal and finance income on the net investment in the lease is million and million.  note other current financial assets sep in millions of loans receivable interestbearing debt securities derivative financial instruments other note contract assets and liabilities as of september and amounts expected to be settled after twelve months are million and million for contract assets and million and million for contract liabilities respectively.  in fiscal and revenue includes million and million respectively which was included in contract liabilities at the beginning of the fiscal year

Score 0.481
significant plans apply individual spot rates from full discount rate curves to determine service cost and interest expense.  the net interest income or expense for the fiscal year will be based on the discount rate for the respective year multiplied by the net defined benefit liability asset at the preceding fiscal years periodend date.  service cost past service cost and settlement gains losses for pensions and similar obligations as well as administration costs unrelated to the management of plan assets are allocated among functional costs.  past service cost and settlement gains losses are recognized immediately in profit or loss.  for unfunded plans the amount in line item provisions for pensions and similar obligations equals the dbo

Score 0.481
those collaterals are provided in connection with netting agreements for derivatives providing protection from the risk of a counterpartys insolvency.  as of september and collateral held for creditimpaired receivables from finance leases amounted to million and million respectively.  as of september and collateral held for financial assets measured at amortized cost amounted to million and million respectively including million and million respectively for consolidated financial statements creditimpaired loans in sfs asset finance business.  those collaterals mainly comprised property plant and equipment.  credit risks arising from irrevocable loan commitments are equal to the expected future payoffs resulting from these commitments

Score 0.48
e.  guarantees to ensure performance obligations incurred from the delivery of goods or provision of services by affiliated and longterm investee companies or their parent companies.  for measurement purposes the contract amount of the secured delivery or service agreement is reduced using the straightline method over the planned term of the delivery or service agreement unless there are reasons for a different risk assessment and an increased liability amount riskadequate liability amount.  credit lines included in the guarantee obligations in the context of financing affiliated companies are recognized at their nominal amount.  derivative financial instruments are used by siemens ag almost exclusively for hedging purposes and if the relevant conditions are met are aggregated with the underlying hedged item into valuation units

Score 0.48
some of our board members hold or in the last year have held positions of significant responsibility with other entities.  we have relationships with almost all of these entities in the ordinary course of our business whereby we buy and sell a wide variety of products and services on arms length terms.  note principal accountant fees and services fees related to professional services rendered by the companys principal accountant ey for fiscal and are fiscal year in millions of audit services .  .  other attestation services

Score 0.48
.  financial risks risks from pension obligations the provisions for pensions and similar obligations may be affected by changes in actuarial assumptions including the discount rate as well as by movements in financial markets or a change in the mix of assets in our investment portfolio.  additionally they are subject to legal risks with regard to plan design among other factors.  a significant increase in underfunding may have a negative effect on our capital structure and rating and thus may tighten refinancing options and increase costs.  in order to comply with local pension regulations in selected foreign countries we may face an economic risk of increasing cash outflows due to changes in funding level according to local regulations of our pension plans in these countries or to changes in the regulations themselves

Score 0.479
as a provision or risk contingency they are supposed to be incorporated with their financial impact in the entitys business objectives.  as a consequence only additional risks arising from the same cause e. g.  deviations from business objectives different impact perspectives should be considered.  in order to provide a comprehensive view of our business activities risks and opportunities are identified in a structured way combining elements of both topdown and bottomup approaches

Score 0.479
revenues for technical support services including updates and unspecified upgrades are recognized over time on a straightline basis as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by siemens services.  softwareasaservice contracts including related cloud services represent one performance obligation for which revenues are recognized over time on a straightline basis.  payment terms for all transactions are usually days from the date of invoice issued according to the contractual terms.  income from interest interest is recognized using the effective interest method.  functional costs in general operating expenses by types are assigned to the functions following the functional area of the corresponding profit and cost centers

Score 0.478
g.  as a provision or risk contingency they are supposed to be incorporated with their financial impact in the entitys business objectives.  as a consequence only additional risks arising from the same cause e. g.  deviations from business objectives different impact perspectives should be considered

Score 0.477
the following table presents the fair values and carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities measured at cost or amortized cost for which the carrying amounts do not approximate fair value sep sep carrying carrying in millions of fair value amount fair value amount notes and bonds loans from banks and other financial indebtedness fixedrate and variablerate receivables with a remaining term of more than twelve months including receivables from finance leases are evaluated by the company based on parameters such as interest rates specific country risk factors individual creditworthiness of the customer and the risk characteristics of the financed project.  based on this evaluation allowances for these receivables are recognized.  consolidated financial statements the fair value of notes and bonds is based on prices provided by price service agencies at the periodend date level .  the fair value of loans from banks and other financial indebtedness as well as other noncurrent financial liabilities are estimated by discounting future cash flows using rates currently available for debt of similar terms and remaining maturities level .  the following table allocates financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value to the three levels of the fair value hierarchy sep in millions of level level level total financial assets measured at fair value equity instruments measured at fvtpl equity instruments measured at fvoci debt instruments measured at fvtpl derivative financial instruments not designated in a hedge accounting relationship including embedded derivatives in connection with fair value hedges in connection with cash flow hedges financial liabilities measured at fair value derivative financial instruments not designated in a hedge accounting relationship including embedded derivatives in connection with fair value hedges in connection with cash flow hedges sep in millions of level level level total financial assets measured at fair value equity instruments measured at fvtpl equity instruments measured at fvoci debt instruments measured at fvtpl derivative financial instruments not designated in a hedge accounting relationship including embedded derivatives in connection with fair value hedges in connection with cash flow hedges financial liabilities measured at fair value derivative financial instruments not designated in a hedge accounting relationship including embedded derivatives in connection with fair value hedges in connection with cash flow hedges fair value of equity instruments quoted in an active market is based on price quotations at periodend date

Score 0.476
the credit rating for banks and brokers is constantly monitored.  the following table shows the notional volume and net fair values of existing derivative financial instruments that were not included in a valuation unit as of the balance sheet date sep in millions of notional amount fair values interest rate hedging contracts combined interest and currency hedging contracts existing derivative financial instruments the notional amounts equal the contractual amounts of the individual derivative financial instrument which irrespective of the nature of the concluded position sale or purchase are presented on a gross basis gross notional amounts.  fair values of these derivative financial instruments are calculated by discounting expected future cash flows over the remaining term of the instrument using current market interest rates and yield curves.  annual financial statements the following table shows the carrying amounts if any of derivative financial instruments that are not included in valuation units and the balance sheet items in which the carrying amounts are recognized sep in millions of other assets other provisions other liabilities interest rate hedging contracts combined interest and currency hedging contracts derivative financial instruments requiring recognition provided the relevant conditions are met derivative financial instruments are aggregated with the underlying hedged item into valuation units.  using the freezing method the hedging transactions are not recognized in the balance sheet

Score 0.475
accounting and measurement principles in the notes to the financial statements and with respect to writedowns and writeups of noncurrent financial assets refer to chapter .  notes to the income statement note income loss from investments net as well as chapter .  notes to the balance sheet note noncurrent assets and with respect to the subsequent events relating to the investment in siemens energy ag refer to chapter .  other disclosures note subsequent events in the notes to the financial statements.  other provisions for legal disputes regulatory proceedings and governmental investigations reasons why the matter was determined to be a key audit matter we considered the accounting for other provisions for legal disputes regulatory proceedings and governmental investigations legal proceedings out of or in connection with alleged compliance violations to be a key audit matter

Score 0.475
regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are accounted for at the trade date.  initially financial instruments are recognized at fair value and net of transaction costs if not categorized at fvtpl.  subsequently financial assets and liabilities are measured according to the category to which they are assigned to financial assets measured at fair value through profit and loss fvtpl a mandatorily measured at fvtpl debt financial assets are measured at fvtpl if the business model they are held in is not a holdtocollect or a holdandsell business model or if their contractual cash flows do not represent solely payments of principal and interest.  equity instruments are measured at fvtpl unless the fvocioption is elected.  b financial assets designated as measured at fvtpl are irrevocably designated at initial recognition if the designation significantly reduces accounting mismatches that would otherwise arise if assets and liabilities as well as recognizing gains losses were measured on different bases

Score 0.475
in addition sfs supports siemens industrial businesses with financial advisory services and via a joint gotomarket that includes sfss risk management expertise such as to assess the risk profiles of projects or business models.  furthermore sfs collaborates with siemens industrial businesses to codevelop new digital business models and also supports its customers through targeted financings in sustainable technologies and projects.  combined management report fiscal year in millions of earnings before taxes ebt therein equity business roe after taxes .  .  sep sep in millions of total assets siemens financial services in fiscal recorded higher earnings before taxes in the debt business despite a volatile credit environment

Score 0.474
financial risks risks from pension obligations the provisions for pensions and similar obligations may be affected by changes in actuarial assumptions including the discount rate as well as by movements in financial markets or a change in the mix of assets in our investment portfolio.  additionally they are subject to legal risks with regard to plan design among other factors.  a significant increase in underfunding may have a negative effect on our capital structure and rating and thus may tighten refinancing options and increase costs.  in order to comply with local pension regulations in selected foreign countries we may face an economic risk of increasing cash outflows due to changes in funding level according to local regulations of our pension plans in these countries or to changes in the regulations themselves.  audits by tax authorities and changes in tax regulations we operate in nearly all countries of the world and therefore are subject to many different tax regulations

Score 0.474
the facilities are for general corporate purposes.  consolidated financial statements notes and bonds sep sep interestissuedmaturity currency notional amount in millions carrying amount in millions of currency notional amount in millions carrying amount in millions of . september gbp fixedrate instruments . september gbp fixedrate instruments . march eur fixedrate instruments

Score 0.473
note guarantees and other commitments sep in millions of obligations from guarantees warranty obligations thereof relating to financing of affiliated companies thereof relating to performance guarantees on behalf of affiliated companies thereof others guarantees and other commitments annual financial statements warranty obligations relating to financing of affiliated companies included guarantees towards banks for credit lines granted to affiliated companies.  the items obligations from guarantees and warranty obligations others included guarantees and other commitments for the benefit of companies of the siemens energy group totaling .  billion and .  billion respectively with corresponding full reimbursement rights towards siemens energy global gmbh co.  kg

Score 0.473
the interest rate risk management includes sfs business for which the interest rate risk was formerly managed separately.  cash flow hedges of floatingrate commercial papers in september siemens ended cash flow hedge accounting.  previously siemens applied cash flow hedge accounting to a revolving portfolio of floatingrate commercial papers of nominal us million.  fair value hedges of fixedrate debt obligations under interest rate swap agreements outstanding in fiscal and the company agreed to pay a variable rate of interest multiplied by a notional principal amount and to receive in return an amount equal to a specified fixed rate of interest multiplied by the same notional principal amount.  these interest rate swap agreements offset future changes in interest rates designated as hedged risk on the fair value of the underlying fixedrate debt obligations

Score 0.473
cash flows .  overall assessment of the economic position .  report on expected developments and associated material opportunities and risks .  report on expected developments .  risk management