Scores_f_CONSTRUCTIONScore 0.648
.  construction of new buildings .  .  renovation of existing buildings .

Score 0.598
project acceptance documentation contractual terms and conditions and lawyers confirmations regarding alleged breaches of contract and asserted claims and inspected the status of projects at plant sites.  due to the large contract volume and risk profile our audit procedures focused on large contracts for delivery of highspeed and commuter trains.  our audit procedures did not lead to any reservations relating to revenue recognition on constructiontype contracts.  reference to related disclosures with regard to the recognition and measurement policies applied in accounting for constructiontype contracts refer to note material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.  with respect to contract assets and liabilities as well as provisions for order related losses and risks refer to note contract assets and liabilities note provisions and note commitments and contingencies in the notes to the consolidated financial statements

Score 0.594
construction of new buildings .  .  renovation of existing buildings .  .  installation maintenance and repair of energy efficiency equipment

Score 0.587
revenues from constructiontype contracts revenues are recognized over time under the percentageofcompletion method based on the percentage of costs incurred to date compared to total estimated costs.  an expected loss on the contract is recognized as an expense immediately.  payment terms are usually days from the date of invoice issued according to the contractual terms.  the percentageofcompletion method places considerable importance on accurate estimates of the extent of progress towards completion and may involve estimates on the scope of deliveries and services required to fulfill the contractually defined obligations.  these significant estimates include total estimated costs total estimated revenues contract risks including technical political and regulatory risks risks from supply chain constraints and other judgments

Score 0.569
g.  project acceptance documentation contractual terms and conditions and lawyers confirmations regarding alleged breaches of contract and asserted claims and inspected the status of projects at plant sites.  due to the large contract volume and risk profile our audit procedures focused on large contracts for delivery of highspeed and commuter trains.  our audit procedures did not lead to any reservations relating to revenue recognition on constructiontype contracts.  reference to related disclosures with regard to the recognition and measurement policies applied in accounting for constructiontype contracts refer to note material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates in the notes to the consolidated financial statements

Score 0.565
.  renovation of existing buildings .  .  installation maintenance and repair of energy efficiency equipment .

Score 0.562
our audit procedures included among others review of the contracts and their terms and conditions including contractually agreed partial deliveries and services termination rights penalties for delay and breach of contract liquidated damages as well as joint and several liability.  in order to evaluate whether revenues were recognized on an accrual basis for the selected projects we analyzed revenues attributable to the fiscal year and corresponding cost of sales to be recognized in the statement of income considering the extent of progress towards completion and examined the accounting for the associated items in the statement of financial position.  for this we also assessed the accounting for contractually agreed options contract amendments or contract terminations including related pending legal proceedings also in relation to previous constructiontype contracts with russian customers.  we also assessed the recognition requirements of reimbursement claims.  we further performed inquiries of project management both commercial and technical project managers with respect to the development of the projects the reasons for deviations between planned and actual costs the current estimated costs to complete the projects and managements assessments on probabilities that contract risks and claims from joint and several liability will materialize

Score 0.56
these assessments include in particular the scope of deliveries and services required to fulfill contractually defined obligations total estimated contract costs remaining costs to completion and total estimated contract revenues as well as contract risks including technical political regulatory legal and supply chain risks.  independent auditors reports group revenues total estimated contract costs and profit recognition may deviate significantly from original estimates based on new knowledge about cost overruns and changes in project scope over the term of a constructiontype contract.  the effects of current geopolitical and macroeconomic developments on the project business such as delays in project execution price increases or disruptions in supply chains and their accounting treatment were taken into account during our audit.  auditors response as part of our audit we obtained an understanding of the groups internally established methods processes and control mechanisms for project management in the bid and execution phase of constructiontype contracts.  in this regard we assessed the design and operating effectiveness of the accountingrelated internal controls in the project business by obtaining an understanding of business transactions specific to constructiontype contracts from the initiation of the transaction through presentation in the consolidated financial statements

Score 0.552
we consider the accounting for constructiontype contracts to be an area posing a significant risk of material misstatement including the potential risk of management override of internal controls and accordingly a key audit matter because managements assessments significantly impact the determination of the extent of progress towards completion.  these assessments include in particular the scope of deliveries and services required to fulfill contractually defined obligations total estimated contract costs remaining costs to completion and total estimated contract revenues as well as contract risks including technical political regulatory legal and supply chain risks.  independent auditors reports group revenues total estimated contract costs and profit recognition may deviate significantly from original estimates based on new knowledge about cost overruns and changes in project scope over the term of a constructiontype contract.  the effects of current geopolitical and macroeconomic developments on the project business such as delays in project execution price increases or disruptions in supply chains and their accounting treatment were taken into account during our audit.  auditors response as part of our audit we obtained an understanding of the groups internally established methods processes and control mechanisms for project management in the bid and execution phase of constructiontype contracts

Score 0.55
auditors response as part of our audit we obtained an understanding of the groups internally established methods processes and control mechanisms for project management in the bid and execution phase of constructiontype contracts.  in this regard we assessed the design and operating effectiveness of the accountingrelated internal controls in the project business by obtaining an understanding of business transactions specific to constructiontype contracts from the initiation of the transaction through presentation in the consolidated financial statements.  we also tested controls addressing the timely assessment of changes in cost estimates the timely and complete recognition of such changes in the project calculation as well as their accounting treatment.  as part of our substantive audit procedures which particularly involved project reviews we evaluated managements estimates and assumptions based on a riskbased selection of a sample of contracts.  our sample primarily included projects that are subject to significant future uncertainties and risks such as projects with complex safetytechnical and regulatory requirements or projects with a large portion of materials and services to be provided by suppliers or consortium partners fixedprice or turnkey projects crossborder projects and projects with changes in cost estimates delays andor low or negative margins

Score 0.547
.  installation maintenance and repair of renewable energy technologies .  .  acquisition and ownership of buildings .

Score 0.547
if a contract contains more than one distinct good or service the transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation based on relative standalone selling prices.  if standalone selling prices are not observable the company reasonably estimates those.  revenue is recognized for each performance obligation either at a point in time or over time.  revenues from constructiontype contracts revenues are recognized over time under the percentageofcompletion method based on the percentage of costs incurred to date compared to total estimated costs.  an expected loss on the contract is recognized as an expense immediately

Score 0.545
for this we also assessed the accounting for contractually agreed options contract amendments or contract terminations including related pending legal proceedings also in relation to previous constructiontype contracts with russian customers.  we also assessed the recognition requirements of reimbursement claims.  we further performed inquiries of project management both commercial and technical project managers with respect to the development of the projects the reasons for deviations between planned and actual costs the current estimated costs to complete the projects and managements assessments on probabilities that contract risks and claims from joint and several liability will materialize.  to identify anomalies in the development of margins and other project kpis we also applied data analysis procedures.  in designing our audit procedures we also considered results from project audits conducted by the internal audit function

Score 0.535
in order to evaluate whether revenues were recognized on an accrual basis for the selected projects we analyzed revenues attributable to the fiscal year and corresponding cost of sales to be recognized in the statement of income considering the extent of progress towards completion and examined the accounting for the associated items in the statement of financial position.  for this we also assessed the accounting for contractually agreed options contract amendments or contract terminations including related pending legal proceedings also in relation to previous constructiontype contracts with russian customers.  we also assessed the recognition requirements of reimbursement claims.  we further performed inquiries of project management both commercial and technical project managers with respect to the development of the projects the reasons for deviations between planned and actual costs the current estimated costs to complete the projects and managements assessments on probabilities that contract risks and claims from joint and several liability will materialize.  to identify anomalies in the development of margins and other project kpis we also applied data analysis procedures

Score 0.534
production costs comprise in addition to direct costs an appropriate portion of production and material overheads and depreciation of property plant and equipment.  general administration expenses expenses for social facilities voluntary social costs and company pension scheme costs are not capitalized.  writedowns are recorded to cover inventory risks for reduced usability and technological obsolescence as well as in the context of lossfree valuation of unbilled contracts in constructiontype and service businesses.  allowances on receivables are determined on the basis of the probability of default and country risks.  deferred tax assets for differences between valuations of balance sheet line items in accordance to commercial and tax law and tax loss carryforwards are recognized if a future tax benefit is expected

Score 0.533
revenue is recognized for each performance obligation either at a point in time or over time.  revenues from constructiontype contracts revenues are recognized over time under the percentageofcompletion method based on the percentage of costs incurred to date compared to total estimated costs.  an expected loss on the contract is recognized as an expense immediately.  payment terms are usually days from the date of invoice issued according to the contractual terms.  the percentageofcompletion method places considerable importance on accurate estimates of the extent of progress towards completion and may involve estimates on the scope of deliveries and services required to fulfill the contractually defined obligations

Score 0.528
below we describe what we consider to be the key audit matters revenue recognition on constructiontype contracts reasons why the matter was determined to be a key audit matter the group conducts a significant portion of its business under constructiontype contracts particularly in the mobility business.  revenue from longterm constructiontype contracts is recognized in accordance with ifrs revenue from contracts with customers generally over time under the percentageofcompletion method.  we consider the accounting for constructiontype contracts to be an area posing a significant risk of material misstatement including the potential risk of management override of internal controls and accordingly a key audit matter because managements assessments significantly impact the determination of the extent of progress towards completion.  these assessments include in particular the scope of deliveries and services required to fulfill contractually defined obligations total estimated contract costs remaining costs to completion and total estimated contract revenues as well as contract risks including technical political regulatory legal and supply chain risks.  independent auditors reports group revenues total estimated contract costs and profit recognition may deviate significantly from original estimates based on new knowledge about cost overruns and changes in project scope over the term of a constructiontype contract

Score 0.528
revenue from longterm constructiontype contracts is recognized in accordance with ifrs revenue from contracts with customers generally over time under the percentageofcompletion method.  we consider the accounting for constructiontype contracts to be an area posing a significant risk of material misstatement including the potential risk of management override of internal controls and accordingly a key audit matter because managements assessments significantly impact the determination of the extent of progress towards completion.  these assessments include in particular the scope of deliveries and services required to fulfill contractually defined obligations total estimated contract costs remaining costs to completion and total estimated contract revenues as well as contract risks including technical political regulatory legal and supply chain risks.  independent auditors reports group revenues total estimated contract costs and profit recognition may deviate significantly from original estimates based on new knowledge about cost overruns and changes in project scope over the term of a constructiontype contract.  the effects of current geopolitical and macroeconomic developments on the project business such as delays in project execution price increases or disruptions in supply chains and their accounting treatment were taken into account during our audit

Score 0.526
other also includes provisions for legal proceedings as far as the risks that are subject to such legal proceedings are not already covered by project accounting.  provisions for legal proceedings amounted to million and million as of september and respectively.  as of september and million and million are included for claims and charges resulting from the construction business.  furthermore other includes provision for indemnifications in connection with dispositions of businesses of million and million as of september and .  such indemnifications may protect the buyer from potential tax legal and other risks in conjunction with the purchased business

Score 0.523
consideration is adjusted for the time value of money if the period between the transfer of goods or services and the receipt of payment exceeds twelve months and there is a significant financing benefit either to the customer or siemens.  if a contract contains more than one distinct good or service the transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation based on relative standalone selling prices.  if standalone selling prices are not observable the company reasonably estimates those.  revenue is recognized for each performance obligation either at a point in time or over time.  revenues from constructiontype contracts revenues are recognized over time under the percentageofcompletion method based on the percentage of costs incurred to date compared to total estimated costs

Score 0.518
the provision is determined using actuarial standard valuation methodologies which are parameterized based on historical loss data.  life reinsurance contracts have an average term of years whereas the cash outflows for the industrial business reinsurance contracts are expected within the next five years.  other also includes provisions for legal proceedings as far as the risks that are subject to such legal proceedings are not already covered by project accounting.  provisions for legal proceedings amounted to million and million as of september and respectively.  as of september and million and million are included for claims and charges resulting from the construction business

Score 0.517
in this regard we assessed the design and operating effectiveness of the accountingrelated internal controls in the project business by obtaining an understanding of business transactions specific to constructiontype contracts from the initiation of the transaction through presentation in the consolidated financial statements.  we also tested controls addressing the timely assessment of changes in cost estimates the timely and complete recognition of such changes in the project calculation as well as their accounting treatment.  as part of our substantive audit procedures which particularly involved project reviews we evaluated managements estimates and assumptions based on a riskbased selection of a sample of contracts.  our sample primarily included projects that are subject to significant future uncertainties and risks such as projects with complex safetytechnical and regulatory requirements or projects with a large portion of materials and services to be provided by suppliers or consortium partners fixedprice or turnkey projects crossborder projects and projects with changes in cost estimates delays andor low or negative margins.  our audit procedures included among others review of the contracts and their terms and conditions including contractually agreed partial deliveries and services termination rights penalties for delay and breach of contract liquidated damages as well as joint and several liability

Score 0.511
if standalone selling prices are not observable the company reasonably estimates those.  revenue is recognized for each performance obligation either at a point in time or over time.  revenues from constructiontype contracts revenues are recognized over time under the percentageofcompletion method based on the percentage of costs incurred to date compared to total estimated costs.  an expected loss on the contract is recognized as an expense immediately.  payment terms are usually days from the date of invoice issued according to the contractual terms

Score 0.508
the effects of current geopolitical and macroeconomic developments on the project business such as delays in project execution price increases or disruptions in supply chains and their accounting treatment were taken into account during our audit.  auditors response as part of our audit we obtained an understanding of the groups internally established methods processes and control mechanisms for project management in the bid and execution phase of constructiontype contracts.  in this regard we assessed the design and operating effectiveness of the accountingrelated internal controls in the project business by obtaining an understanding of business transactions specific to constructiontype contracts from the initiation of the transaction through presentation in the consolidated financial statements.  we also tested controls addressing the timely assessment of changes in cost estimates the timely and complete recognition of such changes in the project calculation as well as their accounting treatment.  as part of our substantive audit procedures which particularly involved project reviews we evaluated managements estimates and assumptions based on a riskbased selection of a sample of contracts

Score 0.508
these matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole and in forming our opinion thereon we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.  below we describe what we consider to be the key audit matters revenue recognition on constructiontype contracts reasons why the matter was determined to be a key audit matter the group conducts a significant portion of its business under constructiontype contracts particularly in the mobility business.  revenue from longterm constructiontype contracts is recognized in accordance with ifrs revenue from contracts with customers generally over time under the percentageofcompletion method.  we consider the accounting for constructiontype contracts to be an area posing a significant risk of material misstatement including the potential risk of management override of internal controls and accordingly a key audit matter because managements assessments significantly impact the determination of the extent of progress towards completion.  these assessments include in particular the scope of deliveries and services required to fulfill contractually defined obligations total estimated contract costs remaining costs to completion and total estimated contract revenues as well as contract risks including technical political regulatory legal and supply chain risks

Score 0.507
infrastructure for rail transport .  .  infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport .  .  construction of new buildings

Score 0.505
we also assessed the recognition requirements of reimbursement claims.  we further performed inquiries of project management both commercial and technical project managers with respect to the development of the projects the reasons for deviations between planned and actual costs the current estimated costs to complete the projects and managements assessments on probabilities that contract risks and claims from joint and several liability will materialize.  to identify anomalies in the development of margins and other project kpis we also applied data analysis procedures.  in designing our audit procedures we also considered results from project audits conducted by the internal audit function.  furthermore we obtained evidence from third parties for selected projects e

Score 0.504
renovation of existing buildings .  .  installation maintenance and repair of energy efficiency equipment .  .  installation maintenance and repair of charging stations for electric vehicles in buildings and parking spaces attached to buildings

Score 0.502
our sample primarily included projects that are subject to significant future uncertainties and risks such as projects with complex safetytechnical and regulatory requirements or projects with a large portion of materials and services to be provided by suppliers or consortium partners fixedprice or turnkey projects crossborder projects and projects with changes in cost estimates delays andor low or negative margins.  our audit procedures included among others review of the contracts and their terms and conditions including contractually agreed partial deliveries and services termination rights penalties for delay and breach of contract liquidated damages as well as joint and several liability.  in order to evaluate whether revenues were recognized on an accrual basis for the selected projects we analyzed revenues attributable to the fiscal year and corresponding cost of sales to be recognized in the statement of income considering the extent of progress towards completion and examined the accounting for the associated items in the statement of financial position.  for this we also assessed the accounting for contractually agreed options contract amendments or contract terminations including related pending legal proceedings also in relation to previous constructiontype contracts with russian customers.  we also assessed the recognition requirements of reimbursement claims

Score 0.499
as part of our substantive audit procedures which particularly involved project reviews we evaluated managements estimates and assumptions based on a riskbased selection of a sample of contracts.  our sample primarily included projects that are subject to significant future uncertainties and risks such as projects with complex safetytechnical and regulatory requirements or projects with a large portion of materials and services to be provided by suppliers or consortium partners fixedprice or turnkey projects crossborder projects and projects with changes in cost estimates delays andor low or negative margins.  our audit procedures included among others review of the contracts and their terms and conditions including contractually agreed partial deliveries and services termination rights penalties for delay and breach of contract liquidated damages as well as joint and several liability.  in order to evaluate whether revenues were recognized on an accrual basis for the selected projects we analyzed revenues attributable to the fiscal year and corresponding cost of sales to be recognized in the statement of income considering the extent of progress towards completion and examined the accounting for the associated items in the statement of financial position.  for this we also assessed the accounting for contractually agreed options contract amendments or contract terminations including related pending legal proceedings also in relation to previous constructiontype contracts with russian customers

Score 0.497
rightofuse assets are presented in property plant and equipment in accordance with their nature rightofuse assets have a carrying amount of million and million as of september and respectively additions are million and million and depreciation expense is million and million in fiscal and .  rightofuse assets mainly relate to leases of land and buildings with a carrying amount of million and million as of september and additions of million and million and depreciation expense of million and million in fiscal and .  equipment leased to others mainly relate to technical machinery and equipment as well as to office and other equipment owned by siemens with a carrying amount of million and million respectively as of september and million and million respectively as of september .  in fiscal and expenses recognized for shortterm leases are million and million respectively expenses for lowvalue leases not accounted for under the rightofuse model are million and million respectively.  sale and leaseback transactions resulted in gains of million and million respectively in fiscal and

Score 0.494
we sometimes bear the risk of unanticipated project modifications shortage of key personnel quality problems financial difficulties of our customers andor significant partners cost overruns or contractual penalties caused by unexpected technological problems unexpected developments at the project sites unforeseen changes or difficulties in the regulatory or political environment performance problems with our suppliers subcontractors and consortium partners or other logistical difficulties.  some of our multiyear contracts also contain demanding installation and maintenance requirements in addition to other performance criteria relating to timing unit cost and compliance with government regulations which if not satisfied could subject us to substantial contractual penalties damages nonpayment and contract termination.  there can be no assurance that contracts and projects in particular those with longterm duration and fixedprice calculation can be completed profitably.  to tackle those risks we established a global project management organization to systematically improve the technical and commercial capabilities of our project management personnel.  for complex projects we conduct dedicated risk assessments in very early stages of the sales phase before we decide to hand over a binding offer to our customers

Score 0.493
e installation maintenance and repair of renewable energy technologies .  .  y y y y y y .  e acquisition and ownership of buildings .

Score 0.488
we further performed inquiries of project management both commercial and technical project managers with respect to the development of the projects the reasons for deviations between planned and actual costs the current estimated costs to complete the projects and managements assessments on probabilities that contract risks and claims from joint and several liability will materialize.  to identify anomalies in the development of margins and other project kpis we also applied data analysis procedures.  in designing our audit procedures we also considered results from project audits conducted by the internal audit function.  furthermore we obtained evidence from third parties for selected projects e. g

Score 0.487
independent auditors reports group revenues total estimated contract costs and profit recognition may deviate significantly from original estimates based on new knowledge about cost overruns and changes in project scope over the term of a constructiontype contract.  the effects of current geopolitical and macroeconomic developments on the project business such as delays in project execution price increases or disruptions in supply chains and their accounting treatment were taken into account during our audit.  auditors response as part of our audit we obtained an understanding of the groups internally established methods processes and control mechanisms for project management in the bid and execution phase of constructiontype contracts.  in this regard we assessed the design and operating effectiveness of the accountingrelated internal controls in the project business by obtaining an understanding of business transactions specific to constructiontype contracts from the initiation of the transaction through presentation in the consolidated financial statements.  we also tested controls addressing the timely assessment of changes in cost estimates the timely and complete recognition of such changes in the project calculation as well as their accounting treatment

Score 0.486
ii rail transportation infrastructure ccm .  iii infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport ccm .  all associated with mobility businesses as well as iv energyefficient building technologies ccm .  and v services for energyefficient building technologies ccm .  both related to smart infrastructure businesses

Score 0.482
furthermore we obtained evidence from third parties for selected projects e. g.  project acceptance documentation contractual terms and conditions and lawyers confirmations regarding alleged breaches of contract and asserted claims and inspected the status of projects at plant sites.  due to the large contract volume and risk profile our audit procedures focused on large contracts for delivery of highspeed and commuter trains.  our audit procedures did not lead to any reservations relating to revenue recognition on constructiontype contracts

Score 0.482
.  infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport .  .  construction of new buildings .

Score 0.48
provisions for legal proceedings amounted to million and million as of september and respectively.  as of september and million and million are included for claims and charges resulting from the construction business.  furthermore other includes provision for indemnifications in connection with dispositions of businesses of million and million as of september and .  such indemnifications may protect the buyer from potential tax legal and other risks in conjunction with the purchased business.  note equity as of september and siemens issued capital is divided into million and million registered shares respectively with no par value and a notional value of

Score 0.479
some of our multiyear contracts also contain demanding installation and maintenance requirements in addition to other performance criteria relating to timing unit cost and compliance with government regulations which if not satisfied could subject us to substantial contractual penalties damages nonpayment and contract termination.  there can be no assurance that contracts and projects in particular those with longterm duration and fixedprice calculation can be completed profitably.  to tackle those risks we established a global project management organization to systematically improve the technical and commercial capabilities of our project management personnel.  for complex projects we conduct dedicated risk assessments in very early stages of the sales phase before we decide to hand over a binding offer to our customers.

Score 0.476
the profit margins realized on fixedpriced contracts may vary from original estimates as a result of changes in costs and productivity over a contracts term.  we sometimes bear the risk of unanticipated project modifications shortage of key personnel quality problems financial difficulties of our customers andor significant partners cost overruns or contractual penalties caused by unexpected technological problems unexpected developments at the project sites unforeseen changes or difficulties in the regulatory or political environment performance problems with our suppliers subcontractors and consortium partners or other logistical difficulties.  some of our multiyear contracts also contain demanding installation and maintenance requirements in addition to other performance criteria relating to timing unit cost and compliance with government regulations which if not satisfied could subject us to substantial contractual penalties damages nonpayment and contract termination.  there can be no assurance that contracts and projects in particular those with longterm duration and fixedprice calculation can be completed profitably.  to tackle those risks we established a global project management organization to systematically improve the technical and commercial capabilities of our project management personnel

Score 0.476
general administration expenses expenses for social facilities voluntary social costs and company pension scheme costs are not capitalized.  writedowns are recorded to cover inventory risks for reduced usability and technological obsolescence as well as in the context of lossfree valuation of unbilled contracts in constructiontype and service businesses.  allowances on receivables are determined on the basis of the probability of default and country risks.  deferred tax assets for differences between valuations of balance sheet line items in accordance to commercial and tax law and tax loss carryforwards are recognized if a future tax benefit is expected.  deferred tax assets are netted with deferred tax liabilities

Score 0.475
infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport .  .  construction of new buildings .  .  renovation of existing buildings

Score 0.472
note trade and other receivables sep in millions of trade receivables from the sale of goods and services receivables from finance leases in fiscal and the longterm portion of receivables from finance leases is reported in other financial assets amounting to million and million respectively.  future minimum lease payments to be received are as follows sep in millions of within one year after one year but not more than two years after two years but not more than three years after three years but not more than four years after four years but not more than five years more than five years consolidated financial statements future minimum lease payments reconcile to the net investment in the lease as follows sep in millions of future minimum lease payments less unearned finance income relating to future minimum lease payments present value of future minimum lease payments plus present value of unguaranteed residual value net investment in the lease investments in finance leases primarily relate to industrial machinery medical equipment transportation systems equipment for information technology and office machines.  in fiscal and finance income on the net investment in the lease is million and million.  note other current financial assets sep in millions of loans receivable interestbearing debt securities derivative financial instruments other note contract assets and liabilities as of september and amounts expected to be settled after twelve months are million and million for contract assets and million and million for contract liabilities respectively.  in fiscal and revenue includes million and million respectively which was included in contract liabilities at the beginning of the fiscal year

Score 0.471
infrastructure for rail transport .  .  infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport .  .  renovation of existing buildings

Score 0.471
installation maintenance and repair of energy efficiency equipment .  .  installation maintenance and repair of charging stations for electric vehicles in buildings and parking spaces attached to buildings .  .  acquisition and ownership of buildings

Score 0.471
key audit matters in the audit of the consolidated financial statements key audit matters are those matters that in our professional judgment were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year from october to september .  these matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole and in forming our opinion thereon we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.  below we describe what we consider to be the key audit matters revenue recognition on constructiontype contracts reasons why the matter was determined to be a key audit matter the group conducts a significant portion of its business under constructiontype contracts particularly in the mobility business.  revenue from longterm constructiontype contracts is recognized in accordance with ifrs revenue from contracts with customers generally over time under the percentageofcompletion method.  we consider the accounting for constructiontype contracts to be an area posing a significant risk of material misstatement including the potential risk of management override of internal controls and accordingly a key audit matter because managements assessments significantly impact the determination of the extent of progress towards completion

Score 0.468
life reinsurance contracts have an average term of years whereas the cash outflows for the industrial business reinsurance contracts are expected within the next five years.  other also includes provisions for legal proceedings as far as the risks that are subject to such legal proceedings are not already covered by project accounting.  provisions for legal proceedings amounted to million and million as of september and respectively.  as of september and million and million are included for claims and charges resulting from the construction business.  furthermore other includes provision for indemnifications in connection with dispositions of businesses of million and million as of september and

Score 0.466
of the eu audit regulation.  we believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinions on the consolidated financial statements and on the group management report.  key audit matters in the audit of the consolidated financial statements key audit matters are those matters that in our professional judgment were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year from october to september .  these matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole and in forming our opinion thereon we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.  below we describe what we consider to be the key audit matters revenue recognition on constructiontype contracts reasons why the matter was determined to be a key audit matter the group conducts a significant portion of its business under constructiontype contracts particularly in the mobility business

Score 0.465
our audit procedures did not lead to any reservations relating to revenue recognition on constructiontype contracts.  reference to related disclosures with regard to the recognition and measurement policies applied in accounting for constructiontype contracts refer to note material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.  with respect to contract assets and liabilities as well as provisions for order related losses and risks refer to note contract assets and liabilities note provisions and note commitments and contingencies in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.  valuation of the investment in siemens energy ag reasons why the matter was determined to be a key audit matter since the spinoff of siemens energy ag in september siemens ag has held a .  stake in the listed siemens energy ag which was reduced to

Score 0.464
rightofuse assets mainly relate to leases of land and buildings with a carrying amount of million and million as of september and additions of million and million and depreciation expense of million and million in fiscal and .  equipment leased to others mainly relate to technical machinery and equipment as well as to office and other equipment owned by siemens with a carrying amount of million and million respectively as of september and million and million respectively as of september .  in fiscal and expenses recognized for shortterm leases are million and million respectively expenses for lowvalue leases not accounted for under the rightofuse model are million and million respectively.  sale and leaseback transactions resulted in gains of million and million respectively in fiscal and .  consolidated financial statements future minimum lease payments to be received under operating leases are sep in millions of within one year after one year but not more than two years after two years but not more than three years after three years but not more than four years after four years but not more than five years more than five years in fiscal and income from operating leases is million and million respectively thereof from variable lease payments million and million respectively

Score 0.463
iii infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport ccm .  all associated with mobility businesses as well as iv energyefficient building technologies ccm .  and v services for energyefficient building technologies ccm .  both related to smart infrastructure businesses.  the difference between taxonomyeligible revenue and taxonomyaligned revenue is mainly due to dnsh criteria related to pollution prevention as part of appendix c which go beyond existing national regulation

Score 0.463
for electrical electronic and mechanical contracting wll kuwait city kuwait siemens large drives company for repairing maintenance of light heavy equipment w. l. l ahmadi kuwait crabtree pty ltd maseru lesotho atruvi invest management s. . r

Score 0.462
consolidated financial statements other includes provisions for life and industrial business reinsurance contracts liability property construction in connection with the siemens energy business of million and million as of september and thereof life million and million and industrial business million and million respectively as of september and .  the provisions are for incurred and reported insurance losses as well as for incurred hence not yet reported insurance losses as of fiscal yearend.  the provision is determined using actuarial standard valuation methodologies which are parameterized based on historical loss data.  life reinsurance contracts have an average term of years whereas the cash outflows for the industrial business reinsurance contracts are expected within the next five years.  other also includes provisions for legal proceedings as far as the risks that are subject to such legal proceedings are not already covered by project accounting

Score 0.462
shanghai china siemens building technologies tianjin ltd.  tianjin china siemens circuit protection systems ltd.  shanghai shanghai china siemens commercial factoring ltd.  shanghai china siemens digital technology shenzhen co.  ltd

Score 0.461
acquisition and ownership of buildings ccm .  related to siemens real estate portfolio represents the largest portion in overall capex eligibility.  the difference between taxonomyeligible capex and taxonomyaligned capex is impacted by i only partial availability of information on energy performance certificates for our global portfolio and ii energy certificates below the required threshold defined in the substantial contribution criteria for the energy efficiency of buildings.  operating expenditures kpi the opex kpi shows the ratio of opex from taxonomyeligible andor aligned economic activities to total opex.  the total opex comprises direct noncapitalized costs related to research and development building renovation measures shortterm leases maintenance and repairs and any other direct expenditures relating to the daytoday servicing of assets of property plant and equipment per annex i of the commission delegated regulation eu

Score 0.459
.  installation maintenance and repair of charging stations for electric vehicles in buildings and parking spaces attached to buildings .  .  acquisition and ownership of buildings .

Score 0.457
future minimum lease payments to be received are as follows sep in millions of within one year after one year but not more than two years after two years but not more than three years after three years but not more than four years after four years but not more than five years more than five years consolidated financial statements future minimum lease payments reconcile to the net investment in the lease as follows sep in millions of future minimum lease payments less unearned finance income relating to future minimum lease payments present value of future minimum lease payments plus present value of unguaranteed residual value net investment in the lease investments in finance leases primarily relate to industrial machinery medical equipment transportation systems equipment for information technology and office machines.  in fiscal and finance income on the net investment in the lease is million and million.  note other current financial assets sep in millions of loans receivable interestbearing debt securities derivative financial instruments other note contract assets and liabilities as of september and amounts expected to be settled after twelve months are million and million for contract assets and million and million for contract liabilities respectively.  in fiscal and revenue includes million and million respectively which was included in contract liabilities at the beginning of the fiscal year.  note inventories and other current assets inventories sep in millions of raw materials and supplies work in progress finished goods and products held for resale advances to suppliers cost of sales includes inventories recognized as expense amounting to million and million respectively in fiscal and

Score 0.457
the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit of million is fair value less costs to sell determined by applying a discounted cash flow model level of the fair value hierarchy using a after tax discount rate and a term corresponding to the expected useful life of the respective asset.  rightofuse assets are presented in property plant and equipment in accordance with their nature rightofuse assets have a carrying amount of million and million as of september and respectively additions are million and million and depreciation expense is million and million in fiscal and .  rightofuse assets mainly relate to leases of land and buildings with a carrying amount of million and million as of september and additions of million and million and depreciation expense of million and million in fiscal and .  equipment leased to others mainly relate to technical machinery and equipment as well as to office and other equipment owned by siemens with a carrying amount of million and million respectively as of september and million and million respectively as of september .  in fiscal and expenses recognized for shortterm leases are million and million respectively expenses for lowvalue leases not accounted for under the rightofuse model are million and million respectively

Score 0.456
reference to related disclosures with regard to the recognition and measurement policies applied in accounting for constructiontype contracts refer to note material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.  with respect to contract assets and liabilities as well as provisions for order related losses and risks refer to note contract assets and liabilities note provisions and note commitments and contingencies in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.  valuation of the investment in siemens energy ag reasons why the matter was determined to be a key audit matter since the spinoff of siemens energy ag in september siemens ag has held a .  stake in the listed siemens energy ag which was reduced to .  due to capital measures at siemens energy ag and the contribution of shares in siemens energy ag to the siemens pensiontrust e

Score 0.455
the buildings are designed to minimize energy use and carbon emissions ccm . .  corresponding to revenue the difference between taxonomyeligible opex and taxonomyaligned opex relates mainly to the documentation of dnsh criteria for pollution prevention appendix c.  combined management report draft confidential eu taxonomy revenue revenue substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria codes absolute revenue proportion of revenue climate change mitigation climate change adaptation climate change mitigation climate change adaptation water and marine resources circular economy pollution biodiversity and ecosystems minimum safeguards taxonomyaligned proportion of revenue category e enabling t transitional economic activities in millions of yn yn yn yn yn yn yn et a.  taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.454
as of september and million and million are included for claims and charges resulting from the construction business.  furthermore other includes provision for indemnifications in connection with dispositions of businesses of million and million as of september and .  such indemnifications may protect the buyer from potential tax legal and other risks in conjunction with the purchased business.  note equity as of september and siemens issued capital is divided into million and million registered shares respectively with no par value and a notional value of .  per share

Score 0.454
y y y y y y .  e installation maintenance and repair of renewable energy technologies .  .  y y y y y y .  e acquisition and ownership of buildings

Score 0.451
v.  eemshaven netherlands rousch pakistan power ltd.  islamabad pakistan impilo consortium pty.  ltd.  la lucia south africa nertus mantenimiento ferroviario y servicios s

Score 0.449
installation maintenance and repair of instruments and devices for measuring regulation and controlling energy performance of buildings .  .  installation maintenance and repair of renewable energy technologies .  .  acquisition and ownership of buildings

Score 0.448
inventories are measured at the lower of average acquisition or production costs and daily values.  production costs comprise in addition to direct costs an appropriate portion of production and material overheads and depreciation of property plant and equipment.  general administration expenses expenses for social facilities voluntary social costs and company pension scheme costs are not capitalized.  writedowns are recorded to cover inventory risks for reduced usability and technological obsolescence as well as in the context of lossfree valuation of unbilled contracts in constructiontype and service businesses.  allowances on receivables are determined on the basis of the probability of default and country risks

Score 0.448
infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport .  .  renovation of existing buildings .  .  installation maintenance and repair of energy efficiency equipment

Score 0.447
report on expected developments and associated material opportunities and risks .  report on expected developments .  risk management .  risks .  opportunities

Score 0.446
kg munich siemens middle east services lp gmbh munich siemens mobility gmbh munich siemens mobility real estate gmbh co.  kg grnwald siemens mobility real estate management gmbh grnwald siemens nixdorf informationssysteme gmbh grnwald siemens officecenter frankfurt gmbh co.  kg grnwald siemens officecenter verwaltungs gmbh grnwald siemens private finance versicherungsvermittlungsgesellschaft mbh munich siemens project ventures gmbh erlangen siemens real estate consulting gmbh co.  kg munich siemens real estate consulting management gmbh grnwald siemens real estate gmbh co.  kg kemnath siemens real estate management gmbh kemnath siemens technology accelerator gmbh munich siemens technopark nrnberg gmbh co

Score 0.445
due to the low probability and the character of a contingent liability no tax liability was recognized.  note trade and other receivables sep in millions of trade receivables from the sale of goods and services receivables from finance leases in fiscal and the longterm portion of receivables from finance leases is reported in other financial assets amounting to million and million respectively.  future minimum lease payments to be received are as follows sep in millions of within one year after one year but not more than two years after two years but not more than three years after three years but not more than four years after four years but not more than five years more than five years consolidated financial statements future minimum lease payments reconcile to the net investment in the lease as follows sep in millions of future minimum lease payments less unearned finance income relating to future minimum lease payments present value of future minimum lease payments plus present value of unguaranteed residual value net investment in the lease investments in finance leases primarily relate to industrial machinery medical equipment transportation systems equipment for information technology and office machines.  in fiscal and finance income on the net investment in the lease is million and million.  note other current financial assets sep in millions of loans receivable interestbearing debt securities derivative financial instruments other note contract assets and liabilities as of september and amounts expected to be settled after twelve months are million and million for contract assets and million and million for contract liabilities respectively

Score 0.445
and v services for energyefficient building technologies ccm .  both related to smart infrastructure businesses.  the difference between taxonomyeligible revenue and taxonomyaligned revenue is mainly due to dnsh criteria related to pollution prevention as part of appendix c which go beyond existing national regulation.  this is mainly because additionally required documentation is not completely available yet.  capital expenditures kpi the capex kpi shows the ratio of capex from taxonomyeligible andor aligned economic activities to the total capex reflecting additions including additions from business combinations to other intangible assets and property plant and equipment in accordance with note to the consolidated financial statements

Score 0.444
related to siemens real estate portfolio represents the largest portion in overall capex eligibility.  the difference between taxonomyeligible capex and taxonomyaligned capex is impacted by i only partial availability of information on energy performance certificates for our global portfolio and ii energy certificates below the required threshold defined in the substantial contribution criteria for the energy efficiency of buildings.  operating expenditures kpi the opex kpi shows the ratio of opex from taxonomyeligible andor aligned economic activities to total opex.  the total opex comprises direct noncapitalized costs related to research and development building renovation measures shortterm leases maintenance and repairs and any other direct expenditures relating to the daytoday servicing of assets of property plant and equipment per annex i of the commission delegated regulation eu .  accordingly

Score 0.443
ltd.  hawthorn east australia siemens industry software pty ltd bayswater australia siemens ltd.  bayswater australia siemens mobility pty ltd melbourne australia siemens rail automation pty.  ltd.  bayswater australia varian medical systems australasia pty ltd

Score 0.443
.  y y y y y y .  e acquisition and ownership of buildings .  .  y y y y y y

Score 0.442
there can be no assurance that contracts and projects in particular those with longterm duration and fixedprice calculation can be completed profitably.  to tackle those risks we established a global project management organization to systematically improve the technical and commercial capabilities of our project management personnel.  for complex projects we conduct dedicated risk assessments in very early stages of the sales phase before we decide to hand over a binding offer to our customers.  .

Score 0.439
the aligned capex is composed as follows a majority of .  billion is related to additions to property plant and equipment the remainder pertains to internally generated intangible assets and capitalized rightofuse assets.  this aligned capex includes million related to a capex plan associated with building projects to be finalized by fiscal summing up to a planned total volume of .  billion capitalizable and noncapitalizable costs.  the buildings are designed to minimize energy use and carbon emissions ccm

Score 0.439
hawthorn east australia siemens industry software pty ltd bayswater australia siemens ltd.  bayswater australia siemens mobility pty ltd melbourne australia siemens rail automation pty.  ltd.  bayswater australia varian medical systems australasia pty ltd.  belrose australia siemens healthcare ltd

Score 0.438
.  infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport .  .  renovation of existing buildings .

Score 0.438
the provisions are for incurred and reported insurance losses as well as for incurred hence not yet reported insurance losses as of fiscal yearend.  the provision is determined using actuarial standard valuation methodologies which are parameterized based on historical loss data.  life reinsurance contracts have an average term of years whereas the cash outflows for the industrial business reinsurance contracts are expected within the next five years.  other also includes provisions for legal proceedings as far as the risks that are subject to such legal proceedings are not already covered by project accounting.  provisions for legal proceedings amounted to million and million as of september and respectively

Score 0.438
we also tested controls addressing the timely assessment of changes in cost estimates the timely and complete recognition of such changes in the project calculation as well as their accounting treatment.  as part of our substantive audit procedures which particularly involved project reviews we evaluated managements estimates and assumptions based on a riskbased selection of a sample of contracts.  our sample primarily included projects that are subject to significant future uncertainties and risks such as projects with complex safetytechnical and regulatory requirements or projects with a large portion of materials and services to be provided by suppliers or consortium partners fixedprice or turnkey projects crossborder projects and projects with changes in cost estimates delays andor low or negative margins.  our audit procedures included among others review of the contracts and their terms and conditions including contractually agreed partial deliveries and services termination rights penalties for delay and breach of contract liquidated damages as well as joint and several liability.  in order to evaluate whether revenues were recognized on an accrual basis for the selected projects we analyzed revenues attributable to the fiscal year and corresponding cost of sales to be recognized in the statement of income considering the extent of progress towards completion and examined the accounting for the associated items in the statement of financial position

Score 0.437
e manufacture of energy efficiency equipment for buildings .  .  y y y y y y .  e manufacture of other low carbon technologies .

Score 0.436
ltd.  yangzhong china zhi dao railway equipment ltd.  taiyuan china bangalore international airport ltd.  bangalore india greenko sironj wind power private limited new delhi india happzee technologies private limited hyderabad india pune it city metro rail limited pune india sunsole renewables private limited mumbai india p. t

Score 0.436
.  installation maintenance and repair of energy efficiency equipment .  .  installation maintenance and repair of charging stations for electric vehicles in buildings and parking spaces attached to buildings .

Score 0.435
severance charges were million up from million a year earlier.  at the end of fiscal smart infrastructures order backlog was billion of which billion are expected to be converted into revenue in fiscal .  overall markets served by smart infrastructure grew clearly in fiscal .  market dynamics were influenced by a further recovery from covidrelated effects easing of supply chain and logistics constraints which resulted in shorter lead times for order fulfillment strong price inflation and effects from the war in ukraine.  furthermore rising interest rates burdened building construction markets

Score 0.434
ltd.  sydney australia exemplar health nbh pty limited bayswater australia exemplar health nbh holdings pty limited bayswater australia exemplar health nbh trust bayswater australia innomotics pty ltd bayswater australia project ventures rail investments smwsa pty ltd bayswater australia siemens healthcare pty.  ltd.  hawthorn east australia siemens industry software pty ltd bayswater australia siemens ltd.  bayswater australia siemens mobility pty ltd melbourne australia siemens rail automation pty

Score 0.434
we believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinions on the consolidated financial statements and on the group management report.  key audit matters in the audit of the consolidated financial statements key audit matters are those matters that in our professional judgment were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year from october to september .  these matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole and in forming our opinion thereon we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.  below we describe what we consider to be the key audit matters revenue recognition on constructiontype contracts reasons why the matter was determined to be a key audit matter the group conducts a significant portion of its business under constructiontype contracts particularly in the mobility business.  revenue from longterm constructiontype contracts is recognized in accordance with ifrs revenue from contracts with customers generally over time under the percentageofcompletion method

Score 0.434
.  manufacture of energy efficiency equipment for buildings .  .  manufacture of other low carbon technologies .

Score 0.432
contract assets contract liabilities receivables when either party to a contract with customers has performed siemens presents a contract asset a contract liability or a receivable depending on the relationship between siemens performance and the customers payment.  contract assets and liabilities are presented as current since incurred in the normal operating cycle.  receivables are recognized when the right to consideration becomes unconditional.  valuation allowances for credit risks are made for contract assets and receivables in accordance with the accounting policy for financial assets measured at amortized cost.  inventories inventories are valued at the lower of acquisition or production costs and net realizable value costs being generally determined based on an average or firstin firstout method

Score 0.432
kg munich siemens real estate consulting management gmbh grnwald siemens real estate gmbh co.  kg kemnath siemens real estate management gmbh kemnath siemens technology accelerator gmbh munich siemens technopark nrnberg gmbh co.  kg grnwald siemens traction gears gmbh penig siemens trademark gmbh co.  kg kemnath siemens trademark management gmbh kemnath siemens treasury gmbh munich siemensfonds c munich siemensfonds pension captive munich siemensfonds s munich siemensfonds s munich siemensstadt c gmbh co.  kg grnwald siemensstadt c verwaltungs gmbh grnwald siemensstadt cx gmbh co

Score 0.431
kg grnwald siemens mobility real estate management gmbh grnwald siemens nixdorf informationssysteme gmbh grnwald siemens officecenter frankfurt gmbh co.  kg grnwald siemens officecenter verwaltungs gmbh grnwald siemens private finance versicherungsvermittlungsgesellschaft mbh munich siemens project ventures gmbh erlangen siemens real estate consulting gmbh co.  kg munich siemens real estate consulting management gmbh grnwald siemens real estate gmbh co.  kg kemnath siemens real estate management gmbh kemnath siemens technology accelerator gmbh munich siemens technopark nrnberg gmbh co.  kg grnwald siemens traction gears gmbh penig siemens trademark gmbh co

Score 0.429
these response measures have to be specifically tailored to allow for effective risk management.  accordingly we have developed a variety of response measures with different characteristics.  for example we mitigate the risk of fluctuations in currency and interest rates by engaging in hedging activities.  regarding our projects systematic and comprehensive project management with standardized project milestones including provisional acceptances during project execution and complemented by clearly defined approval processes assists us in identifying and responding to project risks at an early stage even before the bidding phase.  furthermore we maintain appropriate insurance levels for potential cases of damage and liability risks in order to reduce our exposure to such risks and to avoid or minimize potential losses

Score 0.429
ltd.  shanghai pilot free trade zone china innomotics mechanical drives tianjin co.  ltd.  tianjin china scion medical technologies shanghai ltd.  shanghai china siemens building technologies tianjin ltd

Score 0.428
.  y y y y y y .  e manufacture of energy efficiency equipment for buildings .  .  y y y y y y

Score 0.428
note other current liabilities sep in millions of liabilities to personnel deferred income accruals for pending invoices other in fiscal and other includes miscellaneous tax liabilities of million and million respectively as well as various accruals of million and million respectively. note debt current debt noncurrent debt sep sep sep sep in millions of notes and bonds loans from banks other financial indebtedness lease liabilities total debt in fiscal and siemens recognized interest expenses on lease liabilities of million and million and expenses relating to variable lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities of million and million respectively.  in fiscal and cash flows to which siemens is potentially exposed and which are not reflected in the measurement of lease liabilities relate primarily to lease contracts entered into however which have not yet commenced as well as to extension options whose exercise is not yet reasonably certain totaling .  billion and .  billion respectively and in addition to variable lease payments mainly relating to incidental and operating costs for buildings leased by siemens

Score 0.427
e professional services related to energy performance of buildings .  .  y y y y y y .  e capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.

Score 0.426
.  installation maintenance and repair of charging stations for electric vehicles in buildings and parking spaces attached to buildings .  .  installation maintenance and repair of instruments and devices for measuring regulation and controlling energy performance of buildings .

Score 0.426
in fiscal and finance income on the net investment in the lease is million and million.  note other current financial assets sep in millions of loans receivable interestbearing debt securities derivative financial instruments other note contract assets and liabilities as of september and amounts expected to be settled after twelve months are million and million for contract assets and million and million for contract liabilities respectively.  in fiscal and revenue includes million and million respectively which was included in contract liabilities at the beginning of the fiscal year.  note inventories and other current assets inventories sep in millions of raw materials and supplies work in progress finished goods and products held for resale advances to suppliers cost of sales includes inventories recognized as expense amounting to million and million respectively in fiscal and .  compared to prior year writedowns increased by million in fiscal

Score 0.424
sydney australia exemplar health nbh pty limited bayswater australia exemplar health nbh holdings pty limited bayswater australia exemplar health nbh trust bayswater australia innomotics pty ltd bayswater australia project ventures rail investments smwsa pty ltd bayswater australia siemens healthcare pty.  ltd.  hawthorn east australia siemens industry software pty ltd bayswater australia siemens ltd.  bayswater australia siemens mobility pty ltd melbourne australia siemens rail automation pty.  ltd

Score 0.424
the following useful lives are assumed factory and office buildings to years other buildings to years technical machinery equipment generally years office other equipment generally years equipment leased to others generally to years impairment of property plant and equipment and other intangible assets the company reviews property plant and equipment and other intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.  in addition intangible assets not yet available for use are subject to an annual impairment test.  impairment testing of property plant and equipment and other intangible assets involves the use of estimates in determining the assets recoverable amount which can have a material impact on the respective values and ultimately the amount of any impairment.  leases a contract is or contains a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.  further information on leases can be found in notes and

Score 0.424
ltd.  singapore singapore innomotics pte.  ltd.  singapore singapore siemens electronic design automation pte.  ltd