Scores_h_TRANSPORTATION AND STORAGEScore 0.684
.  transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles .  .  infrastructure for rail transport .

Score 0.641
e transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles .  .  y y y y y y .  t infrastructure for rail transport .

Score 0.613
within its rolling stock business its offerings encompass vehicles and selected components for urban and regional transport such as metro systems trams and light rail and commuter trains as well as trains and passenger coaches for intercity and longdistance services such as highspeed rail.  rolling stock offerings furthermore include locomotives and solutions for automated transportation such as automated people movers.  offerings in its rail infrastructure business include products and solutions for rail automation such as automatic train control systems interlocking operations control and telematic systems digital station solutions and railway communication systems signaling onboard and signaling crossing products and yard and depot solutions and for electrification such as ac and dc traction power supply contact lines and network control.  with its service business mobility provides maintenance and digital services among others for rolling stock and rail infrastructure throughout the entire lifecycle.  in its turnkey business it bundles consulting planning financing construction service and operation of complete mobility systems

Score 0.595
.  y y y y y y .  e transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles .  .  y y y y y y

Score 0.591
t infrastructure for rail transport .  .  y y y y y y .  e infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport .

Score 0.587
infrastructure for rail transport .  .  infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport .  .  construction of new buildings

Score 0.585
y y y y y y .  e transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles .  .  y y y y y y .  t infrastructure for rail transport

Score 0.585
.  infrastructure for rail transport .  .  infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport .

Score 0.575
transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles .  .  infrastructure for rail transport .  .  infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport

Score 0.561
.  y y y y y y .  e infrastructure for rail transport .  .  y y y y y y

Score 0.555
.  y y y y y y .  t infrastructure for rail transport .  .  y y y y y y

Score 0.552
ii rail transportation infrastructure ccm .  iii infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport ccm .  all associated with mobility businesses as well as iv energyefficient building technologies ccm .  and v services for energyefficient building technologies ccm .  both related to smart infrastructure businesses

Score 0.55
transmission and distribution of electricity .  .  transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles .  .  infrastructure for rail transport

Score 0.547
infrastructure for rail transport .  .  infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport .  .  renovation of existing buildings

Score 0.541
y y y y y y .  t infrastructure for rail transport .  .  y y y y y y .  e infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport

Score 0.541
transmission and distribution of electricity .  .  infrastructure for rail transport .  .  infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport

Score 0.534
offerings in its rail infrastructure business include products and solutions for rail automation such as automatic train control systems interlocking operations control and telematic systems digital station solutions and railway communication systems signaling onboard and signaling crossing products and yard and depot solutions and for electrification such as ac and dc traction power supply contact lines and network control.  with its service business mobility provides maintenance and digital services among others for rolling stock and rail infrastructure throughout the entire lifecycle.  in its turnkey business it bundles consulting planning financing construction service and operation of complete mobility systems.  mobilitys software business comprises train planning systems trip planning mobile ticketing mobility as a service maas platforms ondemand transportation and fleet management data analytics and inventory and reservation management.  mobility sells its products systems and solutions through its worldwide network of sales and execution units

Score 0.532
e infrastructure for rail transport .  .  y y y y y y .  e infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport .

Score 0.529
iii infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport ccm .  all associated with mobility businesses as well as iv energyefficient building technologies ccm .  and v services for energyefficient building technologies ccm .  both related to smart infrastructure businesses.  the difference between taxonomyeligible revenue and taxonomyaligned revenue is mainly due to dnsh criteria related to pollution prevention as part of appendix c which go beyond existing national regulation

Score 0.528
overall market development in fiscal is expected to continue to be influenced by rebalancing of supply chains trade conflicts and effects from geopolitical tensions.  .  mobility mobility combines all siemens businesses in the area of rail passenger and rail freight transportation.  within its rolling stock business its offerings encompass vehicles and selected components for urban and regional transport such as metro systems trams and light rail and commuter trains as well as trains and passenger coaches for intercity and longdistance services such as highspeed rail.  rolling stock offerings furthermore include locomotives and solutions for automated transportation such as automated people movers

Score 0.527
y y y y y y .  e infrastructure for rail transport .  .  y y y y y y .  e infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport

Score 0.526
mobility mobility combines all siemens businesses in the area of rail passenger and rail freight transportation.  within its rolling stock business its offerings encompass vehicles and selected components for urban and regional transport such as metro systems trams and light rail and commuter trains as well as trains and passenger coaches for intercity and longdistance services such as highspeed rail.  rolling stock offerings furthermore include locomotives and solutions for automated transportation such as automated people movers.  offerings in its rail infrastructure business include products and solutions for rail automation such as automatic train control systems interlocking operations control and telematic systems digital station solutions and railway communication systems signaling onboard and signaling crossing products and yard and depot solutions and for electrification such as ac and dc traction power supply contact lines and network control.  with its service business mobility provides maintenance and digital services among others for rolling stock and rail infrastructure throughout the entire lifecycle

Score 0.526
.  transmission and distribution of electricity .  .  infrastructure for rail transport .

Score 0.525
for fiscal markets served by mobility are expected to grow clearly benefiting from the abovementioned trends and with all reporting regions contributing to growth.  market expansion is expected to be supported by a large number of public investment programs.  mobility anticipates that rail operators in europe particularly in germany and in the u. k.  will continue making significant investments in rolling stock and advanced rail infrastructure solutions and that customers in the middle east and africa will tender large turnkey projects especially in north africa and the middle east such as in in egypt saudi arabia and the united arab emirates

Score 0.523
with its service business mobility provides maintenance and digital services among others for rolling stock and rail infrastructure throughout the entire lifecycle.  in its turnkey business it bundles consulting planning financing construction service and operation of complete mobility systems.  mobilitys software business comprises train planning systems trip planning mobile ticketing mobility as a service maas platforms ondemand transportation and fleet management data analytics and inventory and reservation management.  mobility sells its products systems and solutions through its worldwide network of sales and execution units.  the principal customers of mobility are public and stateowned companies in the transportation and logistics sectors so its markets are driven primarily by public spending

Score 0.522
infrastructure for rail transport .  .  infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport .  .  installation maintenance and repair of energy efficiency equipment

Score 0.52
rolling stock offerings furthermore include locomotives and solutions for automated transportation such as automated people movers.  offerings in its rail infrastructure business include products and solutions for rail automation such as automatic train control systems interlocking operations control and telematic systems digital station solutions and railway communication systems signaling onboard and signaling crossing products and yard and depot solutions and for electrification such as ac and dc traction power supply contact lines and network control.  with its service business mobility provides maintenance and digital services among others for rolling stock and rail infrastructure throughout the entire lifecycle.  in its turnkey business it bundles consulting planning financing construction service and operation of complete mobility systems.  mobilitys software business comprises train planning systems trip planning mobile ticketing mobility as a service maas platforms ondemand transportation and fleet management data analytics and inventory and reservation management

Score 0.518
.  mobility mobility combines all siemens businesses in the area of rail passenger and rail freight transportation.  within its rolling stock business its offerings encompass vehicles and selected components for urban and regional transport such as metro systems trams and light rail and commuter trains as well as trains and passenger coaches for intercity and longdistance services such as highspeed rail.  rolling stock offerings furthermore include locomotives and solutions for automated transportation such as automated people movers.  offerings in its rail infrastructure business include products and solutions for rail automation such as automatic train control systems interlocking operations control and telematic systems digital station solutions and railway communication systems signaling onboard and signaling crossing products and yard and depot solutions and for electrification such as ac and dc traction power supply contact lines and network control

Score 0.515
.  transmission and distribution of electricity .  .  transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles .

Score 0.507
e transmission and distribution of electricity .  .  y y y y y y .  e infrastructure for rail transport .

Score 0.498
mobility anticipates that rail operators in europe particularly in germany and in the u. k.  will continue making significant investments in rolling stock and advanced rail infrastructure solutions and that customers in the middle east and africa will tender large turnkey projects especially in north africa and the middle east such as in in egypt saudi arabia and the united arab emirates.  markets in the u. s

Score 0.497
mobilitys major rd areas include the development of efficient vehicle platforms with optimized lifecycle cost ecofriendly alternative power supplies for trains the railigent x open application suite for maintenance of rail assets smart connected products the distributed smart safe system ds which allows for hardwareindependent and cloudenabled signaling automatic train operation for european train control system etcs safe artificial intelligence for driverless trains airfree brake systems g for wirelessbased activities the mobility software suite x for operators and passengers and cyber security.  mobilitys investments focus mainly on maintaining or enhancing its production facilities on meeting project demands and on enhancing its depot services.  combined management report fiscal year change in millions of actual comp.  orders revenue therein service business profit profit margin .

Score 0.494
g.  trade payables to derive assets.  in contrast assets of sfs is total assets.  in individual cases assets of mobility include projectspecific intercompany financing of longterm projects.  assets of siemens healthineers include real estate while real estate of all other segments is carried at sre

Score 0.494
mobilitys investments focus mainly on maintaining or enhancing its production facilities on meeting project demands and on enhancing its depot services.  combined management report fiscal year change in millions of actual comp.  orders revenue therein service business profit profit margin .  .  order intake at mobility exceeded the record level a year earlier on sharply higher volume from large orders

Score 0.491
the majority of eligible andor aligned expenditures relate to processes and assets associated with the economic activities described for the revenue kpi i manufacture of low carbon technologies for transport ccm .  and ii rail transportation infrastructure ccm . .  these two activities account for half of eligible opex and the majority of aligned opex.  this aligned opex includes million related to a capex plan associated with building projects to be finalized by fiscal summing up to a planned total volume of

Score 0.491
e infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport .  .  y y y y y y .  e infrastructure enabling low carbon water transport .

Score 0.491
the remaining assets are reduced by noninterestbearing liabilities other than tax related liabilities e. g.  trade payables to derive assets.  in contrast assets of sfs is total assets.  in individual cases assets of mobility include projectspecific intercompany financing of longterm projects

Score 0.491
project acceptance documentation contractual terms and conditions and lawyers confirmations regarding alleged breaches of contract and asserted claims and inspected the status of projects at plant sites.  due to the large contract volume and risk profile our audit procedures focused on large contracts for delivery of highspeed and commuter trains.  our audit procedures did not lead to any reservations relating to revenue recognition on constructiontype contracts.  reference to related disclosures with regard to the recognition and measurement policies applied in accounting for constructiontype contracts refer to note material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.  with respect to contract assets and liabilities as well as provisions for order related losses and risks refer to note contract assets and liabilities note provisions and note commitments and contingencies in the notes to the consolidated financial statements

Score 0.488
while growth is expected to be weak in residential and commercial building markets and in some industrial markets continued robust demand is expected for data centers and power distribution.  overall market development in fiscal is expected to continue to be influenced by rebalancing of supply chains trade conflicts and effects from geopolitical tensions.  .  mobility mobility combines all siemens businesses in the area of rail passenger and rail freight transportation.  within its rolling stock business its offerings encompass vehicles and selected components for urban and regional transport such as metro systems trams and light rail and commuter trains as well as trains and passenger coaches for intercity and longdistance services such as highspeed rail

Score 0.487
.  infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport .  .  construction of new buildings .

Score 0.486
the market for rolling stock included large orders for highspeed trains commuter trains and locomotives in europe india and egypt.  growth in north america included major investments in new and existing fleets especially for urban transport.  growth in the rail infrastructure market was driven mainly by digitalization deployment of etcs technology and track electrification for example with projects in europe and asia.  for fiscal markets served by mobility are expected to grow clearly benefiting from the abovementioned trends and with all reporting regions contributing to growth.  market expansion is expected to be supported by a large number of public investment programs

Score 0.486
g.  project acceptance documentation contractual terms and conditions and lawyers confirmations regarding alleged breaches of contract and asserted claims and inspected the status of projects at plant sites.  due to the large contract volume and risk profile our audit procedures focused on large contracts for delivery of highspeed and commuter trains.  our audit procedures did not lead to any reservations relating to revenue recognition on constructiontype contracts.  reference to related disclosures with regard to the recognition and measurement policies applied in accounting for constructiontype contracts refer to note material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates in the notes to the consolidated financial statements

Score 0.485
note trade and other receivables sep in millions of trade receivables from the sale of goods and services receivables from finance leases in fiscal and the longterm portion of receivables from finance leases is reported in other financial assets amounting to million and million respectively.  future minimum lease payments to be received are as follows sep in millions of within one year after one year but not more than two years after two years but not more than three years after three years but not more than four years after four years but not more than five years more than five years consolidated financial statements future minimum lease payments reconcile to the net investment in the lease as follows sep in millions of future minimum lease payments less unearned finance income relating to future minimum lease payments present value of future minimum lease payments plus present value of unguaranteed residual value net investment in the lease investments in finance leases primarily relate to industrial machinery medical equipment transportation systems equipment for information technology and office machines.  in fiscal and finance income on the net investment in the lease is million and million.  note other current financial assets sep in millions of loans receivable interestbearing debt securities derivative financial instruments other note contract assets and liabilities as of september and amounts expected to be settled after twelve months are million and million for contract assets and million and million for contract liabilities respectively.  in fiscal and revenue includes million and million respectively which was included in contract liabilities at the beginning of the fiscal year

Score 0.482
mobilitys software business comprises train planning systems trip planning mobile ticketing mobility as a service maas platforms ondemand transportation and fleet management data analytics and inventory and reservation management.  mobility sells its products systems and solutions through its worldwide network of sales and execution units.  the principal customers of mobility are public and stateowned companies in the transportation and logistics sectors so its markets are driven primarily by public spending.  customers usually have multiyear planning and implementation horizons and their contract tenders therefore tend to be independent of shortterm economic trends.  large contracts in the rolling stock and the rail infrastructure business are often awarded together with service contracts which start to generate revenue only after the respective products and solutions have been put in operation which can be a number of years after the contract award

Score 0.482
in its turnkey business it bundles consulting planning financing construction service and operation of complete mobility systems.  mobilitys software business comprises train planning systems trip planning mobile ticketing mobility as a service maas platforms ondemand transportation and fleet management data analytics and inventory and reservation management.  mobility sells its products systems and solutions through its worldwide network of sales and execution units.  the principal customers of mobility are public and stateowned companies in the transportation and logistics sectors so its markets are driven primarily by public spending.  customers usually have multiyear planning and implementation horizons and their contract tenders therefore tend to be independent of shortterm economic trends

Score 0.478
market expansion is expected to be supported by a large number of public investment programs.  mobility anticipates that rail operators in europe particularly in germany and in the u. k.  will continue making significant investments in rolling stock and advanced rail infrastructure solutions and that customers in the middle east and africa will tender large turnkey projects especially in north africa and the middle east such as in in egypt saudi arabia and the united arab emirates.  markets in the u

Score 0.478
thereby mobility accelerates the pace and impact of digital innovation which in turn benefits owners operators and customers of rail transport.  mobilitys major rd areas include the development of efficient vehicle platforms with optimized lifecycle cost ecofriendly alternative power supplies for trains the railigent x open application suite for maintenance of rail assets smart connected products the distributed smart safe system ds which allows for hardwareindependent and cloudenabled signaling automatic train operation for european train control system etcs safe artificial intelligence for driverless trains airfree brake systems g for wirelessbased activities the mobility software suite x for operators and passengers and cyber security.  mobilitys investments focus mainly on maintaining or enhancing its production facilities on meeting project demands and on enhancing its depot services.  combined management report fiscal year change in millions of actual comp.  orders revenue therein service business profit profit margin

Score 0.475
singapore singapore siemens logistics pte.  ltd.  singapore singapore siemens mobility pte.  ltd.  singapore singapore siemens pte

Score 0.475
.  billion were aligned.  the majority of eligible andor aligned expenditures relate to processes and assets associated with the economic activities described for the revenue kpi i manufacture of low carbon technologies for transport ccm .  and ii rail transportation infrastructure ccm .

Score 0.473
growth in the rail infrastructure market was driven mainly by digitalization deployment of etcs technology and track electrification for example with projects in europe and asia.  for fiscal markets served by mobility are expected to grow clearly benefiting from the abovementioned trends and with all reporting regions contributing to growth.  market expansion is expected to be supported by a large number of public investment programs.  mobility anticipates that rail operators in europe particularly in germany and in the u. k

Score 0.471
trade payables to derive assets.  in contrast assets of sfs is total assets.  in individual cases assets of mobility include projectspecific intercompany financing of longterm projects.  assets of siemens healthineers include real estate while real estate of all other segments is carried at sre.  orders orders are determined principally as estimated revenue of accepted purchase orders for which enforceable rights and obligations exist as well as subsequent order value changes and adjustments excluding letters of intent

Score 0.468
large contracts in the rolling stock and the rail infrastructure business are often awarded together with service contracts which start to generate revenue only after the respective products and solutions have been put in operation which can be a number of years after the contract award.  mobilitys principal competitors are multinational companies.  consolidation among mobilitys competitors is continuing and may lead to increased competitive pressure within the rail transport industry and also to fewer sourcing options for rail customers.  the main trends driving mobilitys markets are urbanization decarbonization and digitalization.  increasing populations in urban centers need daily mobility that is simpler faster and more flexible reliable and affordable

Score 0.466
.  infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport .  .  installation maintenance and repair of energy efficiency equipment .

Score 0.466
billion were aligned.  the majority of eligible andor aligned expenditures relate to processes and assets associated with the economic activities described for the revenue kpi i manufacture of low carbon technologies for transport ccm .  and ii rail transportation infrastructure ccm . .  these two activities account for half of eligible opex and the majority of aligned opex

Score 0.464
.  infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport .  .  renovation of existing buildings .

Score 0.464
overall trends towards urbanization decarbonization and digitalization persist and many countries have been allocating significant funds to rail and public transport operators to address these trends.  mobilitys rd strategy is focused on reducing lifecycle costs of rail infrastructure and rolling stock securing system availability increasing network capacity of rail infrastructure optimizing the processes of rail operators and improving passenger experience.  with siemens xcelerator mobility intends to make software more modular and increasingly move it to the cloud.  at the same time mobility intends to enhance connectivity of hardware and software and provide open application programming interfaces.  thereby mobility accelerates the pace and impact of digital innovation which in turn benefits owners operators and customers of rail transport

Score 0.463
egypt and india among others.  the market for rolling stock included large orders for highspeed trains commuter trains and locomotives in europe india and egypt.  growth in north america included major investments in new and existing fleets especially for urban transport.  growth in the rail infrastructure market was driven mainly by digitalization deployment of etcs technology and track electrification for example with projects in europe and asia.  for fiscal markets served by mobility are expected to grow clearly benefiting from the abovementioned trends and with all reporting regions contributing to growth

Score 0.461
growth in north america included major investments in new and existing fleets especially for urban transport.  growth in the rail infrastructure market was driven mainly by digitalization deployment of etcs technology and track electrification for example with projects in europe and asia.  for fiscal markets served by mobility are expected to grow clearly benefiting from the abovementioned trends and with all reporting regions contributing to growth.  market expansion is expected to be supported by a large number of public investment programs.  mobility anticipates that rail operators in europe particularly in germany and in the u

Score 0.46
y y y y y y .  e transmission and distribution of electricity .  .  y y y y y y .  e infrastructure for rail transport

Score 0.46
billion in taxonomyeligible revenue and .  billion in aligned revenue.  taxonomyeligible and aligned economic activities were primarily driven by the i manufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport climate change mitigation ccm .  ii rail transportation infrastructure ccm .  iii infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport ccm

Score 0.459
will continue making significant investments in rolling stock and advanced rail infrastructure solutions and that customers in the middle east and africa will tender large turnkey projects especially in north africa and the middle east such as in in egypt saudi arabia and the united arab emirates.  markets in the u. s.  are expected to remain strong especially due to ongoing investments in rolling stock particularly for mainline and light rail transport within the infrastructure market demand is expected to continue for mass transit including communicationsbased train control technology and from a developing market for rail freight solutions.  in asia markets in india are expected to grow strongly with investments in mainline transport highspeed trains freight infrastructure rolling stock fleet renewals and expansions of large commuter rail and locomotive tenders urban metros and rail electrification driving growth

Score 0.458
is currently not excluded from participating in public tenders. note additional disclosures on financial instruments the following table discloses the carrying amounts of each category of financial assets and financial liabilities sep in millions of loans receivables and other debt instruments measured at amortized cost cash and cash equivalents derivatives designated in a hedge accounting relationship financial assets mandatorily measured at fvtpl financial assets designated as measured at fvtpl equity instruments measured at fvoci financial assets financial liabilities measured at amortized cost derivatives not designated in a hedge accounting relationship derivatives designated in a hedge accounting relationship financial liabilities reported in the following line items of the statements of financial position as of september and respectively trade and other receivables other current financial assets and other financial assets except for separately disclosed million and million equity instruments in other financial assets thereof million and million at fvoci million and million financial assets designated as measured at fvtpl and million and million derivative financial instruments thereof in other financial assets million and million as well as million and million debt instruments measured at fvtpl in other financial assets.  includes million and million trade receivables from the sale of goods and services thereof million and million with a term of more than twelve months as of september and .  reported in line items other current financial assets and other financial assets.  reported in other financial assets

Score 0.457
infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport .  .  construction of new buildings .  .  renovation of existing buildings

Score 0.456
the pressure on mobility providers to meet all these needs is expected to rise continuously.  furthermore improving availability connectivity and sustainability of rail infrastructures increasingly requires digital solutions which generates growth opportunities for providers of such solutions.  iot systems and new softwarebased solutions such as maas are expected to become major growth enablers for the rail industry.  overall trends towards urbanization decarbonization and digitalization persist and many countries have been allocating significant funds to rail and public transport operators to address these trends.  mobilitys rd strategy is focused on reducing lifecycle costs of rail infrastructure and rolling stock securing system availability increasing network capacity of rail infrastructure optimizing the processes of rail operators and improving passenger experience

Score 0.456
in individual cases free cash flow of mobility includes projectspecific intercompany financing of longterm projects.  amortization depreciation and impairments amortization depreciation and impairments includes depreciation and impairments of property plant and equipment as well as amortization and impairments of intangible assets each net of reversals of impairment.  measurement poc and siemens real estate poc follows the measurement principles of the segments except for sfs.  siemens real estate applies the measurement principles of sfs.  additional segment information the orderly wind down of business activities in russia resulted in losses in profit of mobility of

Score 0.456
e transmission and distribution of electricity .  .  y y y y y y .  e transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles .

Score 0.453
mobility sells its products systems and solutions through its worldwide network of sales and execution units.  the principal customers of mobility are public and stateowned companies in the transportation and logistics sectors so its markets are driven primarily by public spending.  customers usually have multiyear planning and implementation horizons and their contract tenders therefore tend to be independent of shortterm economic trends.  large contracts in the rolling stock and the rail infrastructure business are often awarded together with service contracts which start to generate revenue only after the respective products and solutions have been put in operation which can be a number of years after the contract award.  mobilitys principal competitors are multinational companies

Score 0.453
taxonomyeligible and aligned economic activities were primarily driven by the i manufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport climate change mitigation ccm .  ii rail transportation infrastructure ccm .  iii infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport ccm .  all associated with mobility businesses as well as iv energyefficient building technologies ccm .  and v services for energyefficient building technologies ccm

Score 0.452
the facilities are for general corporate purposes.  consolidated financial statements notes and bonds sep sep interestissuedmaturity currency notional amount in millions carrying amount in millions of currency notional amount in millions carrying amount in millions of . september gbp fixedrate instruments . september gbp fixedrate instruments . march eur fixedrate instruments

Score 0.451
future minimum lease payments to be received are as follows sep in millions of within one year after one year but not more than two years after two years but not more than three years after three years but not more than four years after four years but not more than five years more than five years consolidated financial statements future minimum lease payments reconcile to the net investment in the lease as follows sep in millions of future minimum lease payments less unearned finance income relating to future minimum lease payments present value of future minimum lease payments plus present value of unguaranteed residual value net investment in the lease investments in finance leases primarily relate to industrial machinery medical equipment transportation systems equipment for information technology and office machines.  in fiscal and finance income on the net investment in the lease is million and million.  note other current financial assets sep in millions of loans receivable interestbearing debt securities derivative financial instruments other note contract assets and liabilities as of september and amounts expected to be settled after twelve months are million and million for contract assets and million and million for contract liabilities respectively.  in fiscal and revenue includes million and million respectively which was included in contract liabilities at the beginning of the fiscal year.  note inventories and other current assets inventories sep in millions of raw materials and supplies work in progress finished goods and products held for resale advances to suppliers cost of sales includes inventories recognized as expense amounting to million and million respectively in fiscal and

Score 0.45
v.  mexico city mexico siemens logistics s.  de r. l.  de c

Score 0.45
the principal customers of mobility are public and stateowned companies in the transportation and logistics sectors so its markets are driven primarily by public spending.  customers usually have multiyear planning and implementation horizons and their contract tenders therefore tend to be independent of shortterm economic trends.  large contracts in the rolling stock and the rail infrastructure business are often awarded together with service contracts which start to generate revenue only after the respective products and solutions have been put in operation which can be a number of years after the contract award.  mobilitys principal competitors are multinational companies.  consolidation among mobilitys competitors is continuing and may lead to increased competitive pressure within the rail transport industry and also to fewer sourcing options for rail customers

Score 0.449
billion in aligned revenue.  taxonomyeligible and aligned economic activities were primarily driven by the i manufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport climate change mitigation ccm .  ii rail transportation infrastructure ccm .  iii infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport ccm .  all associated with mobility businesses as well as iv energyefficient building technologies ccm

Score 0.446
.  y y y y y y .  e infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport .  .  y y y y y y

Score 0.444
at the same time mobility intends to enhance connectivity of hardware and software and provide open application programming interfaces.  thereby mobility accelerates the pace and impact of digital innovation which in turn benefits owners operators and customers of rail transport.  mobilitys major rd areas include the development of efficient vehicle platforms with optimized lifecycle cost ecofriendly alternative power supplies for trains the railigent x open application suite for maintenance of rail assets smart connected products the distributed smart safe system ds which allows for hardwareindependent and cloudenabled signaling automatic train operation for european train control system etcs safe artificial intelligence for driverless trains airfree brake systems g for wirelessbased activities the mobility software suite x for operators and passengers and cyber security.  mobilitys investments focus mainly on maintaining or enhancing its production facilities on meeting project demands and on enhancing its depot services.  combined management report fiscal year change in millions of actual comp

Score 0.443
due to the low probability and the character of a contingent liability no tax liability was recognized.  note trade and other receivables sep in millions of trade receivables from the sale of goods and services receivables from finance leases in fiscal and the longterm portion of receivables from finance leases is reported in other financial assets amounting to million and million respectively.  future minimum lease payments to be received are as follows sep in millions of within one year after one year but not more than two years after two years but not more than three years after three years but not more than four years after four years but not more than five years more than five years consolidated financial statements future minimum lease payments reconcile to the net investment in the lease as follows sep in millions of future minimum lease payments less unearned finance income relating to future minimum lease payments present value of future minimum lease payments plus present value of unguaranteed residual value net investment in the lease investments in finance leases primarily relate to industrial machinery medical equipment transportation systems equipment for information technology and office machines.  in fiscal and finance income on the net investment in the lease is million and million.  note other current financial assets sep in millions of loans receivable interestbearing debt securities derivative financial instruments other note contract assets and liabilities as of september and amounts expected to be settled after twelve months are million and million for contract assets and million and million for contract liabilities respectively

Score 0.441
markets in the u. s.  are expected to remain strong especially due to ongoing investments in rolling stock particularly for mainline and light rail transport within the infrastructure market demand is expected to continue for mass transit including communicationsbased train control technology and from a developing market for rail freight solutions.  in asia markets in india are expected to grow strongly with investments in mainline transport highspeed trains freight infrastructure rolling stock fleet renewals and expansions of large commuter rail and locomotive tenders urban metros and rail electrification driving growth.

Score 0.441
consolidation among mobilitys competitors is continuing and may lead to increased competitive pressure within the rail transport industry and also to fewer sourcing options for rail customers.  the main trends driving mobilitys markets are urbanization decarbonization and digitalization.  increasing populations in urban centers need daily mobility that is simpler faster and more flexible reliable and affordable.  at the same time cities and national economies face the challenge of cutting co and noise emissions and reducing space requirements and costs of transportation.  the pressure on mobility providers to meet all these needs is expected to rise continuously

Score 0.441
y y y y y y .  e infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport .  .  y y y y y y .  e infrastructure enabling low carbon water transport

Score 0.441
k.  will continue making significant investments in rolling stock and advanced rail infrastructure solutions and that customers in the middle east and africa will tender large turnkey projects especially in north africa and the middle east such as in in egypt saudi arabia and the united arab emirates.  markets in the u. s.  are expected to remain strong especially due to ongoing investments in rolling stock particularly for mainline and light rail transport within the infrastructure market demand is expected to continue for mass transit including communicationsbased train control technology and from a developing market for rail freight solutions

Score 0.441
mobilitys principal competitors are multinational companies.  consolidation among mobilitys competitors is continuing and may lead to increased competitive pressure within the rail transport industry and also to fewer sourcing options for rail customers.  the main trends driving mobilitys markets are urbanization decarbonization and digitalization.  increasing populations in urban centers need daily mobility that is simpler faster and more flexible reliable and affordable.  at the same time cities and national economies face the challenge of cutting co and noise emissions and reducing space requirements and costs of transportation

Score 0.439
intersegment transactions are based on market prices.  revenue revenue includes revenue from contracts with customers and revenue from leasing activities.  in fiscal and lease revenue is million and million respectively.  in fiscal and digital industries recognized million and million revenue respectively from its software business smart infrastructure recognized million and million in its service business.  revenues of mobility are mainly derived from constructiontype business

Score 0.438
production costs comprise in addition to direct costs an appropriate portion of production and material overheads and depreciation of property plant and equipment.  general administration expenses expenses for social facilities voluntary social costs and company pension scheme costs are not capitalized.  writedowns are recorded to cover inventory risks for reduced usability and technological obsolescence as well as in the context of lossfree valuation of unbilled contracts in constructiontype and service businesses.  allowances on receivables are determined on the basis of the probability of default and country risks.  deferred tax assets for differences between valuations of balance sheet line items in accordance to commercial and tax law and tax loss carryforwards are recognized if a future tax benefit is expected

Score 0.438
note additional disclosures on financial instruments the following table discloses the carrying amounts of each category of financial assets and financial liabilities sep in millions of loans receivables and other debt instruments measured at amortized cost cash and cash equivalents derivatives designated in a hedge accounting relationship financial assets mandatorily measured at fvtpl financial assets designated as measured at fvtpl equity instruments measured at fvoci financial assets financial liabilities measured at amortized cost derivatives not designated in a hedge accounting relationship derivatives designated in a hedge accounting relationship financial liabilities reported in the following line items of the statements of financial position as of september and respectively trade and other receivables other current financial assets and other financial assets except for separately disclosed million and million equity instruments in other financial assets thereof million and million at fvoci million and million financial assets designated as measured at fvtpl and million and million derivative financial instruments thereof in other financial assets million and million as well as million and million debt instruments measured at fvtpl in other financial assets.  includes million and million trade receivables from the sale of goods and services thereof million and million with a term of more than twelve months as of september and .  reported in line items other current financial assets and other financial assets.  reported in other financial assets.  includes fair value hedge adjustments

Score 0.437
billion of siemens opex were eligible and .  .  billion were aligned.  the majority of eligible andor aligned expenditures relate to processes and assets associated with the economic activities described for the revenue kpi i manufacture of low carbon technologies for transport ccm .  and ii rail transportation infrastructure ccm

Score 0.437
ltd.  shanghai china siemens mobility equipment china co.  ltd shanghai pilot free trade zone china siemens mobility rail equipment tianjin ltd.  tianjin china consolidated financial statements siemens mobility technologies beijing co.  ltd beijing china siemens numerical control ltd

Score 0.436
in fiscal markets served by smart infrastructure are expected to grow clearly but at a slower pace than in fiscal due to a substantially lower effect from price inflation and a cooling of the general economic environment.  while growth is expected to be weak in residential and commercial building markets and in some industrial markets continued robust demand is expected for data centers and power distribution.  overall market development in fiscal is expected to continue to be influenced by rebalancing of supply chains trade conflicts and effects from geopolitical tensions.  .  mobility mobility combines all siemens businesses in the area of rail passenger and rail freight transportation

Score 0.435
furthermore improving availability connectivity and sustainability of rail infrastructures increasingly requires digital solutions which generates growth opportunities for providers of such solutions.  iot systems and new softwarebased solutions such as maas are expected to become major growth enablers for the rail industry.  overall trends towards urbanization decarbonization and digitalization persist and many countries have been allocating significant funds to rail and public transport operators to address these trends.  mobilitys rd strategy is focused on reducing lifecycle costs of rail infrastructure and rolling stock securing system availability increasing network capacity of rail infrastructure optimizing the processes of rail operators and improving passenger experience.  with siemens xcelerator mobility intends to make software more modular and increasingly move it to the cloud

Score 0.433
in fiscal and finance income on the net investment in the lease is million and million.  note other current financial assets sep in millions of loans receivable interestbearing debt securities derivative financial instruments other note contract assets and liabilities as of september and amounts expected to be settled after twelve months are million and million for contract assets and million and million for contract liabilities respectively.  in fiscal and revenue includes million and million respectively which was included in contract liabilities at the beginning of the fiscal year.  note inventories and other current assets inventories sep in millions of raw materials and supplies work in progress finished goods and products held for resale advances to suppliers cost of sales includes inventories recognized as expense amounting to million and million respectively in fiscal and .  compared to prior year writedowns increased by million in fiscal

Score 0.433
and ii rail transportation infrastructure ccm . .  these two activities account for half of eligible opex and the majority of aligned opex.  this aligned opex includes million related to a capex plan associated with building projects to be finalized by fiscal summing up to a planned total volume of .  billion capitalizable and noncapitalizable costs

Score 0.432
singapore singapore siemens industry software pte.  ltd.  singapore singapore siemens logistics pte.  ltd.  singapore singapore siemens mobility pte

Score 0.43
customers usually have multiyear planning and implementation horizons and their contract tenders therefore tend to be independent of shortterm economic trends.  large contracts in the rolling stock and the rail infrastructure business are often awarded together with service contracts which start to generate revenue only after the respective products and solutions have been put in operation which can be a number of years after the contract award.  mobilitys principal competitors are multinational companies.  consolidation among mobilitys competitors is continuing and may lead to increased competitive pressure within the rail transport industry and also to fewer sourcing options for rail customers.  the main trends driving mobilitys markets are urbanization decarbonization and digitalization

Score 0.43
includes million and million trade receivables from the sale of goods and services thereof million and million with a term of more than twelve months as of september and .  reported in line items other current financial assets and other financial assets.  reported in other financial assets.  includes fair value hedge adjustments.  reported in the following line items of the statements of financial position shortterm debt and current maturities of longterm debt trade payables other current financial liabilities long term debt and other financial liabilities except for separately disclosed derivative financial instruments of million and million as of september and respectively

Score 0.43
y y y y y y .  e transmission and distribution of electricity .  .  y y y y y y .  e transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles

Score 0.428
additionally qualitative information is considered to particularly incorporate the latest developments.  the carrying amount is the maximum exposure to a financial assets credit risk without taking account of any collateral.  collateral reduces the valuation allowance to the extent it mitigates credit risk.  collateral needs to be specific identifiable and legally enforceable to be taken into account.  those collaterals are mostly held in the portfolio of sfs

Score 0.428
payment terms for all transactions are usually days from the date of invoice issued according to the contractual terms.  income from interest interest is recognized using the effective interest method.  functional costs in general operating expenses by types are assigned to the functions following the functional area of the corresponding profit and cost centers.  amortization depreciation and impairment of intangible assets and property plant and equipment are included in functional costs depending on the use of the assets.  productrelated expenses provisions for estimated costs related to product warranties are recorded in line item cost of sales at the time the related sale is recognized

Score 0.428
iot systems and new softwarebased solutions such as maas are expected to become major growth enablers for the rail industry.  overall trends towards urbanization decarbonization and digitalization persist and many countries have been allocating significant funds to rail and public transport operators to address these trends.  mobilitys rd strategy is focused on reducing lifecycle costs of rail infrastructure and rolling stock securing system availability increasing network capacity of rail infrastructure optimizing the processes of rail operators and improving passenger experience.  with siemens xcelerator mobility intends to make software more modular and increasingly move it to the cloud.  at the same time mobility intends to enhance connectivity of hardware and software and provide open application programming interfaces

Score 0.428
manufacture of other low carbon technologies .  .  transmission and distribution of electricity .  .  transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles

Score 0.427
ltd.  singapore singapore siemens logistics pte.  ltd.  singapore singapore siemens mobility pte.  ltd

Score 0.423
billion in connection with an investment accounted for using the equity method mainly due to fair value measurement.  combined management report .  results of operations .  orders and revenue by region currency translation effects took two percentage points each from order and revenue growth yearoveryear respectively.  portfolio measures including the sale of yunex traffic in the third quarter of fiscal and the mail and parcelhandling business of siemens logistics in the fourth quarter of fiscal took one percentage point each from order and revenue growth yearoveryear