Scores_g_WHOLESALE AND RETAIL TRADE; REPAIR OF MOTOR VEHICLES AND MOTORCYCLESScore 0.595
Formerly known as wholesale and offprice business.

Score 0.587
Retail business formerly known as wholesale and offprice business.

Score 0.562
Merchandise accounted for as inventories is recognised at cost pursuant to IAS . The cost of inventories comprises all costs of purchase purchase price import duties and other taxes as well as costs for transport handling and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition. This also includes a systematic allocation of labour and overhead costs. Cost is calculated on the basis of an itembyitem measurement based on goods moving average prices. Supplier payments that are to be classified as a reduction of cost reduce the carrying amount of inventories. The same applies to discounts rebates and similar items that are deducted from the purchase price in determining the costs of purchase.Merchandise as of the reporting date is measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value. The net realisable value is the expected selling price less the costs necessary to make the sale. Adequate writedowns to net realisable value are made to allow for all risks from slowmoving goods andor reduced saleability. When the circumstances that previously caused merchandise to be written down below cost no longer exist the writedown is reversed.

Score 0.544
Revenue from the sale of merchandise comprised sales of merchandise to our customers within the retail business and is therefore entirely allocated to the BC segment. Revenue from other services comprised mainly revenues from the partner business Zalando Payment Services ZMS and ZEOS Fulfilment including ZFS and MCF. These revenues are allocated to the BC and BB segments.Further information on revenue can be found in section .. . Segment reporting..Cost of sales

Score 0.53
complies with technical screening criteria as defined by a substantial contribution to environmental objectives and adherence to the Do No Significant Harm DNSH principle in accordance with Article or .We started reporting according to the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the corresponding Delegated Acts in . Based on our first assessment we identified one material Taxonomyeligible economic activity within our group related to the leasing of assets covering our office buildings outlets and logistic centres economic activity . listed in Annex I of the Delegated Regulation EU for which we reported Taxonomyeligibility. In reporting was expanded to include the assessment of the Taxonomyalignment of activities within the Zalando group. In the Commission Delegated Regulation EU was applied amending Delegated Regulation EU as regards economic activities in certain energy sectors and amending Delegated Regulation EU as regards specific public disclosures for those economic activities. We assessed Annex I and Annex II that amend the list of economic activities regarding the first two environmental objectives as well as related technical screening and DNSH criteria. We neither perform any of the new activities nor are we affected by the changes to the technical screening criteria. Moreover in the European Commission issued Commission Delegated Regulation EU amending the Delegated Regulation EU by establishing additional technical screening criteria as well as Commission Delegated Regulation EU supplementing Regulation EU by establishing economic activities as well as 

Score 0.525
.InventoriesInventories of merchandise consisting mainly of shoes and textiles are presented in the following table

Score 0.523
In line with the revised internal management approach we have adjusted our external reporting from Q to reflect our new operating segments of BC and BB. Our external reporting is in line with our internal reporting. Reporting to the management of Zalando for purposes of internal steering fundamentally corresponds to the principles of financial reporting described in .. General principles in accordance with IFRS.The BC segment comprises the majority of our fashion and lifestyle business i.e. our former fashion store segment including the formerly named wholesale and partner business and offprice segment Lounge by Zalando and Outlets as well as our platform service ZMS. The BB segment comprises services that provide the BB products we offer to our partners both on and off the Zalando platform to meet their business needs i.e. ZEOS Fulfilment including ZFS and MCF Tradebyte and Highsnobiety.Revenue and profitability generated through external business partners as well as internal transactions between our segments are reported to the chief operating decisionmaker as required by IFRS . As a result the segment reporting continues to include a reconciliation column to reconcile the segment figures covering both internal and external transactions with the consolidated group figures showing only external transactions. The internal transactions relate to the exchange of goods and services between segments.The management board measures the performance of the segments on the basis of revenue and adjusted EBIT which for segment reporting purposes are defined in the same way as for the consolidated financial statements of the group. No information on segment assets or liabilities is available or relevant for decisionmaking.

Score 0.518
Revenue is recognised in accordance with the provisions of IFRS when the goods or services promised are transferred to the customer. Contractual performance obligations are typically satisfied when goods are handed over to the customer. Revenue is measured at the amount of the consideration Zalando expects to receive in exchange for transferring the promised goods and services. For our retail business we conclude that Zalando is the principal in these revenue arrangements because we control the goods before transferring them to the customer. Revenue is therefore recognised in full. However in the partner business we do not control the goods before transferring them to the customer. Hence revenue is recognised in the amount of the commission that Zalando as agent of these revenue arrangements expects to receive from the partner. In services ZEOS Fulfilment and ZMS we render to partners Zalando recognises all fees within revenue that we expect to receive from our partners for rendering those services. Revenue is recorded net of sales deductions taxes and duties.Zalando identifies its performance obligations as the distinct goods or services promised in a contract with a customer. Apart from Zalando Plus the goods or services promised by Zalando goods delivery and return with a return policy of up to days and customer care express delivery or minimum order fee create a bundle that is distinct i.e. the identified performance obligation. In contrast services promised to our partners partner business ZEOS Fulfilment or ZMS are separately identifiable performance obligations.When selling merchandise to customers Zalando transfers control over the promised goods and services at a specific point in time. This is generally the case when the goods are delivered. For services rendered to our partners partner business ZEOS Fulfilment or ZMS revenue is also recognised at the point in time the underlying performance obligations towards our partners are satisfied. In contrast performance obligations under Zalando Plus are standready obligations that are satisfied over time. Therefore revenue is recognised on a straightline basis over the month subscription period.In assessing the consideration to be received Zalando takes into account the right of return granted to the customers in the retail and the partner business. Revenue is not recognised unless sufficient evidence is available on the probability of the nonexercise of these rights based on past experience. The expected volume of returns is estimated based on saleschannel and countryspecific return rates and recognised as a reduction of revenue.Zalando offers its customers a range of diverse payment options. Depending on the payment option and the country in which the order is placed payments are typically due within a maximum of to days.

Score 0.517
Personnel expenses declined by .m EUR to .m EUR mainly impacted by a decrease in the average headcount by from in the prior year to employees in .Amortisation and depreciation decreased by .m EUR.Other operating expenses primarily include fulfilment costs as well as marketing expenses. The increase of .m EUR in other operating expenses is primarily due to an increase in these categories. The rise in fulfilment costs was lower than the increase in revenue which was driven by favourable order economics reflected in a higher average basket size and cost reductions as well as the scaling of our ZEOS fulfilment business. Marketing spending increased as we deliberately raised our investments in performance marketing to capitalise on the improved topline momentum. Additionally we increased brand marketing as we launched several key campaigns to drive demand and enhance brand visibility.The operating result for the year of .m EUR increased by . percentage points in revenue resulting in a solid profit due mainly to a lower cost of materials and lower personnel expenses.The financial result mainly comprises interest expenses of .m EUR prior year .m EUR and interest income of .m EUR prior year .m EUR income from longterm loans of .m EUR prior year .m EUR the amortisation of financial assets of .m EUR prior year .m EUR as well as income from profit transfers of .m EUR prior year .m EUR and expenses from loss absorption of .m EUR prior year .m EUR during the reporting period.Income taxes include deferred taxes and current income taxes paid or payable. They comprise trade tax corporate income tax and a solidarity surcharge. As in the prior year the statutory corporate income tax rate including the solidarity surcharge for the assessment period was .. The applicable trade tax rate was . prior year ..Current and deferred taxes are presented in the following table

Score 0.517
Please refer to sections .. and .. of the notes to the consolidated financial statements subsections inventories for information on the accounting policies applied and the assumptions used.The financial statement riskThe consolidated statement of financial position as at December includes inventories in particular merchandise of EUR million . of total assets after impairments of EUR million.The value of goods initially measured at cost taking into account incidental acquisition costs and purchase price reductions must be reduced if their expected net realisable value no longer covers the cost. Risks from aboveaverage storage periods andor reduced usability are to be taken into account by appropriate deductions in the net realisable value. The net realisable is the estimated selling price less the costs necessary to make the sale. The determination of net realisable value is based on assumptions with regard to the selling price achievable in the normal course of business less the costs necessary to make the sale which are derived from historically observed data. The age seasonality of the inventories and the realisability in the sales channels of future sales are of particular importance.The result of this valuation is highly dependent on the assessment of the legal representatives with regard to the factors influencing the value and is therefore subject to considerable uncertainty. There is a risk for the consolidated financial statements that inventories are not valued appropriately.

Score 0.513
 listed as shareholdings are exempt from the requirement to disclose their financial statements and prepare notes to the financial statements and a management report. In accordance with the provisions of Section HGB zLabels GmbH Zalando Lounge Service GmbH Zalando Outlets GmbH Zalando Studios Berlin GmbH Zalando Marketing Services GmbH Tradebyte Software GmbH Connected Retail GmbH and ifansho Holding GmbH are exempt from the requirement to disclose their financial statements and prepare notes to the financial statements and a management report. In addition Zalando Logistics Operations Netherlands B.V. and Zalando Netherlands B.V. make use of the exemption in accordance with Section Book of the Dutch Civil Code to not prepare financial statements in accordance with Title Book of the Dutch Civil Code.. Segment reportingAt the beginning of we communicated our updated group strategy to build the leading panEuropean fashion and lifestyle ecommerce ecosystem aimed at leveraging our platform capabilities around two sets of customers BC businesstoconsumer and BB businesstobusiness. Accordingly in our management steering and decisionmaking shifted from our former sales channel view fashion store and offprice to a distinction between the BC and BB segments. 

Score 0.505
Category Purchased goods and services

Score 0.495
IASBeffective dateEndorsed by EUAnticipated effects January early application permittedYesApplication is not expected to have any material effect on the consolidated financial statements. January early application permittedNoApplication is not expected to have any material effect on the consolidated financial statements. January early application permittedNoApplication is not expected to have any material effect on the consolidated financial statements. January early application permittedNoApplication is expected to have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.Zalando assessed possible impacts of the new IFRS as well as related amendments to other applicable IFRS on our financial statements at initial application. IFRS introduces a new fivecategory classification system that will affect our consolidated income statement. The standard first defines the operating category that will include all items of income or expense that are not classified in one of the other four categories. The majority of items currently included in our EBIT will be allocated to this operating category. The investing category will mainly include income and expenses from investments accounted for using the equity method as well as from cash and cash equivalents. Those items are currently presented within our financial result and will be moved to the investing category. Income and expenses that arise from transactions that involve only the raising of finance or items that arise from transactions that do not involve only the raising of finance but are identified by other IFRS will be classified in the financing category. This will mainly include items that are currently presented in our financial result e.g. interest expenses on convertible bonds and lease liabilities. Items that do not fulfil these criteria shall be classified under other categories. For example income and expenses from hedging relationships shall be moved to the operating category. Foreign exchange differences currently presented in financial result that relate to income and expenses for items that will be classified in the financing category will be presented in this category accordingly. However foreign exchange differences related to cash and cash equivalents will be presented in the investing category and foreign exchange differences related to trade receivables or trade payables will be classified in the operating category. The income taxes category will include only items currently presented under income taxes. Lastly items required by IFRS will be classified in the discontinued operations category which is not expected to be relevant for Zalando.Three new subtotals will be required. The operating profit or loss shall comprise all income and expenses classified in the operating category. The profit before financing and interest expenses will include all income and expenses classified in the operating or investing category. This is not equivalent to our EBIT due to the items that will be moved from the financial result into the operating or investing category. Additionally a profit or loss subtotal will be required which is equal to our net incomeloss for the period. There will be changes to the consolidated statement of cash flows due to amendments to IAS . The starting point for the cash flow from operating activities using the indirect method will be the newly required operating profit or loss and not net incomeloss for the period. In addition interests paid and received that are currently only presented in the cash flow from operating activities will be classified as cash flow from financing activities interest paid or cash flow from investing activities interests and dividends received. With this change the free cash flow which is based on the cash flow from operating activities will be affected accordingly. Furthermore there are new disclosure requirements. Most relevant for Zalando this requires information on expenses by nature if the function of expenses method is used as well as disclosures for managementdefined performance measures that are companyspecific subtotals of income and expenses like EBIT or adjusted EBIT. Zalando will apply IFRS and related amendments of other standards for the annual reporting period beginning on January . The standard will be applied retrospectively according to IAS which requires a reconciliation for each line item of the prior period presented in the annual report . We will also prepare our interim financial statements in financial year in accordance with the new standard. Expected impacts are based on reasonable information available before this annual report was authorised for issue. They may change due to new information available at a later date. January early application permittedNoApplication is not expected to have any material effect as none of our subsidiaries provide consolidated separate or individual financial statements applying IFRS Accounting Standards. January early application permittedNoApplication is not expected to have any material effect on the consolidated financial statements.

Score 0.493
The category of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income relates to financial assets that are held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets. On specified dates the contractual terms give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. The fluctuations in value recognised in other comprehensive income are transferred to profit or loss at the time the asset is derecognised. Impairment and foreign exchange gains or losses are nevertheless recognised in profit or loss. No financial assets were classified in this category in the financial year or in the prior year.All other financial assets are measured at fair value through profit or loss. Hence they are held within a business model whose objective is not to hold the financial asset to collect contractual cash flows or where cash flows are not solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. Derivative financial instruments that are not effective hedging instruments as well as corporate investments are allocated to this category. Changes in the fair value of these financial assets are recognised through profit or loss.Impairment of financial assetsZalando recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses for all financial assets other than those measured at fair value through profit or loss. At each reporting date the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to a month expected credit loss general approach. If the credit risk has increased significantly the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit loss.For trade receivables Zalando applies the simplified approach of IFRS to measure the loss allowance at an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit loss. Zalando uses a scenariobased approach for this purpose and takes into account saleschannel and countryspecific allowance rates based on expected risks of default and how long the trade receivables are past due. Trade receivables typically resulting from the use of deferred payment methods e.g. pay by invoice have due dates of a maximum of to days depending on the country in which the order is placed. For other receivables resulting from the purchase of receivables due from customers of our partners for sales concluded on the Zalando platform Zalando applies the general approach of IFRS . Because these receivables also have maximum due dates of to days the month expected credit loss is the same as the lifetime expected credit loss. Therefore as for trade receivables Zalando applies a scenariobased approach to determine expected credit losses for other receivables.Receivables together with the allowance recognised are derecognised when the contractual rights to the cash flows have expired. This is the case if there is no realistic prospect of future recovery and all collateral has been realised.

Score 0.491
social environmental and chemical compliance. It applies to all our business partners including suppliers agents trading companies and service providers. The policy outlines the principles that business partners must follow when supplying products made from animalderived materials for sale through us. It is regularly reviewed to incorporate updates. In recognising our shared responsibility within the fashion industry we work with expert groups to support research on and the development and implementation of animal welfare standards and value chain transparency.Management of relationship with suppliersIndirect procurement We collaborate with business partners who adhere to our Code of Conduct. We perform mandatory compliance checks for certain business partners to mitigate legal and ethical risks. A risk assessment process classifies vendors by risk level with highrisk vendors being required to sign the Code of Conduct. We also evaluate suppliers on human rights and environmental risks following the German Supply Chain Act to elevate standards among indirect suppliers. We do not have an overarching policy for payment practices as outlined in Payment practices below.Our procurement policy and procedures for nonmerchandising goods and services ensure compliance efficiency and costeffectiveness with external vendors. Our Finance team facilitates the sourcing negotiation and contracting of suppliers for business units through internal systems. This process includes demand collection sourcetocontract activities and ordertopay operations with approval workflows the foureyes principle and the Legal teams involvement for thorough oversight and regulatory adherence.Supplier relationship management SRM We provide a standardised SRM concept guideline and toolkit for Sourcing Managers to identify align and comanage relevant strategic suppliers with the respective business units. The guideline Overarching SRM within the Supplier Lifecycle comprises four steps identifying SRMrelevant suppliers aligning relevant business units and communication engaging with SRM relevant suppliers reevaluating for continuous adaptation or updates. Based on the various functions requirements we provide tools for data collection analysis and the continuous monitoring of our direct suppliers.Sustainability partner strategy We are committed to advancing sustainability in all of our brand partnerships. As part of our strategic approach we have developed internal processes and best practices on how to engage and enable different subsets of brand partners. To align with the ESRS we have established clear criteria for these subsets. These criteria aim to identify the different needs of all our partners while focusing on both the brand partners with the highest demand on our platform as well as those who have established practices performance and commitment in the sustainability space. This approach aims to achieve the sustainability ambitions outlined in our group strategy highlight the necessary efforts across our brand partners and ensure efficient collaboration. It also seeks to elevate standards beyond our already high Code of Conduct and sustainable 

Score 0.487
in m EURCapitalised developmentcostsIndustrialrights similarrights andassets as wellas licensesGoodwillPrepayments and assetsunderdevelopmentTotalHistorical costAs of Jan .....Additions.....Disposals.....Reclassifications.....Currency translationdifferences.....As of Dec .....AmortisationAs of Jan .....Additions.....Disposals.....Reclassifications.....Currency translationdifferences.....As of Dec .....Carrying amountsAs of Dec .....As of Dec .....

Score 0.484
Trade and other receivables

Score 0.481
Please refer to sections .. subsection Revenue and .. subsection Revenue recognition of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on the accounting policies applied and the assumptions made.The financial statement riskIn the consolidated statement of comprehensive income Zalando SE recognises revenue from the sale of goods of EUR million. This revenue accounts for around of the Groups total revenue. Revenue from the sale of merchandise has a significant impact on the Groups earnings figures and is one of the most important performance indicators for the Group.Zalando SE recognises revenue from the sale of goods when it satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a promised asset to a customer. An asset is considered transferred when the customer obtains control of the asset. In the context of the sale of goods using the Zalando online shop this is the point in time when the goods are delivered to the customer.Customers of Zalando SE have the option of returning goods free of charge within the statutory cancellation periods as well as within the return periods granted by Zalando. The expected returns not to be recognised as revenue are calculated by the legal representatives. This calculation is based on methods data and assumptions in particular regarding expected return rates.

Score 0.48
Category Franchises We have no franchises making this category irrelevant to our operations.Category Purchased goods and services This category covers all upstream emissions from the production of products acquired and delivered to us including raw material extraction manufacturing and transportation up to the Tier supplier. Given the scale of our operations these emissions are the most significant scope and overall GHG category. It also includes upstream emissions of packaging and nonproduct procurement. For the majority of these product emissions emissions are calculated using physical activity data including product volumes material types and product weights kg where material types are first mapped to the Higg Materials Sustainability Index Higg MSI material emission factors expressed in kgCO

Score 0.477
Due to the high transaction volume in the sale of goods and the general risk of fictitious sales the judgemental decision as to when control of the goods is transferred to the customer and the uncertain estimates of expected returns there is a risk for the consolidated financial statements that revenue from the sale of goods does not exist is not recognised in the correct amount or is incorrectly recognised.Our audit approach As part of our audit procedures we reperformed the revenue recognition process for goods from the order to the receipt of payment on the basis of the process documentation provided to us. We also assessed compliance with the requirements for revenue recognition set out in IFRS . Furthermore we tested the effectiveness of internal controls implemented in relation to existence and periodisation of revenue. In particular this also includes the effectiveness of ITsupported controls. In addition we examined the accounting journal for manually recorded revenue postings.In addition we tested the timing amount and existence of the revenue recognised by reconciling the recognised amounts with the related purchase orders external proof of delivery discounts and payments received. This was based on revenue from the sale of goods in the financial year selected on the basis of a random sampling procedure. We verified the determination of the goods in transit as at the reporting date by verification of the actual delivery of shipments to assess the judgment made regarding the transfer of control to the customer. We compared the amounts of expected returns not recognised as revenue with historical return rates and also performed a comparison with the goods returned up to the completion of our audit. We tested the data underlying the determination of actual deliveries and returns for a randomly selected sample.Our observations Zalando SEs approach for the recognition of revenue from the sale of goods is appropriate. The assumptions made by Zalando SE regarding the transfer of control to the customer and the determination of expected returns are appropriate.Other informationManagement respectively the supervisory board are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the following components of the group management report whose content was not audited

Score 0.477
in m EUR Dec Dec ChangeTrade and other receivables...thereof trade receivables...thereof other receivables...

Score 0.474
in m EUREarnings before taxes..Income tax rate for the group . . Expected tax expense tax income ..Share of taxes forNondeductible expenses taxfree income..Recognition of previously unrecognised unusedtax losses tax credits..Unrecognised unused tax losses..Tax expenses tax income relating to other periods..Tax rate differences..thereof share of subsidiaries with higher tax rates..thereof share of subsidiaries with lower tax rates..Income tax expense according to the consolidatedstatement of comprehensive income..Effective tax rate . . 

Score 0.471
Formerly known as our wholesale and offprice business.

Score 0.469
in m EUR Dec Dec ChangeInventories...thereof historical acquisition costs...thereof allowances...

Score 0.467
Selling and distribution costs comprised fulfilment costs of .m EUR prior year .m EUR and marketing costs of .m EUR prior year .m EUR. The nonpersonnel costs consist of predominately logistic outbound and marketing expenses as well as the depreciation of fixed assets and rightofuse assets. Furthermore fulfilment costs also include net bad debt expenses. Improved debtor management had a positive impact of .m EUR to our net bad debt expenses.. Administrative expenses

Score 0.467
Zalando presents the expected returns of goods on a gross basis in the income statement and reduces revenue by the full amount of sales that is estimated to be returned. Cost of sales that are recorded in full upon delivery of the goods is then corrected by the estimated amount of returns.Zalando also presents expected returns on a gross basis in the statement of financial position. In this context a right to recover goods from expected returns is recognised in other nonfinancial assets. The amount of the asset corresponds to the cost of the goods delivered for which returns are expected taking into account the costs incurred for processing the return and the expected losses resulting from disposal of these goods.Trade receivables for which delivered goods are expected to be returned are also derecognised. For customer receivables already paid and for which returns are expected in the future Zalando recognises a refund liability visvis the customer in other current financial liabilities.

Score 0.467
in m EURAs ofrevenueAs ofrevenueChangeGMV. . . . . ppRevenue. . . . . ppCost of sales.. .. . ppGross profit. . . . . ppFulfilment costs.. .. . ppMarketing costs.. .. . ppAdministrative expenses.. .. . ppOther operating income. . . . . ppOther operating expenses.. .. . ppEBIT. . . . . ppSharebased payments. . . . . ppAcquisitionrelated expenses. . . . . ppOnetime effects. . . . . ppRestructuring costs. . . . . ppAdjusted EBIT. . . . . pp

Score 0.466
Sales and marketing processes

Score 0.466
The identification and determination of writedowns of merchandise and receivables see comments in sections .. . Inventories and .. . Trade and other receivables.

Score 0.463
in m EURInterest and similar income..thereof from hedging derivatives..thereof from trade and other receivables..thereof from money market funds..thereof from term deposits..thereof from other financial instruments..Interest and similar expenses..thereof from financial liabilities at amortised cost..thereof from hedging derivatives..thereof other interest and similar expenses..Result of investments accounted for using theequity method..Other financial result..thereof from hedging transactions..thereof from currency effects..other valuation effects on financial instruments..Financial result..

Score 0.462
In line with our updated group strategy to build the leading panEuropean fashion and lifestyle ecommerce ecosystem we have expanded our capabilities around two sets of customers BC businesstoconsumer and BB businesstobusiness. We have shifted our steering and decisionmaking from a sales channel view fashion store and offprice to a distinction between the BC and BB segments. From Q our external reporting has been adjusted accordingly to reflect these two operating segments. The majority of our business is with our BC business and its supporting services including our partner business and ZMS. The BB segment comprises services that provide BB 

Score 0.462
The assessment of whether purchased partner receivables have a similar nature and function to trade receivables see comments in section .. . Trade and other receivables

Score 0.462
Inventories increased by . to .m EUR in the financial year prior year .m EUR driven by higher inbounds. The decrease in allowances of .m EUR is mainly due to a variety of improvements in sales of overstocks resulting from the remaining stock at the end of the season..Trade and other receivablesAs of the reporting date trade and other receivables comprised the following

Score 0.462
Of the total external revenue generated in the group Germany accounts for the largest portion at . prior year . followed by Switzerland with a share in the low doubledigit percentage range. External revenues are attributed to countries on the basis of the place where Zalando transfers the promised goods or services to a customer. Most of the noncurrent assets of the group of .m EUR are located in Germany .. The group also holds considerable noncurrent assets in its fulfilment centres in Poland . and France ..Cost of sales includes income from valuation allowances of inventories for the BC segment of .m EUR prior year expenses of.m EUR.The selling and distribution costs include valuation allowances for trade and other receivables and writedowns due to uncollectable receivables for the BC segment of .m EUR prior year .m EUR and for the BB segment of .m EUR prior year .m EUR.Total expenses include depreciation and amortisation of intangible assets property plant and equipment and rightofuse assets for the BC segment of .m EUR prior year .m EUR and for the BB segment of .m EUR prior year .m EUR. The onetime effect adjustments relate mainly to impairment losses.The groups financial result is not allocated to the segments.. Subsequent eventsIn line with the statement of intent made on December on January we submitted a voluntary public takeover offer to the shareholders of ABOUT YOU Holding SE Hamburg ABOUT YOU to acquire up to of its share capital for a cash offer price of . EUR per share. We intend to acquire all of the shares of ABOUT YOU. ABOUT YOU already holds shares as treasury shares. The consideration will thus amount to approx. .bn EUR and will be fully funded out of the cash available to us as of the reporting date.In this regard on December we also signed purchase agreements with Otto GmbH Co KG to acquire ABOUT YOU shares approx. . of its share capital and with Aktieselskabet af .. to acquire ABOUT YOU shares approx. . of its share capital also at a price of . EUR per share.Between and December we had acquired ABOUT YOU shares approx. . of its share capital on the stock exchange for a total of .m EUR and this is reported under noncurrent financial assets see section .. . Noncurrent financial assets and noncurrent nonfinancial assets. We increased this stake acquired on the stock exchange by additional shares to a total of . as of the expiry of the first acceptance period on February .At the expiry of the first acceptance period as of February within the scope of our public takeover offer we have been offered ABOUT YOU shares approx. . of its share capital. An additional acceptance period will expire on March .

Score 0.462
 Article Regulation EU Annex IInot applicablenot applicableESRS SBMpara. d ivRegulation EU Article Regulation EU Annex IInot applicablenot applicableESRS Epara. Regulation EU Article materialESRS Epara. gArticle a Regulation EU No Regulation EU Template Regulation EU Article d to g and Article not applicable no transition plan in placenot applicable ESRS Epara. Indicator no Table Annex Article a Regulation EU No Regulation EU Template Regulation EU Article materialESRS Epara. Indicator no Table and Indicator no Table Annex materialESRS Epara. Indicator no Table Annex materialESRS Epara. to Indicator no Table Annex materialESRS Epara. Indicators no and Table Annex Article a Regulation EU No Regulation EU Template Regulation EU Article and materialESRS Epara. to Indicator no Table Annex Article a Regulation EU No Regulation EU Template Regulation EU Article materialDisclosure requirement and related data pointSFDR

Score 0.461
in m EUR Dec Dec ChangeOther current financial liabilities...thereof obligations to reimburse customers for returns...thereof derivative financial instruments...thereof debtors with credit balances...thereof others...Other current nonfinancial liabilities...thereof VAT liabilities...thereof liabilities from gift vouchers...thereof liabilities from wages and salaries...thereof others...

Score 0.461
Table and Table Regulation EU Annex IInot applicablenot applicableESRS SBMpara. d iiIndicator no Table Annex Regulation EU Annex IInot applicablenot applicableESRS SBMpara. d iiiIndicator no Table Annex Regulation EU 

Score 0.459
chain to help us carry out due diligence we have so far focused on knowledge gathering via local organisations and multistakeholder initiatives providing us with insights about groups of workers being specifically riskexposed for certain types of legal violations by actions of the industry to help us carry out due diligence. While such assessments lack the connection to individual entities andor workers they are useful in helping us identify material risks. Our ambition is to improve over time our understanding of how workers in our value chain are materially impacted by our business.Our approach to identifying material IROs for workers in our value chain is described in Impacts risks and opportunities in section .. General information. Policies related to workers in the value chainWe respect human rights and uphold responsible labour practices across our entire supply chain as aligned with the German Supply Chain Due Diligence Act and the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. This is achieved through our policies standards and processes which address impacts potential risks and opportunities forming the basis for sustainability targets and ambitions. We aim to ensure and we expect that our business partners adhere to our policies emphasising labour rights and ethical business practices. Grievance mechanisms for employees and external members of our supply chain are in place to voice concerns and actively promote the awareness of human rights within Zalando and among our partners. In certain areas we maintain the right to conduct audits of our partners processes to review compliance with our ethical standards. When creating our policies we consider our legal obligations established industry standards and the expectations of investors customers and other stakeholders. For transparency relevant policies are publicly available on our corporate website.Code of Conduct We build strong supplier relationships by setting clear high ethical expectations fostering trust and integrity in our collaborations through our Code of Conduct which can be found on our corporate website. This Code outlines the standards to which we hold our business partners accountable and applies to all contractual partners including our suppliers service providers platform partners distributors consultants and agents. It covers human rights labour rights environmental protection fair and ethical business practices and monitoring and complaints. We require all partners to agree with and commit to these standards and have appropriate management systems and due diligence processes in place. Noncompliance will lead to measures being taken which may include termination of the business relationship.Policy statement on Zalandos human rights strategy Our policy statement is basedon international standards including the ILO Conventions and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and sets the groundwork for managing human rights due diligence which is embedded into our operating standards and management practices. The policy applies throughout our entities and for all business activities including facilities operating on behalf of ourselves and is approved by our coCEO Robert Gentz and implemented by the Corporate Governance 

Score 0.458
in m EURNet incomeloss for the period..Items recycled to profit or loss in subsequent periodsEffective portion of gainslosses from cash flow hedges net of tax..Exchange differences on translation of foreign financial statements..Other comprehensive incomeloss..Total comprehensive incomeloss..

Score 0.458
Category Use of sold products

Score 0.456
Category Capital goods

Score 0.454
The role of the administrative supervisory and management bodiesOur management board and supervisory board members bring together a diverse set of expertise essential for addressing matters of business conduct. They have experience and expertise in business conduct particularly in the areas of corporate governance compliance corporate culture and political engagement as well as the management of supplier relationships. We report key compliance topics to the management board as well as to the audit committee of the supervisory board on a quarterly basis. The chairperson of the audit committee of the supervisory board reports regularly to the full supervisory board on the activities and conclusions of the audit committee in the area of corporate governance and business conduct matters. Key topics generally include insights into compliance investigation data and potential trends arising from these. These reporting formats offer the option for the compliance function to determine further focus topics where required.Identification and assessment of business conductrelated IROsThe potential material IROs related to our business conduct which were identified in the course of our DMA are stated in section Impacts risks and opportunities of ... General information. Policies related to business conductOur group policies are in line with our Code of Ethics and the principles of our founding mindset. Our quarterly engagement and culture survey regularly evaluates our current workplace culture combining both quantitative and qualitative insights. We promise to and expect from all employees an environment in which the values of appreciation speed entrepreneurship and personal responsibility are lived. All policies are therefore formulated in such a way that they do not stand in the way of fast and independent decisionmaking in which those concerned can take responsibility and act quickly.For the following policies subject to EU or local laws a companywide approval process for group policies is applicable according to which the policies are approved by a member of the management board the SVP Corporate GovernanceGeneral Counsel as well as contributing and affected parties such as the PO Tax Indirect Procurement Privacy andor Finance teams. In principle the policies apply to all entities and employees of the Zalando group. We communicate the group policies via various channels such as the companywide employee selfservice system and the intranet. In the mandatory compliance training employees receive further information about the Code of Ethics the group policy internal investigations the group policy benefits gifts events and expenses and the group policy authority to sign. New employees will be enrolled in the compliance training courses once they start their employment. Employees receive compliance refresher courses in a biannual cycle. Along with information on the policies they are provided with e.g. relevant daytoday examples information on where to receive further support how to speak up and relevant links to further resources. Those functions that are identified as having frequent interaction with public officials or functions having freedom in terms of negotiation with business partners are 

Score 0.454
Strategy business model and value chainGroup strategyIn line with our updated group strategy we have expanded our capabilities around two sets of customers BC businesstoconsumer and BB businesstobusiness. Our vision is to build the leading panEuropean ecosystem for fashion and lifestyle ecommerce around these two growth sectors by leveraging bestinclass ecommerce platform capabilities developed over the past years. For more detailed information please refer to our group segments in the section .. Group structure and our group strategy in section .. Group strategy of the combined management report.Zalandos average number of salaried employees excluding apprentices and working students was in financial year prior year . For more information about our own workforce please refer to ESRS S Own workforce in section .. Social information. The total revenue of Zalando according to IAS .a amounts of .m EUR as disclosed in our consolidated financial statements and under section .. . Revenue in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.Creating value through sustainability and DIIn we completed the do.MORE strategy cycle in which we made significant progress on carbon reduction human rights and circularity. The progress we have made challenges we have faced and lessons we have learned over the past years have served as the basis for planning the next steps on our journey to further empower our organisation and our partners to drive change in our industry and beyond.In addition to our do.MORE strategy we strive to ensure our company and culture reflect the rich diversity of our customers. In our do.BETTER strategy we therefore set out our plans to build a workplace where respect and inclusive behaviour are second nature. At the same time we set out to create an inclusive assortment and representative content for our customers. Our do.BETTER strategy is divided into four pillars of talents leadership customers and partners. Each pillar holds equal importance for our growth learning and impact. With our do.BETTER strategy we set DI ambitions and targets around these four pillars and work towards these. We strive to create an inclusive workplace for our talents accelerate leadership accountability and diversity provide inclusive experiences and content for our customers and foster DI in the wider fashion industry together with our partners. The do.BETTER strategy cycle concluded at the end of with an update scheduled for .Strategy updateSustainability and DI are core elements of our updated strategy integrated across all business models to create a competitive advantage. This represents an evolution from our previous do.MORE strategy embedding sustainability more deeply into our operations and decisionmaking processes.

Score 0.454
 Annex IImaterialESRS GOVpara. eRegulation EU Annex IImaterialESRS GOVpara. Indicator no Table Annex materialESRS SBMpara. d iIndicator no Table Annex Article a Regulation EU No Regulation EU 

Score 0.453
in m EUR Dec Dec ChangeEquity. . . . .Provisions. . . . .Liabilities. . . . .Deferred income. . . . .Total equity and liabilities. . . . .

Score 0.453
products we offer to our partners on and off our Zalando platform to meet their business needs i.e. ZEOS Fulfilment including ZFS and MCF Tradebyte and Highsnobiety.Revenue and profitability generated through external business partners as well as the internal transactions between our segments are reported to the chief operating decisionmaker. As a result the segment reporting continues to comprise a reconciliation column to reconcile the segment figures covering both internal and external transactions to the consolidated group figures showing only external transactions. The management board measures the performance of the segments on the basis of revenue and adjusted EBIT which for segment reporting purposes are defined in the same way as for the consolidated financial statements of the group.

Score 0.452
 means that we buy inventory from brands and sell it to customers for our own account including goods sold via Lounge by Zalando or through our outlets.

Score 0.451
eq..Processing of sold productstCO

Score 0.448
Amount recognised in the statement of financial position pursuant to IFRS in m EURCategory pursuant to IFRS Carrying amount as of Dec Amortised costFair value not through profit and lossFair value through profit and lossFair valueas of Dec AssetsCash and cash equivalents.thereof cash in bank on hand shortterm bank depositsAC..thereof money market fundsFVtPL...Trade and other receivablesAC..Other financial assets.thereof money market fundsFVtPL...thereof derivative financial instruments designatedas hedging instrumentsna....thereof other derivative financial instrumentsFVtPL...thereof corporate investmentsFVtPL...thereof othersAC..LiabilitiesTrade payables and similar liabilitiesFLAC..Convertible bondsFLAC...Lease liabilities.Other financial liabilities.thereof derivative financialinstruments designatedas hedging instrumentsna...thereof other derivative financial instrumentsFVtPLthereof othersFLAC..

Score 0.447
Carrying amountCash flows Cash flowsCash flows and ff. in m EUR Dec InterestRepaymentsInterestRepaymentsInterestRepaymentsBorrowings.......Convertible bonds.......Trade payables and similar liabilities .......Other financial liabilities.......thereof from derivatives.......Total.......

Score 0.447
IFRS StandardTitleImpending changeAmendments to IAS Lack of ExchangeabilityDefines when a currency is exchangeable into another currency and clarifies how to estimate the spot exchange rate when a currency is not exchangeable.Amendments to IFRS andIFRS Classification and Measurement of Financial InstrumentsClarifies that a financial liability can be deemed to be discharged before settlement date when a payment instruction has been initiated using an electronic payment system. It also clarifies the assessment of contractual cash flows for example to assess whether instruments with ESGlinked features meet the SPPI criteria. Furthermore the amendments enhance disclosures related to contractually linked instruments as well as investments in equity instruments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income.Amendments to IFRS IFRS IFRS IFRS and IAS IFRS Accounting Standards Annual Improvements Volume Includes minor changes related to the application of hedge accounting for IFRS firsttime adopters disclosure of gain or loss on derecognition of financial assets with continuing involvement recognition of any difference from derecognition of lease liabilities in profit or loss and clarifies the definition of a de facto agent. IFRS Presentation and Disclosure in Financial StatementsSets out requirements for the presentation and disclosure of information in financial statements. This includes requirements regarding the statement of financial performance the statement of financial position and the statement of cash flows. The new standard also sets out requirements regarding the notes to the financial statements. The standard supersedes IAS .IFRS Subsidiaries without Public Accountability DisclosuresSpecifies the disclosure requirements an entity is permitted to apply instead of the disclosure requirements in other IFRS Accounting Standards. This significantly reduces disclosure requirements for subsidiaries that do not have public accountability and whose ultimate or intermediate parent produces consolidated financial statements available for public use that comply with IFRS Accounting Standards.Amendments to IFRS andIFRS Contracts Referencing Naturedependent ElectricityClarifies that the ownuseexception is applicable to contracts referencing naturedependent electricity if the entity has been and expects to be a net purchaser of electricity for the contract period. The amendments also permit the designation of a variable nominal amount of forecast electricity transactions as hedged item if that amount is aligned with the variable amount of nature dependent electricity expected to be delivered by the generation facility as referenced in the hedging instrument because such forecast transactions are presumed to be highly probable by IFRS . Contracts referencing naturedependent electricity shall be disclosed in a single note in the financial statements according to IFRS .

Score 0.447
 In we continued the expansion of reusable cardboard boxes to additional fulfilment and return centres across our network resulting in metric tons of packaging avoided. This expansion included standardising operational processes and reallocating reused boxes. We also initiated the development of a reusable concept for our large intralogistics boxes.The project aims for continuous expansion until a fully closedloop system for all intralogistics boxes has been achieved. The full implementation is expected to be completed by in fulfilment and return centres with plans for future expansion.Recommerce In recommerce we offer customers the opportunity to extend the life of fashion items through Tradein and Preowned. We launched our Tradein service in September . Using Tradein today customers in five markets AT DE DK NL SE can sell back items previously purchased on Zalando across women men and unisex in textile sports footwear and bags. All items sent in by customers are individually assessed by an expert team in our logistics centre to ensure authenticity and sufficient item quality for resale. A payout is awarded for each item which passes our quality check either in the form of a Zalando gift card which may be redeemed on all items in our app and web store including Preowned or in the form of an equivalentvalue donation to a charitable cause Red Cross humedica WeForest with customers offered a choice between the two options.Through Preowned also launched in September on Zalando and now live in markets as an ongoing initiative we offer those items sold back to us through Tradein in a dedicated catalogue enabling second hand shopping on Zalando. Orders are fulfilled from a Zalando logistics outbound centre combining new and second hand items in one box where possible. We track progress via the number of markets in which recommerce is live. Market scope is differentiated by i the number of markets in which customers can sell back to us Tradein in live in AT DE DK NL SE and ii the number of markets in which customers can purchase second hand clothing Preowned in live in markets AT BE CZ DE DK 

Score 0.446
Customer segments Our customer base spans different groups and purchasing behaviours with varying engagement levels in more sustainable offerings. We are strengthening our ambition to be inclusive by design recognising that greater DI leads to better innovation deeper customer relationships and a more positive industry impact. Thus we are evolving our strategies to cater to the growing demand for sustainable and inclusive fashion.These significant products services markets and customer segments along with our recent strategic updates directly affect our sustainability concerns by influencing and shaping our environmental impact social responsibility and governance practices. We continue to evolve our offerings and strategies to balance business growth with our sustainability and inclusivity goals across all our operations.Business model and value chainIn BC we offer a multibrand shopping experience for fashion and lifestyle products to more than million active customers in markets that includes clothing footwear accessories and beauty. In BB we are opening up our logistics infrastructure software and service capabilities to become a key enabler for ecommerce transactions of brands and retailers regardless of whether they take place on or off the Zalando platform. Our own operations comprise the parent company Zalando SE and Zalandos subsidiaries that operate inter alia in the areas of logistics services customer service payments product presentation advertising marketing software development integration services and private labels. Our private labels business involves the design and branding of items while production is outsourced to external manufacturers. For more information about our business model please refer to section .. Business model of our combined management report. To gather develop and secure the inputs for our business we collaborate with suppliers that have years of technical expertise in their respective areas. The Private Label team with product sourcing quality and sustainability experts is located primarily in Berlin with regional sourcing offices in Portugal and China. Our upstream and downstream value chain includes brand partners suppliers logistics providers and customers as the main business actors. We collaborate closely with brand partners and suppliers for product sourcing and development we work with logistics providers for distribution and we serve customers directly through our ecommerce platform. We will only cover the key value chains listed below as we have multiple value chains including the private labels and the partner business for thirdparty brands.

Score 0.446
Trade receivables are due from customers of our retail business as well as from our ZMS ZEOS Fulfilment including ZFS and MCF Tradebyte Highsnobiety as well as shipping fees. Other receivables are essentially due from customers of our partners for sales concluded on our platform which have been purchased from our partners and assessed as similar in nature and function to trade receivables. The entire portfolio of receivables was reduced by bad debt allowances as in the prior year.

Score 0.445
in m EURRevenue from the sale of merchandise..Revenue from other services..Total..

Score 0.444
in m EURNotes .. Dec Dec Noncurrent assetsIntangible assets... Property plant and equipment... Rightofuse assets... Financial assets...Nonfinancial assets...Investments accounted for using the equity method...Deferred tax assets.....Current assetsInventories...Trade and other receivables...Other financial assets...Other nonfinancial assets...Cash and cash equivalents.....Total assets..

Score 0.443
The nominal amounts correspond to the sum of all the nonnetted purchase and sales amounts of the derivative financial transactions. The market values reported correspond to the fair value. The fair values of the derivative financial instruments were calculated without taking into account opposite developments in the value of the hedged items.The market values of forward exchange contracts designated to a hedging relationship as well as forward exchange contracts that are not designated to a hedging relationship are reported in the statement of financial position under other current or noncurrent financial assets and liabilities. The forward exchange contracts in place as of the reporting date have a remaining term of up to months. The nominal value of forward exchange contracts with a term over twelve months is .m EUR prior year .m EUR.In the reporting period gains from the fair value measurement of financial instruments designated as cash flow hedges of .m EUR prior year losses of .m EUR were recognised in other comprehensive income. The accumulated amount of fair value hedge adjustments of .m EUR in the reporting period prior year .m EUR was recognised in inventories.

Score 0.442
Amount recognised in the statement of financial position pursuant to IFRS in m EURCategory pursuant to IFRS Carrying amount as of Dec Amortised costFair value not through profit and lossFair value through profit and lossFair valueas of Dec AssetsCash and cash equivalents.thereof cash in bank on hand shortterm bank depositsAC..thereof money market fundsFVtPL..Trade and other receivablesAC..Other financial assets.thereof derivative financialinstruments designatedas hedging instrumentsna....thereof other derivative financial instrumentsFVtPL...thereof corporate investmentsFVtPL...thereof othersAC..LiabilitiesTrade payables and similar liabilitiesFLAC..Convertible bondsFLAC...Lease liabilities.Other financial liabilities.thereof derivative financialinstruments designatedas hedging instrumentsna....thereof other derivative financial instrumentsFVtPL...thereof othersFLAC..

Score 0.442
define the net working capital key performance indicator as the sum of inventories and trade and other receivables less trade payables and similar liabilities. The net working capital was.m EUR as of the reporting date prior year.m EUR.CollateralZalando pledged financial assets of .m EUR as collateral in the reporting period prior year .m EUR. The collateral provided may be drawn by the beneficiaries should the group not be able to fulfil its payment obligations. .Information about related partiesZalando identifies the related parties of the group in accordance with IAS . Zalando had transactions with related parties in the reporting period in the ordinary course of business. The transactions were carried out in accordance with the arms length principle. All transactions with related parties were related to the key management personnel of Zalando i.e. they were carried out with members of the management board or supervisory board their close family members or with entities controlled or jointly controlled by these persons.Transactions with entities controlled or jointly controlled by our key management personnel resulting from the purchase of goods and services gave rise to trade payables and similar liabilities of .m EUR as of the reporting date prior year .m EUR of which an amount of .m EUR prior year .m EUR is due to a reverse factoring provider on account of reverse factoring agreements between Zalando and suppliers which were identified as related parties. Furthermore trade and other receivables from related parties amount to .m EUR prior year .m EUR.Merchandise of .m EUR was ordered from these related parties in the reporting period. In the prior year the order volume totalled .m EUR. In addition goods totalling .m EUR were sold to related parties prior year .m EUR. Furthermore Zalando provided services to related parties totalling .m EUR prior year .m EUR.In contrast transactions with our key management personnel only related to the exercise of options under our sharebased payment awards granted to the members and former members of the management board as part of the management board remuneration. In the reporting period a total of options under ZOP were exercised by two members of the management board. In the prioryear period one member of the management board exercised options under ZOP and one former member of the management board exercised options under LTI .Related parties controlled by Zalando SE are presented in the list of shareholdings see .. . Shareholdings.

Score 0.442
Distribution Our logistics partners and those of our brand partners deliver products to our customers or we sell them from our outlet stores. 

Score 0.441
Our audit approach Based on our understanding of the process we assessed the design and implementation of identified internal controls relating to the determination of the expected net realisable value. In doing so we analysed the determination of the costs necessary to make the sale allocated to the sales and the loss rates observed in the past for the respective distribution and utilisation channels.Furthermore we examined the acquisition costs for a randomly selected sample and the season allocation of goods for a randomly selected sample.In addition we assessed the Companys analyses of the seasonality of fashion and constantly changing trends and based on the Companys historical experience evaluated whether the discounts recorded were appropriate. We assessed these historical empirical values on the basis of the analyses of sales results prepared by the Company. We assessed the specific valuation allowances recognised for outlet goods on the basis of comparable sales transactions in the financial year.Finally we set expected values for the required valuation allowances on the basis of the aforementioned calculation methods and compared these with the companys calculations.Our observations The assumptions used to determine the value adjustments for inventories goods and the judgement exercised by the legal representatives are appropriate.

Score 0.441
.Trade payables and similar liabilities and prepayments receivedTrade payables and similar liabilities decreased by .m EUR to .m EUR in . Zalando has supplier finance arrangements containing contracts in which finance providers factor purchase claims held by some of our suppliers against us for goods delivered to Zalando reverse factoring. These arrangements provide our suppliers with early payment terms compared to the related invoice payment due dates and provide us with longer payment terms in comparison to liabilities that are not subject to these reverse factoring arrangements. Zalando does not provide any additional security or guarantees under these arrangements.As of December suppliers claims against Zalando totalling .m EUR thereof .m EUR for which suppliers have already received payments were transferred to various reverse factoring providers prior year .m EUR. These balances were recognised under current liabilities i.e. trade payables and similar liabilities because they have been assessed as similar in nature and function to trade payables. Accordingly payments made to reverse factoring providers including interest paid are presented in the cash flow from operating activities see section .. . Notes to the statement of cash flows.Payment due dates after the invoice date for liabilities that are subject to reverse factoring vary between to days. Comparable trade payables with suppliers outside of reverse factoring have payment due dates after the invoice date of typically to days. There was no business combination exchange difference or other transaction that led to material noncash changes in trade payables and similar liabilities during .Prepayments received pertain to advance payments received from customers for orders. The balance of prepayments received as of the beginning of the reporting period was recognised in revenue in the financial year as for the prior year after delivery of the goods taking into account the returns of the underlying orders.

Score 0.44
The provisions for dismantling obligations are exclusively related to leasehold improvements. The increase was mainly related to our fulfilment centres in France Sweden Poland and Germany. Other provisions pertain to provisions for staff which increased as a result of the acquisition of Highsnobiety as well as retention obligations. In addition other provisions pertain to provisions for impending losses which increased resulting from our plan to not use parts of our office buildings for our own business any longer.The following table shows the maturities of the provisions at the end of financial year 

Score 0.44
eq..Purchased goods and servicestCO

Score 0.44
The nonpersonnel costs included predominately ITrelated costs office expenses depreciation and impairments for rightofuse assets as well as legal and advisory expenses.. Other operating incomeOther operating income amounted to .m EUR in prior year .m EUR. Indemnification for damages income from a sublease as well as income relating to other periods that cannot be classified by function were the main contributors to other operating income.. Other operating expensesOther operating expenses amounted to .m EUR prior year .m EUR. These other operating expenses relate to disposals of assets refer to sections .. . Property plant and equipment .. . Intangible assets and .. . Rightofuse assets and lease liabilities damages expenses relating to other periods that cannot be classified by function as well as donations. In the prior year other operating expenses mainly comprised severance and garden leave expenses relating to our reshaping programme of .m EUR.

Score 0.439
Transport Our logistics partners transport products to our fulfilment and return centres. 

Score 0.438
. Rightofuse assets and lease liabilitiesZalandos leases are related mainly to buildings e.g. fulfilment centres office buildings and outlets. These contracts include options to extend and in some cases terminate the contracts. Furthermore these contracts include variable payments depending on the development of consumer price indexes as well as payments relating to nonlease components e.g. service costs. Other leases recognised in rightofuse assets relate mainly to other equipment e.g. company cars as well as technical equipment and machinery.At the end of the reporting period rightofuse assets totalled .m EUR prior year .m EUR. Additions to rightofuse assets amounted to .m EUR prior year.m EUR and relate mainly to the commencement of the lease contracts of a fulfilment centre in France as well as an office building and new outlets in Germany. As of the reporting date the carrying amount of the lease receivable for an office sublease in Berlin that commenced in was .m EUR prior year .m EUR and the sum of the undiscounted lease payments to be received amounted to .m EUR prior year .m EUR. The difference of .m EUR prior year .m EUR represents unearned finance income. In each of the following five years undiscounted lease payments of .m EUR prior year .m EUR will be received. The remainder of the undiscounted lease payments of .m EUR prior year .m EUR is due over the course of the remaining lease term after this fiveyear period.During the financial year Zalando recognised depreciation in the amount of .m EUR prior year .m EUR. Of this an amount of .m EUR prior year .m EUR was recognised in cost of sales .m EUR prior year .m EUR in selling and distribution costs and .m EUR prior year .m EUR in administrative expenses. A total amount of .m EUR prior year .m EUR of the recognised depreciation resulted from the impairment of rightofuse assets for buildings which are not planned to be used for our own business any longer. A breakdown by class of the underlying asset is as follows

Score 0.438
.. Environmental informationDisclosures pursuant to Article of EU Taxonomy regulation

Score 0.437
Category EndofLife treatment of sold goods

Score 0.435
in m EURChangeTotal...thereof historical acquisition costs...thereof changes of allowances...thereof fulfilment services...thereof other...

Score 0.435
considered the process for identifying taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned economic activities and the corresponding disclosures in the Group Sustainability Statement.

Score 0.433
Downstream value chain logistics and transportation customer use phase customers include anyone purchasing products from our websites and outlets endoflife and circularity customer engagement and platform partners.The scope of our DMA concerning our upstream andor downstream value chain is detailed in the Impacts risks and opportunities section below. The extent to which policies actions targets and metrics incorporate value chain information is detailed in the relevant disclosure requirements. The identified metrics the basis for preparation the resulting level of accuracy and the planned actions to improve accuracy in the future are specified in the sustainabilityrelated accounting policy described next to each reported metric.We use assessments and estimates for the reporting of some metrics. For example we rely on industry averages or estimates for some scope emissions categories due to challenges concerning data availability. Visibility into Tier and Tier suppliers is still developing across the whole fashion industry. Customer use phase impacts are estimated based on available research. For the outcome uncertainty of each metric we disclose the sources of the estimates contributing to the uncertainty. We regularly reassess our use of estimates and judgements based on experience the development of ESG reporting as well as on a number of other factors. Besides the limited assurance engagement conducted by KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft Berlin the metrics were not additionally validated by any external body.We did not use the option to omit a specific piece of information corresponding to intellectual property knowhow or the results of innovation.References to additional information in other parts of the management report the financial statements and notes demonstrate the interconnectivity between sustainability reporting and 

Score 0.433
Recyclable content in products Current reporting guidelines do not yet define how to assess the recyclable content of fashion products. After thoroughly analysing existing industry standards and regulations related to recyclability and metric methodologies we explored the possibility of establishing an internal metric for product recyclability. However we concluded that the available definitions and methodologies do not meet the qualitative characteristics QC of information required by ESRS . Specifically we are unable to ensure faithful representation QCQC or provide comparable data over time QCQC. CSRD aims to standardise sustainability reporting across companies with sectorspecific standards expected to result in reliable and comparable information. In line with this objective we have excluded the recyclability of products from the sustainability statement as we believe current methodologies would not deliver the level of transparency and consistency required.Recyclable content in product packaging Our current methodology considers product packaging recyclable if the material making up of the product packaging meets specific criteria for recycling processes. According to the minimum standard defined by the Central Agency Packaging Register Zentrale Stelle Verpackungsregister mechanically recyclable means that the packaging can be sorted and processed using available industrial recycling technologies to produce highquality recyclates. This involves assessing the material composition of the packaging the presence of appropriate sorting and recycling infrastructure and ensuring the packaging can substitute virgin material in typical applications after recycling. We consider a material as recyclable when we have self declarations from suppliers or when the specifications of the material indicate that it is paper paperboard or cardboard and aligns with the definition of fibrous material in the standard mentioned above.The rate of recyclable content in products packaging in is ..Waste In the fashion ecommerce sector waste generation primarily comes from two sources packaging and textile waste. At Zalando we are committed to reducing our environmental impact by addressing both of these areas

Score 0.433
Active customersActive customers is the number of customers who have placed at least one order in the last months during the reporting period irrespective of returns. The number of customers who have completely cancelled their orders is excluded.Adjusted EBITAdjusted EBIT is EBIT before equitysettled sharebased payment expenses restructuring costs acquisitionrelated expenses and significant nonoperating onetime effects.Average basket sizeAverage basket size is the gross merchandise volume including the gross merchandise volume from our partner business after cancellations and returns and including VAT divided by the number of orders in the last months of the reporting period. Average GMV per active customerAverage gross merchandise volume GMV per active customer is the average value of all merchandise sold to active customers after cancellations and returns and including VAT in the last months of the reporting period.Average orders per active customerAverage orders per active customer is the number of orders in the last months of the reporting period divided by the number of active customers.CapexCapex is the sum of the payments for investments in fixed assets and intangible assets excluding payments for the acquisition of companies.EBITEBIT is the earnings before interest and taxes.EBIT marginEBIT margin is EBIT as a percentage of revenue.Free cash flowFree cash flow is the cash flow from operating activities plus cash flow from investment activities excluding investments in time deposits and restricted cash.GMVGMV gross merchandise volume is defined as the value of all merchandise sold to customers after cancellations and returns and including VAT dynamically reported. It neither includes BB revenues e.g. ZEOS services nor other BC revenues e.g. partner business commissions Zalando Marketing Services and service charges like express delivery fees 

Score 0.432
General informationProvisions are recognised in accordance with IAS when the group has a present obligation legal or constructive as a result of a past event it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate of the amount of the obligation can be made.A best estimate is made of the amount of the provisions taking into consideration all the expected risks arising from the obligation. This refers to the amount that is most likely needed to settle the liability. Provisions with a residual term of more than one year are discounted on the reporting date.Dismantling obligationsThe group recognises provisions for dismantling obligations for leasehold improvements in the leased fulfilment centres office buildings and outlets. The provision is recognised at an amount equivalent to the present value of the estimated future dismantling obligations. The dismantling obligations are recognised as part of the cost of leasehold improvements for the corresponding amount. The estimated cash flows are discounted using a discount rate that adequately reflects the maturity and the risk profile. Unwinding of the obligation is recognised as an interest expense in the income statement.

Score 0.432
in m EURAs of salesAs of salesChange in percentagepointsRevenue. . . . . ppOwn work capitalised. . . . . ppOther operating income. . . . . ppCost of materials.. .. . ppGross profit. . . . . ppPersonnel expenses.. .. . ppAmortisation and depreciation.. .. . ppOther operating expenses.. .. . ppOperating result. . . . . ppFinancial result. . . . . ppEarnings before taxes. . . . . ppIncome taxes.. .. . ppOther taxes.. . . . ppNet incomeloss for the year. . . . . ppOperating result margin . . . pp

Score 0.432
team under the responsibility of our SVP Corporate GovernanceGeneral Counsel. Additionally the policy specifies expectations and requirements for all our business partners within the supply chain encompassing suppliers service providers platform partners distributors consultants agents and subcontractors. Our Human Rights Officer monitors the ongoing activities described in the policy and reports to the management board. We continuously evaluate the effectiveness of our approach updating our practices as required. To this end we use the databases in place to document our risk mitigating measures such as audits business partner checks and investigations and their results in order to assess them against their appropriateness for risk mitigation in the concrete area. Such an assessment might then for example trigger additional mitigating measures in specific parts of our supply chain.Child labour prevention and remediation policy In we introduced a strict child labour prevention and remediation policy that complements our Code of Conduct and human rights strategy. This policy aligned with German and international regulations is embedded in the contracts with our private label business partners and outlines expectations for these partners and their subcontractors to prevent identify and remediate child labour issues thus ensuring continuous improvement. Business partners must be committed to eliminating child labour forced labour and other exploitative practices of children and implement written rules control mechanisms and training programmes to prevent such violations. The policy also covers topics such as working hours health and safety measures and access to child care services and education. The implementation of processes described therein is with the responsibility of our Private Label team overseen at the VP level.Modern slavery statement Our modern slavery statement aligned with international frameworks including the relevant ILO Conventions sets out our commitment to preventing modern slavery throughout our business operations and supply chain. Published on our corporate website in accordance with the United Kingdoms Modern Slavery Act the statement details our efforts to prevent and address human rights violations including modern slavery.Workers in the value chain engagement Impacts concerns and remediation channelsOur due diligence programme supports us in preventing identifying managing and remediating potential violations of our standards in our operations supply chain and business partnerships as per due diligence requirements. The programme is implemented through four cyclical steps

Score 0.431
Other legal and regulatory requirements

Score 0.431
In GMV increased by . to .m EUR prior year .m EUR supported by successful demand activation across our lifestyle propositions such as Sports and Kids Family favourable seasonal trading patterns as well as a stabilising trend in online sales. As of December the group had . million active customers compared to . million active customers as of December corresponding to an increase of .. GMV per active customer remained broadly stable with . reaching . EUR. In the average basket size per order reached . EUR corresponding to a . increase and compensating for the decline in average orders per active customer to . . compared to . Along with this a growing number of customers adopted multiple propositions including Fashion Beauty Designer Sports Kids Family Lounge by Zalando and Preowned.Revenue was up . to .m EUR prior year .m EUR supported by the positive GMV development of our retail business continued growth of our partner business as well as strong revenue growth in BB. In we continued to grow our partner business GMV by . thereby reaching a partner business GMV share of . compared to . in the prior year. The difference between GMV and revenue development is inherent in our partner business model where selling prices are fully reflected in the GMV metric while revenue only includes commission income on the selling price. Revenue from our ZMS as well as from our BB segment including Zalando Fulfilment Solutions ZFS and our newly launched multichannel offering is considered in revenue but not in GMV.Cost of sales only slightly increased by . yearonyear from .m EUR to .m EUR. Our focus on inventory management led to improved sellthrough rates thereby strengthening our gross margins which rose to . yearonyear prior year .. 

Score 0.43
The consolidated financial statements take into account all IFRS Standards endorsed as of the reporting date and whose adoption is mandatory in the European Union.Amendments relate to minor changes to IFRS IFRS IAS and IAS . The application of all amended IFRS Standards was mandatory for annual periods beginning on or after January . No amended standard subject to firsttime application in financial year had a material impact on Zalandos financial performance or position. However the application of amendments to IAS and IFRS led to additional disclosure requirements for supplier finance arrangements that are presented in section .. . Trade payables and similar liabilities and prepayments received.Furthermore no standard or amended standard for which early adoption is permitted has been applied in the financial year.

Score 0.429
Category Processing of sold products We do not sell intermediate products for further processing.

Score 0.429
Frominterestaffectingprofit orlossFrom subsequent measurementaffecting profit or lossFromdisposalaffectingprofit orlossin m EURFairvalueadjustmentCurrency translationAllowancesTotal AssetsAmortised costs......Fair value through profit or loss......LiabilitiesAmortised cost......Total......

Score 0.428
in m EUR Jan UsageAdditionReleaseInterestexpense Dec Provisions for dismantling obligations......Other provisions......Total......

Score 0.428
. Selling and distribution costs

Score 0.427
Cost of sales consisted mainly of cost of materials personnel costs allowances on inventories depreciation thirdparty services and infrastructure costs.

Score 0.426
Management is responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that comply in all material respects with IFRSs as adopted by the EU and the additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to Section e HGB and that the consolidated financial statements in compliance with these requirements give a true and fair view of the assets liabilities financial position and financial performance of the Group. In addition management is responsible for such internal control as they have determined necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement whether due to fraud i.e. fraudulent financial reporting and misappropriation of assets or error. In preparing the consolidated financial statements management is responsible for assessing the Groups ability to continue as a going concern. They also have the responsibility for disclosing as applicable matters related to going concern. In addition they are responsible for financial reporting based on the going concern basis of accounting unless there is an intention to liquidate the Group or to cease operations or there is no realistic alternative but to do so.Furthermore management is responsible for the preparation of the group management report that as a whole provides an appropriate view of the Groups position and is in all material respects consistent with the consolidated financial statements complies with German legal requirements and appropriately presents the opportunities and risks of future development. In addition management is responsible for such arrangements and measures systems as they have considered necessary to enable the preparation of a group management report that is in accordance with the applicable German legal requirements and to be able to provide sufficient appropriate evidence for the assertions in the group management report. 

Score 0.425
related technical screening criteria for the remaining four environmental objectives. As for we did not identify any significant activity under the regulations for . Our approach of assessing economic activities under the EU Taxonomy Regulation for financial year is explained in more detail below.Our approachFor our financial year we are required to assess the alignment of our eligible economic activities within the six environmental objectives

Score 0.422
In addition the supervisory board dealt with the following focus areasAt its ordinary meeting on March the supervisory board discussed and examined the annual financial statements the consolidated financial statements as well as the combined management report including the nonfinancial declaration for the financial year. In accordance with the recommendations of the audit committee the supervisory board approved the annual financial statements and consolidated financial statements together with the combined management report. The annual financial statements were thus adopted. At this meeting the supervisory board also approved the remuneration report and followed the proposal of the management board for the appropriation of profit for financial year . In addition the supervisory board adopted a resolution regarding its report for financial year and dealt with the agenda for the annual general meeting in . The supervisory board also discussed the updated group strategy to build a panEuropean fashion and lifestyle ecommerce ecosystem around its two key growth vectors businesstoconsumer BC and businesstobusiness BB. Furthermore it dealt with and approved the updated remuneration system for the members of the management board and approved a share buyback programme on the basis of the authorisation granted by the annual general meeting to meet the companys obligations under its option programmes to employees of the Zalando group and to members of the management board. At its extraordinary meeting on April the supervisory board discussed and approved the adoption of the responsibilities within the management board and in particular the envisaged change of the coCEO position from David Schneider to David Schröder to ensure the effective execution of the updated group strategy.The ordinary meeting of the supervisory board on May centred on the report of the Chief People Officer on updates in the area of people organisation and company culture. In addition the members of the supervisory board received a briefing on the upcoming annual general meeting. Following the recommendation of the remuneration committee at its extraordinary meeting on August the supervisory board approved the extension of Dr Astrid Arndts appointment for a term of four years from September to August . Also on the recommendation of the remuneration committee the supervisory board dealt with the adjustment in remuneration reflecting the changed roles of David Schneider and David Schröder on the management board and approved the respective new service agreements. All three contract renewals were concluded in accordance with the new remuneration system for the members of the management board which was approved by the annual general meeting on May . The ordinary meeting on September focused on strategic updates. In particular the supervisory board dealt with the inspiration and entertainment pillar in the groups BC strategy as well as the logistics network strategy updated according to the companys new strategic ambitions. The supervisory board further discussed Zalandos initiatives and potential opportunities around the use of generative artificial intelligence. 

Score 0.422
The material agreements that are subject to the condition of a change of control involve the revolving credit facility the convertible bonds various reverse factoring agreements as well as individual agreements in the areas of BB fulfilment services third party logistics services and packaging supply. In the event of a change of control these agreements provide the right to terminate the agreement and accelerate repayment or for factors the right to terminate the agreement or renegotiate the contractual terms. In the event of a change of control each bondholder is entitled to call all or any of its bonds that have not yet been converted or redeemed. If a bondholder cancels the bonds the bonds must be repaid on the control acquisition date.

Score 0.422
it is expected to be realised or intended to be sold or consumed within the normal operating cycle

Score 0.422
Resource use and circular economy As a fashion retailer our reliance on raw materials such as cotton polyester and leather makes us susceptible to longterm supply reductions due to climate change. In the short to mediumterm we must adhere to new regulations such as the Ecodesign for Sustainable Products Regulation and aim to increase our use of recycled materials while diminishing our reliance on primary resources to enhance resilience. At Zalando we perceive these challenges as opportunities to develop innovative business and customer types predicated on circularity. For further information please refer to ESRS E Resource use and circular economy in section .. Environmental information.Own workforce and workers in the value chain Our policies and practices impact our employees and those in our value chains. We include these individuals in our human rights due diligence risk assessments and policies on human rights and modern slavery. Our efforts aim to foster a healthy and safe work environment provide stable employment establish grievance mechanisms and prevent child and forced labour in our value chain. We prioritise measures positively impacting our employees and workers in our value chain by building a loyal diverse and skilled workforce improving health and safety standards and enhancing supplier employment practices. To address gender equality and disability inclusion we have implemented several activities and integrated works councils deep into our organisation. Employee Resource Groups ERGs allow diverse talents to voice important topics. Additionally we are members of several organisations that help us adopt best practices. For further information please refer to ESRS S Own workforce and ESRS S Workers in the value chain in section .. Social information.Consumers and endusers Our key impacts on consumers include ensuring product safety and enhancing shopping satisfaction by providing timely relevant quality information such as return policies and detailed product descriptions. Our objective is to enable consumers to make informed choices with an assortment and brands that align with their values. This includes serving a diverse and inclusive consumer base by offering a wide range of sizes cosmetics for various skin tones as well as Adaptive fashion

Score 0.421
Purchasing processes 

Score 0.42
A business combination is a transaction in which an acquirer obtains control of one or more businesses. Within the scope of the firsttime consolidation of such a business all acquired assets and liabilities are recognised in the statement of financial position at their fair value at the acquisition date. Any excess of the consideration transferred including any noncontrolling interest or any previously held equity interest over the proportionate fair value of identifiable assets liabilities and contingent liabilities is shown as goodwill. Any shortfall is recorded in the statement of profit or loss as a gain on a bargain purchase.The consolidated financial statements comprise Zalando SE and its subsidiaries over which the company has control within the meaning of IFRS .The separate financial statements of the entities included in the consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the basis of the parent companys uniform accounting policies.Intercompany receivables and liabilities are offset against each other. Offsetting differences are recognised through profit or loss if they arise in the reporting period. The company eliminates intercompany profits or losses from intercompany supplies and services and recognises deferred tax benefits and expenses from consolidation entries through profit or loss. The consolidation of intercompany profits or losses involves offsetting intercompany revenue and other intercompany income against the corresponding expenses.Shares in associates i.e. entities over which the owner can exercise significant influence within the meaning of IAS are accounted for using the equity method. The same applies to joint ventures within the meaning of IFRS i.e. arrangements whereby two or more parties have joint control over the net assets of the arrangement. Such investments are initially recorded at cost and subsequently updated to include any changes in the share of the investees joint venture net assets attributable to the investor joint venturer after the acquisition date.The consolidation policies were applied unchanged compared to the prior year.

Score 0.42
In line with the provisions of LTI and LTI the companys consolidated revenue was adjusted to include full partner business merchandise volume i.e. not including partner business commission only as in revenue but treating the partner business as wholesale thus grossed up to show of the partner business merchandise volume.

Score 0.419
in m EURNotes ..Revenue...Cost of sales...Gross profit..Fulfilment costs...Marketing costs...Administrative expenses...Other operating income...Other operating expenses...Earnings before interest and taxes EBIT..Interest and similar income..Interest and similar expenses..Other financial result..Financial result...Earnings before taxes EBT..Income taxes...Net incomeloss for the period..Basic earnings per share in EUR...Diluted earnings per share in EUR...

Score 0.419
ChangeKey performance indicatorsGross merchandise volume GMV in m EUR.. . Revenue in m EUR.. . Adjusted EBIT in m EUR.. . Adjusted EBIT margin as ...ppEBIT in m EUR..EBIT margin as ...ppCapex in m EUR... Active customers LTM in m.. . Number of orders in m.. . Average GMV per active customer LTM in EUR.. . Average orders per active customer LTM... Average basket size LTM in EUR.. . Other key figuresNet working capital in m EUR.. . Equity ratio as of total assets...ppCash flow from operating activities in m EUR... Cash flow from investing activities in m EUR.. . Free cash flow in m EUR... Cash and cash equivalents in m EUR.. . Average number of employees. Basic earnings per share in EUR..Diluted earnings per share in EUR..

Score 0.418
All product categories such as fashion footwear accessories and electronics are reported in aggregate form. The resource inflow metrics refer to all products and materials used for the production of products and packaging. The reported data reflects the materials in their original state including product and packaging weight and material composition as they enter our facilities. The resource inflow metrics were calculated using all available article and packaging data including weight material composition and sustainably sourced and recycled materials data. This includes materials adhering to thirdparty certifications or licensed or trademarked standards such as the Global Recycle Standard and the Global Organic Textile Standard. Packaging material is considered sustainably sourced if it meets one of the following conditions i the supplier provides material that is specifically FSCcertified ii the supplier holds an FSC certificate for their company and Zalando includes a contractual requirement that all materials delivered must be FSCcertified or iii the packaging is labelled as FSC MIX or FSC RECYCLED confirming compliance with FSC sustainability standards. Sustainably sourced and recycled material data undergo automated validation processes to ensure accuracy and applicability. Additionally a binary classification system is applied to distinguish between technical and biological materials. Data duplication is prevented via various mechanisms including i building distinct article provision into the calculation methodology ii ensuring comparability of data across metrics iii comparing of aggregate data results with GHG accounting results and iv testing results for duplication prior to calculation.As a multibrand retail platform Zalandos ability to acquire product sustainabilityrelated data is partly limited. We know that many of our business partners struggle to significantly increase the use of sustainably sourced materials in their own assortments due to technological challenges in innovation and price premiums for many of these materials and customers willingness to pay more for sustainable products. Even when our partners have successfully integrated these materials into their assortments the lack of unified data standards evolving regulatory requirements and difficulty in data sharing processes presents an added challenge to share this information upstream with a multibrand retailer like Zalando. We anticipate that the use of such materials throughout the fashion sector will organically increase in coming years as regulatory ecodesign and reporting requirements continue to expand in Europe. However we aim to continue enabling and encouraging business partners on our platform to adopt sustainablysourced recycled materials and design strategies that support the circular economy through our sustainable sourcing policy and our voluntary sustainabilityrelated claim framework.

Score 0.418
Methodology used for target setting Our shortterm emissions reduction targets were developed in accordance with the SBTi targetsetting framework. Our targets encompass scope and emissions with scope and marketbased scope targets based on the SBTis absolute contraction methodology. With reference to the GHGP and SBTi requirements the targets were derived from a GHG emissions baseline inventory developed around the time of SBTs submission that follows the operational control approach GHGP scope as opposed to the financial control plus operational control approach required by ESRS E ESRS E scope. Under ESRS E scope and GHG emissions shall first include the emissions of the consolidated accounting group of Zalando financial control and additionally account for the emissions of business partners over which Zalando has operational control. Operational control is defined in Annex of the Delegated Act as the situation where the undertaking has the ability to direct the operational activities and relationships of the entity site operation or asset. Six logistic centres which are part of the consolidated accounting group of Zalando i.e. scope and under ESRS E are accounted for in our GHGP scope within scope category upstream transportation and distribution. Thus our shortterm emissions reduction targets scope and portion covers . when considering locationbased emissions . when considering marketbased emissions of the financial year GHG emissions inventory ESRS E scope disclosed under E. Additionally Zalando includes in scope category purchased goods and services emissions associated with goods sold by Zalando partner business. These emissions have been integrated into our baseline GHG inventory and SBTs i.e. included in our GHGP scope. In the ESRS E scope only the portions of these emissions that need to be disclosed in scope categories and according to the ESRS E requirements should be considered. Please refer to the table E GHG emissions for an overview of both GHG inventories.The development and approval of these targets involved extensive engagement with internal stakeholders during and prior to submission to the SBTi. Both our annual GHG inventory and progress towards our public climate targets are disclosed annually including through the Carbon Disclosure Project CDP. To ensure our targets were representative the baseline year of for Zalandos scope and targets was selected based on the most recent GHG inventory available during the targetsetting process reflecting Zalandos average performance. The methodologies and frameworks used in setting our SBTs are based on foundational inputs from the IPCC and International Energy Agency pathways for corporate decarbonisation. In the absence of sectorspecific pathways the global crosssector pathway of the SBTi was used as a basis. Through the SBTi validation process SBTi assessed that our scope and targets are aligned with .C IPCC decarbonisation pathways. The SBTi is an organisation that helps companies to set sciencebased climate targets. The targets of the SBTi are widely accepted and are considered to be sciencebased. The methodology of the SBTi is subject to inherent uncertainties regarding the underlying scientific findings and forwardlooking assumptions about the reduction of GHG emissions necessary to achieve the .C reduction pathway. Updated scientific findings on the course of climate change could lead to a change in the SBTi methodology and the assessment of whether the ambition level of the targets is sufficient to limit global warming to .C.

Score 0.416
in m EUR Dec Dec ChangeEquity. . . . . . Noncurrent liabilities. . . . .. Current liabilities. . . . . . Total equity and liabilities. . . . . . 

Score 0.414
Mechanical recyclability documentation Upon written request suppliers shall provide documentation on mechanical recyclability of products e.g. ISO certification as proof of selfdeclared recyclable claim.These stringent requirements have been introduced to new and renewed contracts with packaging suppliers starting in . By integrating these sustainability requirements into our contractual agreements we aim to gain comprehensive insights into the environmental impacts of each of our packaging products facilitating informed decisionmaking and identifying areas for improvement. We also aim to ensure that the materials used in packaging 