Scores_e_WATER SUPPLY; SEWERAGE, WASTE MANAGEMENT AND REMEDIATION ACTIVITIESScore 0.61
Total Waste generated in tons.Total hazardous waste generated.Total nonhazardous waste generated.Nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal in tons.Nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal due to preparation for reuse.Nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal due to recycling.Nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal due to other recovery operations.Nonhazardous waste directed to disposal in tons.Nonhazardous waste directed to disposal by incineration.Nonhazardous waste directed to disposal by landfilling.Nonhazardous waste directed to disposal by other disposal operations.Nonrecycled waste in tons.Percentage of nonrecycled waste.

Score 0.606
Category Waste generated in operations

Score 0.592
Minimising water pollution Our aim is to identify key sources of water pollution and opportunities to minimise it including ensuring that wastewater is treated to meet or exceed environmental standards before discharge. 

Score 0.586
. of our total generated waste is recycled while only . is incinerated and just . is disposed by landfilling. Waste categorisation and data collection Our waste is categorised as either hazardous or nonhazardous with key examples of each as follows

Score 0.558
Enhancing product and service design We will continue to integrate sustainable business practices including water efficiency and water pollution prevention into the design and classification of our products and services. This includes identifying materials and processes which require less water and which generate minimal wastewater.The scope of our water management policy in includes

Score 0.548
For nonlogistics facilities e.g. office spaces showrooms retail spaces etc. Water consumption is estimated to be of the water withdrawn from the water supply network. The estimation is based primarily on data from the literature and the range is adjusted to account for geography nature of activities in these spaces primarily nonintensive water use activities where a high share of water withdrawn is returned to the sewer system. 

Score 0.547
Actions and resources related to water managementOur key action is the factory improvement programme the initiative to engage factories in our private labels value chain to address their carbon and water impacts. Participating factories develop and sign off on action plans to improve their water and energy management. For further information on the initiative please refer to Actions and resources related to climate change policies in section ESRS E Climate change.Targets related to water managementWe are currently in the exploratory phase and have not yet set specific water targets in line with the ESRS. We are considering water quality quantity and risk and stress levers. The monitoring of water consumption will be used to track the effectiveness of our water management policy related to water quantity for our own operations. As the policy emphasises efficient water use tracking consumption will allow us to measure progress towards our objectives. The year will act as the baseline for future evaluations providing a reference point for our ongoing improvement efforts.Metrics for our water consumptionIn we focused on establishing our corporate water footprint and water risk assessment starting with our own operations water metrics calculation.

Score 0.543
Nonhazardous waste . of total waste generated includes paper cardboard metals plastic packaging biodegradable kitchen waste and nondangerous electronic waste.

Score 0.541
Hazardous waste . of total waste generated includes certain beauty products dangerous ewaste and packaging materials containing chemicals.Waste data is collected at the site level where waste quantities and treatment routes are documented by our waste service providers. Precise weighing ensures accuracy and any missing data is estimated based on averages from similar sites or previous time periods.We do not provide comparative data for the first year of preparing the sustainability statement except in cases where data has been disclosed in previous years and is comparable meaning it aligns in terms of scope and methodology with the current years figures. Since the and waste data are not directly comparable due to the aggregation of the waste data in accordance with the applicable ESRS scope we do not disclose the waste data.Extended producer responsibility EPR As part of our commitment to responsible waste management we participate in EPR programmes. We work with multiple producer responsibility organisations PROs across our markets to ensure responsible collection recycling and disposal of products and packaging. This collaboration ensures compliance with EPR regulations and supports recycling infrastructure. To meet our EPR obligations we submit detailed reports to authorities and PROs enhancing transparency in our waste management processes. Additionally we contribute financially through EPR fees helping to support efficient product disposal and recycling.

Score 0.536
 at facilities in our own operations.Total water consumption in areas at water risk To identify areas of high water risk we employ a composite index approach that aggregates multiple waterrelated risks i.e. physical risk quantity physical risk quality and regulatory and reputational risks allowing for a comprehensive risk assessment. The calculation is performed on via the World Resources Institute Aqueduct tool which returns values for the total water risk on a scale from low risk to extremely high risk. The assessment covered logistics and nonlogistics sites. Among all Zalando sites only our fulfilment centre in Lodz Poland is classified as in an area at high overall water risk. Water consumption in areas at water risk is calculated as the sum of all water consumption at facilities that are located in areas of high and extremely high overall water risk scores from to . Total water recycled and reused The total water recycled and reused is the amount of water and wastewater treated or untreated that has been used more than once within Zalando before being discharged. 

Score 0.532
Water pollution arising from the material processing phase particularly during dyeing and involving the use of water and chemicals.

Score 0.527
An item of property plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no further economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the asset calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset is included in the statement of profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.The residual values useful lives and methods of depreciation of property plant and equipment are reviewed at the end of each financial year and adjusted prospectively if appropriate.

Score 0.527
Our water stewardship guiding objectives and management principles are

Score 0.525
.Total water recycled and reusedm

Score 0.523
Resource outflows Waste

Score 0.521
eq..Waste generated in operationstCO

Score 0.503
ESRS EGross scopes and total GHG emissionsESRS EGHG removals and GHG mitigation projects financed through carbon creditsESRS EInternal carbon pricingESRS E PollutionESRS EESRS IRODescription of the processes to identify and assess material pollutionrelated impacts risks and opportunitiesESRS EPolicies related to pollutionESRS EActions and resources related to pollutionESRS ETargets related to pollutionESRS E Water resourcesESRS EESRS IRODescription of the processes to identify and assess material water resourcesrelated impacts risks and opportunitiesESRS EPolicies related to water resourcesESRS EActions and resources related to water resourcesESRS ETargets related to water resourcesESRS EWater consumptionESRS E Resource use and circular economyESRS EESRS IRODescription of the processes to identify and assess material resource use and circular economyrelated impacts risks and opportunitiesESRS EPolicies related to resource use and circular economyESRS EActions and resources related to resource use and circular economyESRS ETargets related to resource use and circular economyESRS EResource inflowsESRS EResource outflowsESRS S Own workforceESRS SESRS SBMInterests and views of stakeholdersESRS SESRS SBMMaterial impacts risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business modelESRS SPolicies related to own workforceESRS SProcesses for engaging with own workforce and workers representatives about impactsESRS SProcesses to remediate negative impacts and channels for own workforce to raise concerns ESRS STaking action on material impacts on own workforce and approaches to managing material risks and pursuing material opportunities related to own workforce and effectiveness of those actionsESRS STargets related to managing material negative impacts advancing positive impacts and managing material risks and opportunitiesESRS SCharacteristics of the undertakings employees ESRS SCollective bargaining coverage and social dialogueESRS SDiversity metrics ESRS SAdequate wagesESRS SSocial protectionESRS SHealth and safety metricsESRS SWorklife balance metricsESRS SRemuneration metrics pay gap and total remunerationDisclosure requirementTitleReference

Score 0.503
Nature of operating activities

Score 0.499
Pollution prevention and control

Score 0.499
DNSH criteria Do No Significant HarmClimate change mitigation YNClimate change adaptationYNWaterYNPollutionYNCircular EconomyYNBiodiversityYNMinimum safeguardsYNProportion of Taxonomyaligned A.. oreligible A.. turnover Category enabling activity ECategory transitional activity T. ..

Score 0.492
Chemical pollution processes such as bleaching printing and finishing often involve harmful chemicals that if not properly managed can be released into the environment.The material environmental impacts resulting from the DMA occur during the production and distribution stages including raw material extraction textile production and transportation. These stages are outside our direct operations. Within our own operations emissions are comparatively nonsignificant. For example noncarbon emissions to air of our fulfilment centres are significantly lower than the emissions generated by the manufacturing processes. Similarly microplastics potentially generated from our operations if present are minimal compared to the microplastics generated during the use phase of a fashion product over its life span. We did not screen site locations for pollutionrelated IROs as none of the sites under our operation and control have emission sources that require reporting according to Regulation EC No of the European Parliament and of the Council European Pollutant Release and Transfer Register EPRTR Regulation. Affected communities along the value chain were not directly consulted during the DMA. For further information on stakeholder engagement in our DMA please refer to Impacts risks and opportunities in section .. General information. For these reasons our disclosures on pollution focus on our policies and actions related to chemical management. Accordingly we have not yet established any groupwide policies actions or targets in relation to pollution of air water soil and microplastics in line with the ESRS. Reporting on pollution metrics disclosure requirements ESRS E and E for our own operations is not included as it is considered not material to Zalando according to our DMA.Policies related to pollutionTo manage upstream and downstream impacts and comply with regulations we have developed a chemical management system. This includes the Restricted Substances List RSL to determine chemical requirements and limits for harmful substances in products. For private labels the Manufacturing Restricted Substances List MRSL restricts chemicals in production aligned with Zero Discharge of Hazardous Chemicals standards. For more information on our chemical management system and the processes for remediating negative impacts please refer to ESRS S Consumers and endusers personal safety in section ... Social information.

Score 0.49
Overall total weight of technical and biological materials used during the reporting period in tons.Overall total weight of products and technical materials.Overall total weight of products and biological materials.Percentage of biological materials that is sustainably sourced.Products.Packaging.The absolute weight of secondary reused or recycled components secondary intermediary products and secondary materials used to manufacture the undertakings products and services in tons.Products.Packaging.Percentage of secondary reused or recycled components secondary intermediary products and packaging and secondary materials.Products.Packaging.

Score 0.488
YearSubstantial contribution criteriaEconomic activitiesCode CapEx m EURProportion of CapEx Climate change mitigation Climate change adaptation WaterPollutionCircular EconomyBiodiversityA. Taxonomyeligible activities A. Environmentally sustainable activities TaxonomyalignedCapEx of environmentally sustainable activities Taxonomyaligned A...Of which enabling. Of which transitional. A. Taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not Taxonomyaligned activitiesAcquisition andownership ofbuildingsCCM ...ELNELNELNELNELNELCapEx of Taxonomyeligiblebut notenvironmentallysustainable activitiesnotTaxonomyalignedactivities A....A. CapEx of Taxonomy eligible activitiesA. A....B. Taxonomynoneligible activities CapEx of Taxonomynoneligible activities..Total..

Score 0.485
Managing waterrelated risks impacts dependencies and opportunities We will regularly assess waterrelated risks and impacts pertaining to our own operations and value chain and develop strategies to manage and mitigate material issues. This assessment may also include identifying dependencies on water resources in alignment with leading guidance and frameworks.

Score 0.484
contributes substantially to one or more of the environmental objectives set out in Article in accordance with Articles to 

Score 0.484
Category Fuel and energy related activities

Score 0.482
YearSubstantial contribution criteriaEconomic activitiesCode OpEx m EURProportion of OpEx Climate change mitigation Climate change adaptation WaterPollutionCircular EconomyBiodiversityA. Taxonomyeligible activities A. Environmentally sustainable activities TaxonomyalignedOpEx of environmentally sustainable activities Taxonomyaligned A...Of which enabling. Of which transitional. A. Taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not Taxonomyaligned activitiesAcquisition andownership ofbuildingsCCM ...ELNELNELNELNELNELOpEx of Taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not Taxonomyaligned activities A....A. OpEx of Taxonomyeligible activities A. A....B. Taxonomynoneligible activities OpEx of Taxonomynoneligible activities..Total..

Score 0.481
Water management and the identification of opportunities for reducing water consumption in our fulfilment centres and offices 

Score 0.481
Nuclear energy related activitiesThe undertaking carries out funds or has exposures tor research development demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.NoThe undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production as well as their safety upgrades using best available technologies.NoThe undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy as well as their safety upgrades.NoFossil gas related activitiesThe undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels.NoThe undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction refurbishment and operation of combined heatcool and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels.NoThe undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction refurbishmentand operation of heat generation facilities that produce heatcool using fossil gaseous fuels.No

Score 0.479
For logistics facilities e.g. fulfilment centres Water consumption is estimated to be of the water withdrawn from the water supply network. The estimation is based primarily on data from the literature and the range is adjusted to account for geography and the nature of activities in these spaces. Ultimately our total water consumption is calculated as the sum of all water consumption in m

Score 0.479
DNSH criteria Do No Significant HarmClimate change mitigation YNClimate change adaptationYNWaterYNPollutionYNCircular EconomyYNBiodiversityYNMinimum safeguardsYNProportion of Taxonomyaligned A.. oreligble A.. OpEx Category enabling activity E Category transitional activity T. ...

Score 0.477
For nonlogistics facilities e.g. office spaces showrooms retail spaces etc. No water is recycled and reused.

Score 0.476
Identification and assessment of material waterrelated IROsOur business depends on continued access to water and we are already witnessing the effects of water scarcity and water quality risks in our activities. Previously assessed climaterelated risks and opportunities described in the Resilience analysis and climate scenario planning in section ESRS E Climate change have informed our DMA. Our climate resilience analysis contributes to identifying waterrelated risks linked to the increasing occurrence of extreme weather events such as flooding or droughts along our value chain and in our own operations. Key risks carried into our DMA include reputational risks from water consumption in our value chain business continuity risks from water scarcity affecting raw material availability and human health impacts from reduced water security. Opportunities centre on the potential to enable collective action on water stewardship. No IROs related to marine resources were identified as our business does not rely on marine resources. We have not screened our assets and activities to identify the IROs. However in we undertook an assessment of water risk areas related to our own operations. This assessment specifically focuses on our direct impact on water consumption in these water risk regions with further details provided in the following section. In we conducted a water risk assessment for our private labels for major Tier wet processing facilities and going forward we aim to pay particular attention to our private labels water impact particularly in high water stress areas. Direct consultations with affected communities have not been conducted.Policies related to waterWe established our water management policy in reflecting our ambition to addressing the critical water challenges associated with our own operations and value chain. This policy sets the foundation for managing water consumption and pollution and for managing waterrelated risks. We are dedicated to continuously expanding and refining our water management approach in the future in alignment with industry best practices and stakeholder expectations. Water management is critical for the resilience of our business operations and value chain. The aim of our water management policy is to minimise our water consumption and water pollution comply with regulatory requirements and ensure the responsible use of water resources across our own operations and value chain.

Score 0.476
Property plant and equipment are recognised at cost and depreciated in accordance with their expected useful life using the straightline method. Depreciation is presented within the functional area to which it relates. The following useful lives are applied

Score 0.475
The sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources

Score 0.475
DNSH criteria Do No Significant HarmClimate change mitigation YNClimate change adaptationYNWaterYNPollutionYNCircular EconomyYNBiodiversityYNMinimum safeguardsYNProportion of Taxonomyaligned A. oreligible A. CapEx Category enabling activity ECategory transitional activity T. ...

Score 0.474
Soil pollution resulting from the use of pesticides and fertilisers in the conventional farming of natural fibres which contaminate both soil and water sources.

Score 0.473
Pursuing efficient water use We are dedicated to measuring our water footprint and identifying opportunities to reduce water consumption especially in areas of limited water availability and higher water stress and enhancing water efficiency across our operations while promoting best practice for water use across our value chain. This could include adopting watersaving technologies optimising processes to reduce water consumption and promoting responsible water use among employees.

Score 0.469
Minimisation of water use and improved water management including pollution and water treatment for priority private labels value chain partners.Within our management board the highest level of responsibility with respect to the oversight of environmentrelated topics including water lies with our coCEO Robert Gentz. The coCEO is the highest decisionmaking body for waterrelated issues. Our water management policy and initiatives the water risk assessment for our own operations and the water footprint calculation align with the principles of both the Alliance for Water Stewardship Standard and the CEO Water Mandate in terms of identifying water stress and waterrelated risks. We plan further alignment with these and other related principles and objectives of internationally recognised standards for water management to guide our efforts in sustainable water use pollution control and watershed protection. Our current focus is on understanding and assessing our impact in areas of high water consumption and stress. This will inform future policies that address high water stress areas.

Score 0.469
The determination of the useful life of items of property plant and equipment and of intangible assets as well as the determination of development costs of internally generated intangible assets see sections .. . Intangible assets .. . Property plant and equipment and .. Accounting policies.

Score 0.465
For nonlogistics facilities e.g. office spaces showrooms retail spaces etc. The volume of water stored is reported equal to the storing capacity of the water tanks at each site.

Score 0.461
Identification and assessment of material pollutionrelated IROsWe have identified five significant environmental impacts and associated human health concerns related to pollution. These impacts are as follows

Score 0.46
YearSubstantial contribution criteriaEconomic activitiesCodeTurnover m EURProportion of turnover Climate change mitigation Climate change adaptation WaterPollutionCircular EconomyBiodiversityA. Taxonomyeligible Activities A. Environmentally sustainable activities TaxonomyalignedTurnover of environmentally sustainable activities Taxonomyaligned A...Of which enabling. Of which transitional. A. Taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not Taxonomyaligned activitiesTurnover of Taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not Taxonomyaligned activities A...A. Turnover of Taxonomyeligible activities A. A...B. Taxonomynoneligible activities Turnover of Taxonomynoneligible activities..Total..

Score 0.457
 from combustion or biodegradation of biomass that occur in value chain not included in scope GHG emissions.

Score 0.456
Procedures also known as control activities establish the defined practices or steps that are performed to meet or implement standards and satisfy control objectives.

Score 0.454
complies with technical screening criteria as defined by a substantial contribution to environmental objectives and adherence to the Do No Significant Harm DNSH principle in accordance with Article or .We started reporting according to the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the corresponding Delegated Acts in . Based on our first assessment we identified one material Taxonomyeligible economic activity within our group related to the leasing of assets covering our office buildings outlets and logistic centres economic activity . listed in Annex I of the Delegated Regulation EU for which we reported Taxonomyeligibility. In reporting was expanded to include the assessment of the Taxonomyalignment of activities within the Zalando group. In the Commission Delegated Regulation EU was applied amending Delegated Regulation EU as regards economic activities in certain energy sectors and amending Delegated Regulation EU as regards specific public disclosures for those economic activities. We assessed Annex I and Annex II that amend the list of economic activities regarding the first two environmental objectives as well as related technical screening and DNSH criteria. We neither perform any of the new activities nor are we affected by the changes to the technical screening criteria. Moreover in the European Commission issued Commission Delegated Regulation EU amending the Delegated Regulation EU by establishing additional technical screening criteria as well as Commission Delegated Regulation EU supplementing Regulation EU by establishing economic activities as well as 

Score 0.453
Apart from economic activity . we did not identify any other material CapEx OpEx or Taxonomyrelated turnover. For this evaluation we used a materiality threshold of . on CapEx OpEx and turnover. We only report an eligible activity if it meets at least one of the thresholds. However total CapEx OpEx and turnover are calculated without applying a materiality threshold. Hence turnover disclosed for Taxonomynoneligible activities is the total revenue of the group for the financial year according to IAS .a in the amount of .m EUR prior year .m EUR as disclosed in our consolidated financial statements for and further described under .. . Revenue in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. We have allocated all of the calculated Taxonomyeligible CapEx and OpEx to the environmental objective of climate change mitigation. In addition only one economic activity was identified for which Taxonomyeligible CapEx and OpEx were calculated. This avoided any double counting.Furthermore we assessed the proportion of our CapEx that qualifies as environmentally sustainable and is therefore reported as CapEx related to Taxonomyaligned economic activities. This assessment was based on the criteria laid down in Article of the EU Taxonomy Regulation. Because our CapEx is only related to the purchase of output we connected with the owners of the respective facilities to collect the relevant information. The information obtained relating to the technical screening criteria including both the substantial contribution and the DNSH principles was insufficient to perform the assessment. As a result we were not able to qualify our Taxonomyeligible CapEx related to the leasing of buildings as Taxonomyaligned CapEx for the financial year. This correspondingly also applies to related OpEx. Furthermore since we did not identify any Taxonomyeligible turnover we could not calculate any Taxonomyaligned turnover. 

Score 0.453
For logistics facilities e.g. fulfilment centres The volume of water stored is reported equal to the storing capacity of the water tanks at each site.

Score 0.452
Actions and resources related to pollutionAt Zalando we monitor the effectiveness of our MRSL and RSL through a riskbased due diligence programme. Our Quality Assurance team conducts regular testing of products and materials throughout the production cycle from raw materials to finished goods utilising accredited thirdparty laboratories. For more information on our quality checks on products and materials please refer to ESRS S Consumers and endusers Actions related to personal safety in section ... Social information.Targets related to pollutionWe aim to ensure alignment with the existing regulatory framework. Our pollutionrelated commitments focus on preventing harmful substances in products by adhering to regulatory thresholds. For more information please refer to ESRS S Consumers and endusers Targets related to personal safety in section ... Social information. 

Score 0.451
The protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems We conducted updated assessments of economic activities under all six environmental objectives. This review did not result in any change to our previously identified material Taxonomyeligible economic activities hence we still only report on the CapEx related to the leasing of our buildings and the corresponding OpEx economic activity . listed in Annex I of the Delegated Regulation EU . In the financial year we expanded the number of leased buildings which led to additional rightofuse assets of .m EUR prior year .m EUR. This is material from our group perspective and is therefore reported as Taxonomyeligible CapEx. The additions mainly relate to a new fulfilment centre in France as well as a new office building and new outlets in Germany.We calculated total CapEx as additions to intangible assets property plant and equipment as well as rightofuse assets excluding any remeasurements for the financial year as disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements under .. . Intangible assets .. . Property plant and equipment and .. . Rightofuse assets and lease liabilities.

Score 0.45
General informationProvisions are recognised in accordance with IAS when the group has a present obligation legal or constructive as a result of a past event it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate of the amount of the obligation can be made.A best estimate is made of the amount of the provisions taking into consideration all the expected risks arising from the obligation. This refers to the amount that is most likely needed to settle the liability. Provisions with a residual term of more than one year are discounted on the reporting date.Dismantling obligationsThe group recognises provisions for dismantling obligations for leasehold improvements in the leased fulfilment centres office buildings and outlets. The provision is recognised at an amount equivalent to the present value of the estimated future dismantling obligations. The dismantling obligations are recognised as part of the cost of leasehold improvements for the corresponding amount. The estimated cash flows are discounted using a discount rate that adequately reflects the maturity and the risk profile. Unwinding of the obligation is recognised as an interest expense in the income statement.

Score 0.449
ESRS Epara. Regulation EU Article materialESRS Epara. Regulation EU Annex II Regulation EU Annex IImaterial phasedinnot applicable phasedinESRS Epara. aESRS Epara. cArticle a Regulation EU No Regulation EU paragraphs and Template material phasedinnot applicable phasedinESRS Epara. cArticle a Regulation EU No Regulation EU paragraph Template material phasedinnot applicable phasedinESRS Epara. Regulation EU Annex IInot materialnot applicableESRS Epara. Indicator no Table Annex Indicator no Table Annex Indicator no Table Annex Indicator no Table Annex not applicablenot applicableESRS Epara. Indicator no Table Annex materialESRS Epara. Indicator no Table Annex materialESRS Epara. Indicator no Table Annex not materialnot applicableESRS Epara. cIndicator no . Table Annex materialESRS Epara. Indicator no . Table Annex materialESRS SBM Epara. a iIndicator no Table Annex not materialnot applicableESRS SBM Epara. bIndicator no Table Annex not materialnot applicableESRS SBM Epara. cIndicator no Table Annex not materialnot applicableESRS Epara. bIndicator no Table Annex not materialnot applicableESRS Epara. cIndicator no Table Annex not materialnot applicableESRS Epara. dIndicator no Table Annex not materialnot applicableESRS Epara. dIndicator no Table Annex materialESRS Epara. Indicator no Table Annex material only hazardous wasteESRS SBM Spara. fIndicator no Table Annex ImaterialESRS SBM Spara. gIndicator no Table Annex ImaterialESRS Spara. Indicator no Table and Indicator no Table Annex ImaterialESRS Spara. Regulation EU Annex IImaterialESRS Spara. Indicator no Table Annex Inot materialnot applicableDisclosure requirement and related data pointSFDR

Score 0.449
considered the process for identifying taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned economic activities and the corresponding disclosures in the Group Sustainability Statement.

Score 0.447
For logistics facilities e.g. fulfilment centres No water is recycled and reused. Total water stored The total water stored is the amount of water that is held in water storage facilities and is calculated as the sum of all water volumes stored at facilities in our own operations.

Score 0.442
The nonpersonnel costs included predominately ITrelated costs office expenses depreciation and impairments for rightofuse assets as well as legal and advisory expenses.. Other operating incomeOther operating income amounted to .m EUR in prior year .m EUR. Indemnification for damages income from a sublease as well as income relating to other periods that cannot be classified by function were the main contributors to other operating income.. Other operating expensesOther operating expenses amounted to .m EUR prior year .m EUR. These other operating expenses relate to disposals of assets refer to sections .. . Property plant and equipment .. . Intangible assets and .. . Rightofuse assets and lease liabilities damages expenses relating to other periods that cannot be classified by function as well as donations. In the prior year other operating expenses mainly comprised severance and garden leave expenses relating to our reshaping programme of .m EUR.

Score 0.441
Water consumption For each Zalando logistics and nonlogistics site the values for water consumption are estimated based on the measured water withdrawal data from the water supply network

Score 0.438
. Property plant and equipment

Score 0.437
Property plant and equipment

Score 0.433
.Share of the measure obtained from direct measurement.Total water consumption in areas at material water risk including areas of highwater stressm

Score 0.428
Packaging The majority of our waste is packagingrelated driven by customers returns as well as internal logistics processes. Our approach focuses on reducing excess packaging through optimised design and reusing boxes within intralogistics operations thus minimising the need for new packaging materials. Our packaging generated waste consists of paper and cardboard . of our total generated waste plastic . wooden . and mixed packaging ..

Score 0.427
ESRS E Climate change mitigation adaptation and energyESRS E Pollution pollution of air water and soil substances of concern substances of very high concern microplasticsESRS E Water resourcesESRS E Resource use circular economy resource inflows and outflowsESRS E Resource use circular economy wasteESRS S Own workforce working conditions other workrelated rightsESRS S Own workforce health and safetyESRS S Own workforce equal treatment DI developmentESRS S Own workforce employee satisfaction and retentionESRS S Workers in the value chain working conditions equal treatment and opportunities for all other workrelated rightsESRS S Consumers informationrelated impacts including privacyESRS S Consumers personal safetyESRS S Consumers social inclusionESRS G Business conduct animal welfareESRS G Business conduct political engagement and lobbying activities management of relationships with suppliers including payment practices corporate culture corruption and bribery protection of whistleblowersInnovation and partnershipsESRS E Marine resources ESRS E Biodiversity ecosystems all subtopicsESRS S Affected communities all subtopicsESRS S Consumers others

Score 0.424
Textiles Our multichannel sales strategy contributes positively to waste minimisation by optimising inventory management. Unsold inventory is offloaded across various platforms including Lounge by Zalando and outlet stores. In addition we take the opportunity to donate remaining stock to organisations such as humedica or sell it to retail partners ensuring no goods are destroyed except for health hygiene or safety reasons. In order to fully comply with our duty of care we only work with selected aid organisations and retail partners whose headquarters are located within the EU and who are therefore also bound by applicable laws. As a result of the above textile waste accounts only for . of our total generated waste.

Score 0.424
The ICS aims to identify assess and manage operational risks that could have a significant impact on the appropriate content and presentation of the separate and consolidated financial statements including management reporting as well as the annual sustainability statement. The ICS ensures the accuracy of financial and nonfinancial reports by embedding directive preventive monitoring and detective control measures into the relevant processes that have a significant influence on financial and nonfinancial reports. These control measures ensure the reliable and robust preparation of these reports. The processes the risks relevant to financial and nonfinancial reporting as well as the controls mitigating these risks are analysed evaluated and documented. A crossprocess risk and control matrix contains the relevant controls including a description and the type of control the frequency with which the control is carried out the mitigated risk and the person responsible. The control mechanisms implemented affect multiple processes and thus frequently overlap. These mechanisms include determining principles and procedures defining processes and controls and introducing approval and testing plans and guidelines among other things.

Score 0.422
Complying with regulations We will pursue compliance with waterrelated regulations and standards that apply to our business. This involves monitoring regulatory changes and implementing due diligence procedures where relevant.

Score 0.422
eq..Processing of sold productstCO

Score 0.419
obtain an understanding of the process used to prepare the Group Sustainability Statement including the materiality assessment process carried out by the Company to identify the disclosures to be reported in the Group Sustainability Statement. 

Score 0.414
the sustainability statement including the combined nonfinancial statement which is included in section . of the combined management report

Score 0.413
m EUR. This relatively low value for the water intensity metric reflects the limited water consumption in our direct operations.Within our own operations we do not engage in waterintensive activities as our core processes e.g. warehousing office and showrooms have a relatively low water usage. We acknowledge that our more significant water impacts lie within our upstream value chain particularly in raw material extraction product manufacturing and downstream activities related to product use. 

Score 0.409
 were also audited with unqualified opinions. The management board forwarded the annual financial statements and the consolidated financial statements for the financial year together with the combined management report including the sustainability statement for as well as the remuneration report for the proposal of the management board for the appropriation of profit for and the auditors reports to the audit committee and the supervisory board for approval.In the first step the audit committee comprehensively examined and discussed the financial statements the sustainability statement the remuneration report and the proposal for the appropriation of profit in the presence of the auditor. The auditor reported on the most significant audit matters. Based on the audit committees recommendation the supervisory board examined the annual financial statements and consolidated financial statements for the financial year together with the combined management report including the sustainability statement as well as the remuneration report and the proposal of the management board for the appropriation of profit. The result of the preassessment conducted by the audit committee and the supervisory boards own conclusions concurred with the result of the external auditor. Based on this final review the supervisory board raised no objections to the audit. The supervisory board 

Score 0.409
Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for consumers and endusers to raise concernsProduct nonconformities and safety issues trigger corrective actions designed to ensure consumer and environmental safety. If a product is nonconforming or recalled due to safety issues consumers are entitled to remedies such as refunds and will be informed accordingly. Our corrective action process includes

Score 0.407
technological and human resources. Investments in renewable energy energy and resource efficiency measures and sustainable infrastructure are central to our climate strategy. These investments rely on securing adequate funding and alignment with operational priorities. The actions listed in the climate change water resource use and circular economy sections also address some of the identified physical and transition climaterelated risks such as operational and logistics disruptions alternative materials sourcing and energy market volatility. We plan to continue assessing these risks as part of our overall risk management process and transition planning in alignment with our netzero ambition.. Decarbonisation of our own operationsIn scope and scope contributed less than . of our total GHG emissions. GHG emissions in these categories are primarily driven by heating in the offices outlets and logistic centres that are fully operated by us. Our main actions to decarbonise our operations and achieve our SBTs are described below. Six logistics centres included within the ESRS E scope financial plus operational control are excluded from our GHGP scope regarding the decarbonisation actions due to a lack of operational control. For further information on our ESRS E scope and GHGP scope please refer to Methodology used for target setting in the section Targets related to climate change mitigation and adaptation.

Score 0.402
in m EURNotes .. Dec Dec Noncurrent assetsIntangible assets... Property plant and equipment... Rightofuse assets... Financial assets...Nonfinancial assets...Investments accounted for using the equity method...Deferred tax assets.....Current assetsInventories...Trade and other receivables...Other financial assets...Other nonfinancial assets...Cash and cash equivalents.....Total assets..

Score 0.402
in m EURCash flow from operating activities..Cash received from sales of property plant and equipment intangibles and other longterm assets..Cash paid for investments in property plant and equipment..Cash paid for investments in intangible assets..Cash paid for acquisition of shares in associated companies subsidiaries less cash acquired and other equity investments..Free cash flow..

Score 0.402
Material IROs list The detailed DMA results are listed in the table below according to the order of the ESRS. The material sustainability matters are structured in alignment with the ESRS in topics subtopics and subsubtopics. The table outlines the level of our responsibility and the associated triggers for each material IRO. For each identified impact we evaluated whether it leads to risks or opportunities particularly those arising from dependencies on key resources such as natural human or financial capital.Additionally the assessment considers not only risks and opportunities directly linked to identified impacts but also those that stem from resource dependencies where no direct impact may be observed. This ensures that risks and opportunities that arise independently of specific impacts such as broader market or resource dynamics are also captured in our analysis. This comprehensive approach helps us identify potential risks and opportunities both impactrelated and nonimpactrelated ensuring a thorough understanding of our sustainability landscape. The table includes information on the level of responsibility that each material IRO entails. This responsibility is categorised as caused contributed or linked to. These triggers can stem from factors within our control our business relationships or our dependencies on external resources. In the table VC refers to the value chain and OO stands for own operations covering our direct activities. The time horizons are aligned to ESRS and divided into actual year which reflects immediate realised impacts and potential years or beyond years which captures longerterm forecasted or anticipated impacts. 

Score 0.401
HGB matterESRS topicEnvironmental mattersESRS E Climate changeESRS E PollutionESRS E Water resourcesESRS E Resource use and circular economyEmployee mattersESRS S Own workforceESRS S Workers in the value chainSocial mattersESRS S Consumers and endusersRespect for human rightsESRS S Own workforceESRS S Workers in the value chainAnticorruption and bribery mattersESRS G Business conductGeneral disclosures GOVAdditionalInnovation and partnerships

Score 0.165
Innovators and partnersGlobal network of accelerators and incubators through our memberships of organisations including Fashion for Good and the Ellen MacArthur Foundation.We engage in innovative partnerships to go beyond our internal capabilities and seek out extended possibilities and opportunities via collaboration. This allows us to access the latest trends in innovation to extend our innovation ecosystem to the global level and to accelerate our efforts in this domain. We support innovators and partners by giving them access to expertise and industry knowledge and by sharing best practices. Sharing resources allows us to help them accelerate innovation and contribute to the success of their projects. This extensive collaboration leads to mutual growth.Taking our strategic goals as a starting point we seek out innovations that help fill our own capability and knowledge gaps. Working with our internal teams we identify these gaps and connect with relevant organisations to explore opportunities which may result in cocreation and coinnovation including studies to build knowledge pilots to test capabilities and functionality and eventually longterm solutions where relevant.Action Collaboration Transformation ACTACT is an agreement between global brands and IndustriALL Global Union in pursuit of living wages for workers in the textile and garment value chains.At Zalando we believe that collective bargaining at the industry level enabled by freedom of association and responsible purchasing practices is the most realistic pathway to making an impact on wages. We also acknowledge that we cannot wait for these agreements to transpire before we act on our own accord.Despite the majority of ACTs work being conducted outside the regions in which Zalando sources its products we have provided financial support to the organisation thus demonstrating our support to these tenets. At the same time we actively participate in working groups.Better Work ILOThis is a partnership between the ILO and the International Finance Corporation IFC a member of the World Bank Group. Better Work unites governments employers and workers organisations global brands factory owners and workers to improve working conditions in the global apparel and footwear industry and make the sector more competitive.The Better Work factory engagement model creates lasting positive change via tools like assessments advisory services and training complementing Better Works sectoral and national level engagement to change policies attitudes and behaviour. By sharing their approach and the results of their ontheground work they seek to inform policy making to promote decent work and better business in the garment industry.Vietnambased factories related to our private label business are enrolled in the Better Work programme with the programmes having provided benefits to workers and factories on a consistent basis.Business for Social Responsibility BSRBSR is a sustainable business network and consultancy focused on creating a world in which all people can thrive on a healthy planet. BSR provides its member companies with insight advice and collaborative initiatives to help them see a changing world more clearly create longterm value and scale impact.The ESG landscape is continuously shifting. As such we require trusted partners who can be the first port of call for whatever issue we need to address. BSR supports its members across key focus areas including climate change inclusion and justice human rights and value chain sustainability.BSR supported Zalando in defining the qualitative and quantitative data gaps for CSRD. They also provided early feedback on our sustainability strategy. In addition they have been a sparring partner on diverse topics such as building value from sustainability inclusion and justice. We have also been deeply involved in workshops aimed at addressing the tension between business growth and sustainability goals.CascaleCascale formerly Sustainable Apparel Coalition is a global nonprofit alliance of leading consumer goods brands retailers manufacturers sourcing agents service providers trade associations NGOs and academic institutions. Members represent every link in the global value chain for apparel footwear and textiles home furnishings sporting and outdoor goods and bags and luggage.Acquiring trustworthy reliable data to measure impact across our industry remains a challenge. Cascale covers a significant portion of the sector helping to build tools and methodologies to gather information from global value chains which can then be used to measure progress on a number of ESG topics.Zalando has participated in a number of working groups. These include those related to the EU policy landscape the alignment of tools to address the latest compliance requirements and the question of data harmonisation across the sector. We utilise tools created by Cascale and its members to gather information from our facilities via the facilities social and environment module. We have also used certain emissionfactor criteria to calculate our GHG emissions.Copenhagen Fashion Week CPHFWRegarded as the fifth global fashion week Copenhagen Fashion Week welcomes leading international press buyers and industry leadersSustainability is the core focus for CPHWF which strives towards making substantial changes to inspire and encourage the industry to accelerate their sustainability efforts. In January CPHFW unveiled an ambitious threeyear Sustainability Action Plan presenting an innovative system of requirements for brands to be part of the official schedule that was implemented at the AW edition of CPHFW. The action plan is revised and released every three years positioning CPHFW as the leading fashion week within the sustainability field.We created the Zalando Visionary Award in order to influence positive change in the fashion industry through the vision and work of the next generations emergent talent. To be eligible for the award applicants demonstrate how they are making waves in one or more of the following pillars creativity and design social impact and innovation. The applications are reviewed and the winner is determined by an international jury consisting of industry thought leaders and representatives from Zalando in addition to the CPHFW show committee. 

Score 0.199
Consolidatedfinancialstatements

Score 0.22
.Consolidated statement of comprehensive income

Score 0.184
Consolidated income statement

Score 0.296
in m EURNotes ..Revenue...Cost of sales...Gross profit..Fulfilment costs...Marketing costs...Administrative expenses...Other operating income...Other operating expenses...Earnings before interest and taxes EBIT..Interest and similar income..Interest and similar expenses..Other financial result..Financial result...Earnings before taxes EBT..Income taxes...Net incomeloss for the period..Basic earnings per share in EUR...Diluted earnings per share in EUR...

Score 0.197
Consolidated statement of other comprehensive income

Score 0.157
Pinkwashing is a tactic that uses messages appearing to support the LGBTQIA community to promote goals that often have little or nothing to do with genuine LGBTQIA equality or inclusion including in LGBTQIAtargeted marketing.

Score 0.031
 This risk could lead to reputational damages if accused of pinkwashing which could negatively affect our endusers and lead to a loss in customer loyalty. 

Score 0.219
Potential opportunities related to the promotion of a diverse and inclusive product assortment through a varied partner portfolio.We manage our material risks in our RMS. For more information please see Risk management in section .. General information.

Score 0.324
 PrivacyESRS SESRS SBMInterests and views of stakeholdersESRS SESRS SBMMaterial impacts risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business modelESRS SPolicies related to consumers and endusersESRS SProcesses for engaging with consumers and endusers about impactsESRS SProcesses to remediate negative impacts and channels for consumers and endusers to raise concernsESRS STaking action on material impacts on consumers and endusers and approaches to managing material risks and pursuing material opportunities related to consumers and endusers and effectiveness of those actionsESRS STargets related to managing material negative impacts advancing positive impacts and managing material risks and opportunitiesESRS G Business conductESRS GESRS GOVThe role of the administrative supervisory and management bodiesESRS GESRS IRODescription of the processes to identify and assess material impacts risks and opportunitiesESRS GBusiness conduct policies and corporate cultureESRS GManagement of relationships with suppliersESRS GPrevention and detection of corruption and briberyESRS GIncidents of corruption or briberyESRS GPolitical influence and lobbying activitiesESRS GPayment practicesEntityspecific information innovation and partnershipsDisclosure requirementTitleReference

Score 0.211
Potential risks including discriminatory communication product design or content featured on our website stemming from possible discrepancies between external representations of DI and internal practices of pinkwashing.

Score 0.146
Potential positive impacts related to offering a diverse and inclusive assortment of products that meets the needs of oftenoverlooked consumer segments.

Score 0.242
The following chapter includes four subchapters related to consumers and endusers i.e. our customers social inclusion informationrelated impacts personal safety and privacy. Each subchapter is further organised into sections covering our strategy for managing the IROs identified through our DMA our relevant policies and processes to manage the sustainability subtopics as well as actions and targets.Potential IROs related to our consumers and endusers which we have identified in the course of our DMA are discussed in Impacts risks and opportunities in section ... General information.Social inclusion Material IROs and their interaction with strategy and business model and Interests and views of stakeholdersOur aim is to build a European fashion and lifestyle ecommerce ecosystem that differentiates itself through quality while offering the best possible shopping experience for our consumers. This includes enhancing existing categories offering personalised inspiration and entertainment and elevating our role in consumers lifestyle journeys. Over million active endusers are exposed to the information available on our website and outlets. We define our consumers as anyone purchasing products from our websites and outlets. However anyone visiting our websites or outlets is exposed to the available information. We have not identified any specific groups of endusers that are at risk of harm due to our operations thus ensuring we are offering diverse products and choices that are in line with our DI values. Our do.BETTER strategy focuses on four key pillars talents leadership costumers and partners. To ensure we are inclusive for all our consumers we ensure we follow the German General Equal Treatment Act Allgemeines Gleichbehandlungsgesetz AGG. This includes but is not limited to considerations of age disability or chronic disease gender and gender identity ethnic origin religion or belief and sexual orientation.Our DMA has identified the following IROs associated with social inclusion 

Score 0.142
ESRS S Consumers and endusers

Score 0.177
can do differently within Zalando and brandfacing initiatives where we explore what we can ask of thirdparty brands on our platform.Private labels In March we joined the Fair Wear Foundation FWF to align our private labels processes and practices with leading human rights due diligence guidelines in the fashion industry. The FWF provides expert guidance on improving our sourcing purchasing and human rights risk monitoring practices. In we conducted a series of workshops with our Sourcing and Commercial teams as well as our SDI and Corporate Compliance teams in collaboration with the FWF. These workshops were designed to conduct a gap assessment between our current processes and FWFs Brand Performance Check and to develop action plans to address any gaps identified. Further information on these partnerships can be found in the stakeholder engagement in Entityspecific information Innovation and partnerships in section .. Governance information.Brand partners We participate in the retailer round table of The Industry We Want TIWW with other relevant retailers aiming to align supplier requirements and recommendations to create an industryaligned framework which fashion brands can use to implement human rights due diligence measures in a quantifiable and measurable way. This is part of our longterm strategy to respond to the need for guidance and unified reporting within the fashion industry. Actions taken in included participation in working sessions organised by TIWW where retailers committed to work together towards defining a solution. Targets related to workers in the value chainWe have not yet adopted measurable targets in line with the ESRS addressing value chain workers. In service of our overall strategic ambition we defined the ambition to further empower workers through decent work by deepening human rights due diligence in our own operations and those of our partners as well as further evolving our purchasing practices and wage management systems in our private labels by . The strategic ambition of decent work was set by our SDI team and our management board drawing on existing human rights due diligence experience. A concrete roadmap is currently being developed. The ambition was reviewed by several industry groups during our sustainability strategy update process and its scope was adjusted accordingly. Workers voices were considered through expert input such as from NGOs and our new partner FWF.To track meaningful progress we will be assessed on our ability to carry out our due diligence responsibilities and adapt and improve our purchasing practices by FWF through their annual Brand Performance Check. The results of this will be made publicly available. 

Score 0.393
in m EURNet incomeloss for the period..Items recycled to profit or loss in subsequent periodsEffective portion of gainslosses from cash flow hedges net of tax..Exchange differences on translation of foreign financial statements..Other comprehensive incomeloss..Total comprehensive incomeloss..

Score 0.349
.Consolidated statement of comprehensive income.Consolidated statement of financial position.Consolidated statement of changes in equity.Consolidated statement of cash flows.Notes to the consolidated financial statementsCompany informationGeneral principlesNew accounting standardsPrinciples of consolidationAccounting policiesUse of estimates and assumptionsNotes to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income and statement of financial positionOther notes

Score 0.233
Code of Ethics This outlines the standards to which we as a company adhere. Based on the fundamental human rights values of honesty respect trust and fairness the code sets clear expectations for the professional ethical and responsible behaviour of all employees. 

Score 0.261
Policies related to social inclusionWe are committed to offering a safe inclusive and representative shopping experience for consumers and endusers. We have clustered our related policies into two categories first compliance standardsgeneral antidiscrimination policies and second guidelines that safeguard our employees our external talents and our business partners. Our policies are updated every two years by our Corporate Compliance team and include the following

Score 0.26
Actions related to social inclusionWe work towards inclusion and representation of our consumers and endusers by establishing policies and taking actions to improve our practices. Each of these actions and policies have been the result of formalising and implementing new insights gathered on our journey towards our strategic goals over the last three years. To complete this work we have a dedicated SDI team that sets strategy and supports the teams embedded within various functions by providing research and communityNGO insights on the consumer and partner pillars. There are four embedded teams that work on implementing the actions of the strategy

Score 0.134
Inclusive language Aimed at improving the inclusiveness of messaging and project communication through work with copy and language

Score 0.232
Inclusive production Aimed at improving the inclusiveness of teams collaborative processes

Score 0.213
Supply teams Private label design and buyingIn the paragraphs below we have clustered our activities by action area and provide specific examples of how our actions work to include underrepresented groups. All of our actions are part of our threeyear do.BETTER strategy which concluded this year. The following training sessions were carried out in to help our teams improve representation while ensuring empathy towards those with experiences outside of their own community 

Score 0.08
Marketing and Creative teams Styling shooting campaigns and social media

Score 0.337
 Personal safetyESRS SESRS SBMInterests and views of stakeholdersESRS SESRS SBMMaterial impacts risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business modelESRS SPolicies related to consumers and endusersESRS SProcesses for engaging with consumers and endusers about impactsESRS SProcesses to remediate negative impacts and channels for consumers and endusers to raise concernsESRS STaking action on material impacts on consumers and endusers and approaches to managing material risks and pursuing material opportunities related to consumers and endusers and effectiveness of those actionsESRS STargets related to managing material negative impacts advancing positive impacts and managing material risks and opportunitiesDisclosure requirementTitleReference