Scores_c_MANUFACTURINGScore 0.538
Chemical pollution processes such as bleaching printing and finishing often involve harmful chemicals that if not properly managed can be released into the environment.The material environmental impacts resulting from the DMA occur during the production and distribution stages including raw material extraction textile production and transportation. These stages are outside our direct operations. Within our own operations emissions are comparatively nonsignificant. For example noncarbon emissions to air of our fulfilment centres are significantly lower than the emissions generated by the manufacturing processes. Similarly microplastics potentially generated from our operations if present are minimal compared to the microplastics generated during the use phase of a fashion product over its life span. We did not screen site locations for pollutionrelated IROs as none of the sites under our operation and control have emission sources that require reporting according to Regulation EC No of the European Parliament and of the Council European Pollutant Release and Transfer Register EPRTR Regulation. Affected communities along the value chain were not directly consulted during the DMA. For further information on stakeholder engagement in our DMA please refer to Impacts risks and opportunities in section .. General information. For these reasons our disclosures on pollution focus on our policies and actions related to chemical management. Accordingly we have not yet established any groupwide policies actions or targets in relation to pollution of air water soil and microplastics in line with the ESRS. Reporting on pollution metrics disclosure requirements ESRS E and E for our own operations is not included as it is considered not material to Zalando according to our DMA.Policies related to pollutionTo manage upstream and downstream impacts and comply with regulations we have developed a chemical management system. This includes the Restricted Substances List RSL to determine chemical requirements and limits for harmful substances in products. For private labels the Manufacturing Restricted Substances List MRSL restricts chemicals in production aligned with Zero Discharge of Hazardous Chemicals standards. For more information on our chemical management system and the processes for remediating negative impacts please refer to ESRS S Consumers and endusers personal safety in section ... Social information.

Score 0.517
Material and component production Producers convert fibres into yarn and yarn into fabric. 

Score 0.511
ESRS Epara. Regulation EU Article materialESRS Epara. Regulation EU Annex II Regulation EU Annex IImaterial phasedinnot applicable phasedinESRS Epara. aESRS Epara. cArticle a Regulation EU No Regulation EU paragraphs and Template material phasedinnot applicable phasedinESRS Epara. cArticle a Regulation EU No Regulation EU paragraph Template material phasedinnot applicable phasedinESRS Epara. Regulation EU Annex IInot materialnot applicableESRS Epara. Indicator no Table Annex Indicator no Table Annex Indicator no Table Annex Indicator no Table Annex not applicablenot applicableESRS Epara. Indicator no Table Annex materialESRS Epara. Indicator no Table Annex materialESRS Epara. Indicator no Table Annex not materialnot applicableESRS Epara. cIndicator no . Table Annex materialESRS Epara. Indicator no . Table Annex materialESRS SBM Epara. a iIndicator no Table Annex not materialnot applicableESRS SBM Epara. bIndicator no Table Annex not materialnot applicableESRS SBM Epara. cIndicator no Table Annex not materialnot applicableESRS Epara. bIndicator no Table Annex not materialnot applicableESRS Epara. cIndicator no Table Annex not materialnot applicableESRS Epara. dIndicator no Table Annex not materialnot applicableESRS Epara. dIndicator no Table Annex materialESRS Epara. Indicator no Table Annex material only hazardous wasteESRS SBM Spara. fIndicator no Table Annex ImaterialESRS SBM Spara. gIndicator no Table Annex ImaterialESRS Spara. Indicator no Table and Indicator no Table Annex ImaterialESRS Spara. Regulation EU Annex IImaterialESRS Spara. Indicator no Table Annex Inot materialnot applicableDisclosure requirement and related data pointSFDR

Score 0.508
Recyclable content in products Current reporting guidelines do not yet define how to assess the recyclable content of fashion products. After thoroughly analysing existing industry standards and regulations related to recyclability and metric methodologies we explored the possibility of establishing an internal metric for product recyclability. However we concluded that the available definitions and methodologies do not meet the qualitative characteristics QC of information required by ESRS . Specifically we are unable to ensure faithful representation QCQC or provide comparable data over time QCQC. CSRD aims to standardise sustainability reporting across companies with sectorspecific standards expected to result in reliable and comparable information. In line with this objective we have excluded the recyclability of products from the sustainability statement as we believe current methodologies would not deliver the level of transparency and consistency required.Recyclable content in product packaging Our current methodology considers product packaging recyclable if the material making up of the product packaging meets specific criteria for recycling processes. According to the minimum standard defined by the Central Agency Packaging Register Zentrale Stelle Verpackungsregister mechanically recyclable means that the packaging can be sorted and processed using available industrial recycling technologies to produce highquality recyclates. This involves assessing the material composition of the packaging the presence of appropriate sorting and recycling infrastructure and ensuring the packaging can substitute virgin material in typical applications after recycling. We consider a material as recyclable when we have self declarations from suppliers or when the specifications of the material indicate that it is paper paperboard or cardboard and aligns with the definition of fibrous material in the standard mentioned above.The rate of recyclable content in products packaging in is ..Waste In the fashion ecommerce sector waste generation primarily comes from two sources packaging and textile waste. At Zalando we are committed to reducing our environmental impact by addressing both of these areas

Score 0.508
Category Waste generated in operations

Score 0.506
Overall total weight of technical and biological materials used during the reporting period in tons.Overall total weight of products and technical materials.Overall total weight of products and biological materials.Percentage of biological materials that is sustainably sourced.Products.Packaging.The absolute weight of secondary reused or recycled components secondary intermediary products and secondary materials used to manufacture the undertakings products and services in tons.Products.Packaging.Percentage of secondary reused or recycled components secondary intermediary products and packaging and secondary materials.Products.Packaging.

Score 0.504
Hazardous waste . of total waste generated includes certain beauty products dangerous ewaste and packaging materials containing chemicals.Waste data is collected at the site level where waste quantities and treatment routes are documented by our waste service providers. Precise weighing ensures accuracy and any missing data is estimated based on averages from similar sites or previous time periods.We do not provide comparative data for the first year of preparing the sustainability statement except in cases where data has been disclosed in previous years and is comparable meaning it aligns in terms of scope and methodology with the current years figures. Since the and waste data are not directly comparable due to the aggregation of the waste data in accordance with the applicable ESRS scope we do not disclose the waste data.Extended producer responsibility EPR As part of our commitment to responsible waste management we participate in EPR programmes. We work with multiple producer responsibility organisations PROs across our markets to ensure responsible collection recycling and disposal of products and packaging. This collaboration ensures compliance with EPR regulations and supports recycling infrastructure. To meet our EPR obligations we submit detailed reports to authorities and PROs enhancing transparency in our waste management processes. Additionally we contribute financially through EPR fees helping to support efficient product disposal and recycling.

Score 0.496
Mechanical recyclability documentation Upon written request suppliers shall provide documentation on mechanical recyclability of products e.g. ISO certification as proof of selfdeclared recyclable claim.These stringent requirements have been introduced to new and renewed contracts with packaging suppliers starting in . By integrating these sustainability requirements into our contractual agreements we aim to gain comprehensive insights into the environmental impacts of each of our packaging products facilitating informed decisionmaking and identifying areas for improvement. We also aim to ensure that the materials used in packaging 

Score 0.496
 Article Regulation EU Annex IInot applicablenot applicableESRS SBMpara. d ivRegulation EU Article Regulation EU Annex IInot applicablenot applicableESRS Epara. Regulation EU Article materialESRS Epara. gArticle a Regulation EU No Regulation EU Template Regulation EU Article d to g and Article not applicable no transition plan in placenot applicable ESRS Epara. Indicator no Table Annex Article a Regulation EU No Regulation EU Template Regulation EU Article materialESRS Epara. Indicator no Table and Indicator no Table Annex materialESRS Epara. Indicator no Table Annex materialESRS Epara. to Indicator no Table Annex materialESRS Epara. Indicators no and Table Annex Article a Regulation EU No Regulation EU Template Regulation EU Article and materialESRS Epara. to Indicator no Table Annex Article a Regulation EU No Regulation EU Template Regulation EU Article materialDisclosure requirement and related data pointSFDR

Score 0.492
complies with technical screening criteria as defined by a substantial contribution to environmental objectives and adherence to the Do No Significant Harm DNSH principle in accordance with Article or .We started reporting according to the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the corresponding Delegated Acts in . Based on our first assessment we identified one material Taxonomyeligible economic activity within our group related to the leasing of assets covering our office buildings outlets and logistic centres economic activity . listed in Annex I of the Delegated Regulation EU for which we reported Taxonomyeligibility. In reporting was expanded to include the assessment of the Taxonomyalignment of activities within the Zalando group. In the Commission Delegated Regulation EU was applied amending Delegated Regulation EU as regards economic activities in certain energy sectors and amending Delegated Regulation EU as regards specific public disclosures for those economic activities. We assessed Annex I and Annex II that amend the list of economic activities regarding the first two environmental objectives as well as related technical screening and DNSH criteria. We neither perform any of the new activities nor are we affected by the changes to the technical screening criteria. Moreover in the European Commission issued Commission Delegated Regulation EU amending the Delegated Regulation EU by establishing additional technical screening criteria as well as Commission Delegated Regulation EU supplementing Regulation EU by establishing economic activities as well as 

Score 0.491
Total Waste generated in tons.Total hazardous waste generated.Total nonhazardous waste generated.Nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal in tons.Nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal due to preparation for reuse.Nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal due to recycling.Nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal due to other recovery operations.Nonhazardous waste directed to disposal in tons.Nonhazardous waste directed to disposal by incineration.Nonhazardous waste directed to disposal by landfilling.Nonhazardous waste directed to disposal by other disposal operations.Nonrecycled waste in tons.Percentage of nonrecycled waste.

Score 0.482
Nonhazardous waste . of total waste generated includes paper cardboard metals plastic packaging biodegradable kitchen waste and nondangerous electronic waste.

Score 0.48
Nuclear energy related activitiesThe undertaking carries out funds or has exposures tor research development demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.NoThe undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production as well as their safety upgrades using best available technologies.NoThe undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy as well as their safety upgrades.NoFossil gas related activitiesThe undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels.NoThe undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction refurbishment and operation of combined heatcool and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels.NoThe undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction refurbishmentand operation of heat generation facilities that produce heatcool using fossil gaseous fuels.No

Score 0.48
. of our total generated waste is recycled while only . is incinerated and just . is disposed by landfilling. Waste categorisation and data collection Our waste is categorised as either hazardous or nonhazardous with key examples of each as follows

Score 0.467
Water pollution arising from the material processing phase particularly during dyeing and involving the use of water and chemicals.

Score 0.467
Material IROs list The detailed DMA results are listed in the table below according to the order of the ESRS. The material sustainability matters are structured in alignment with the ESRS in topics subtopics and subsubtopics. The table outlines the level of our responsibility and the associated triggers for each material IRO. For each identified impact we evaluated whether it leads to risks or opportunities particularly those arising from dependencies on key resources such as natural human or financial capital.Additionally the assessment considers not only risks and opportunities directly linked to identified impacts but also those that stem from resource dependencies where no direct impact may be observed. This ensures that risks and opportunities that arise independently of specific impacts such as broader market or resource dynamics are also captured in our analysis. This comprehensive approach helps us identify potential risks and opportunities both impactrelated and nonimpactrelated ensuring a thorough understanding of our sustainability landscape. The table includes information on the level of responsibility that each material IRO entails. This responsibility is categorised as caused contributed or linked to. These triggers can stem from factors within our control our business relationships or our dependencies on external resources. In the table VC refers to the value chain and OO stands for own operations covering our direct activities. The time horizons are aligned to ESRS and divided into actual year which reflects immediate realised impacts and potential years or beyond years which captures longerterm forecasted or anticipated impacts. 

Score 0.466
Apart from economic activity . we did not identify any other material CapEx OpEx or Taxonomyrelated turnover. For this evaluation we used a materiality threshold of . on CapEx OpEx and turnover. We only report an eligible activity if it meets at least one of the thresholds. However total CapEx OpEx and turnover are calculated without applying a materiality threshold. Hence turnover disclosed for Taxonomynoneligible activities is the total revenue of the group for the financial year according to IAS .a in the amount of .m EUR prior year .m EUR as disclosed in our consolidated financial statements for and further described under .. . Revenue in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. We have allocated all of the calculated Taxonomyeligible CapEx and OpEx to the environmental objective of climate change mitigation. In addition only one economic activity was identified for which Taxonomyeligible CapEx and OpEx were calculated. This avoided any double counting.Furthermore we assessed the proportion of our CapEx that qualifies as environmentally sustainable and is therefore reported as CapEx related to Taxonomyaligned economic activities. This assessment was based on the criteria laid down in Article of the EU Taxonomy Regulation. Because our CapEx is only related to the purchase of output we connected with the owners of the respective facilities to collect the relevant information. The information obtained relating to the technical screening criteria including both the substantial contribution and the DNSH principles was insufficient to perform the assessment. As a result we were not able to qualify our Taxonomyeligible CapEx related to the leasing of buildings as Taxonomyaligned CapEx for the financial year. This correspondingly also applies to related OpEx. Furthermore since we did not identify any Taxonomyeligible turnover we could not calculate any Taxonomyaligned turnover. 

Score 0.461
Category Franchises We have no franchises making this category irrelevant to our operations.Category Purchased goods and services This category covers all upstream emissions from the production of products acquired and delivered to us including raw material extraction manufacturing and transportation up to the Tier supplier. Given the scale of our operations these emissions are the most significant scope and overall GHG category. It also includes upstream emissions of packaging and nonproduct procurement. For the majority of these product emissions emissions are calculated using physical activity data including product volumes material types and product weights kg where material types are first mapped to the Higg Materials Sustainability Index Higg MSI material emission factors expressed in kgCO

Score 0.455
Packaging The majority of our waste is packagingrelated driven by customers returns as well as internal logistics processes. Our approach focuses on reducing excess packaging through optimised design and reusing boxes within intralogistics operations thus minimising the need for new packaging materials. Our packaging generated waste consists of paper and cardboard . of our total generated waste plastic . wooden . and mixed packaging ..

Score 0.454
Category Fuel and energy related activities

Score 0.451
 Annex IImaterialESRS GOVpara. eRegulation EU Annex IImaterialESRS GOVpara. Indicator no Table Annex materialESRS SBMpara. d iIndicator no Table Annex Article a Regulation EU No Regulation EU 

Score 0.451
All product categories such as fashion footwear accessories and electronics are reported in aggregate form. The resource inflow metrics refer to all products and materials used for the production of products and packaging. The reported data reflects the materials in their original state including product and packaging weight and material composition as they enter our facilities. The resource inflow metrics were calculated using all available article and packaging data including weight material composition and sustainably sourced and recycled materials data. This includes materials adhering to thirdparty certifications or licensed or trademarked standards such as the Global Recycle Standard and the Global Organic Textile Standard. Packaging material is considered sustainably sourced if it meets one of the following conditions i the supplier provides material that is specifically FSCcertified ii the supplier holds an FSC certificate for their company and Zalando includes a contractual requirement that all materials delivered must be FSCcertified or iii the packaging is labelled as FSC MIX or FSC RECYCLED confirming compliance with FSC sustainability standards. Sustainably sourced and recycled material data undergo automated validation processes to ensure accuracy and applicability. Additionally a binary classification system is applied to distinguish between technical and biological materials. Data duplication is prevented via various mechanisms including i building distinct article provision into the calculation methodology ii ensuring comparability of data across metrics iii comparing of aggregate data results with GHG accounting results and iv testing results for duplication prior to calculation.As a multibrand retail platform Zalandos ability to acquire product sustainabilityrelated data is partly limited. We know that many of our business partners struggle to significantly increase the use of sustainably sourced materials in their own assortments due to technological challenges in innovation and price premiums for many of these materials and customers willingness to pay more for sustainable products. Even when our partners have successfully integrated these materials into their assortments the lack of unified data standards evolving regulatory requirements and difficulty in data sharing processes presents an added challenge to share this information upstream with a multibrand retailer like Zalando. We anticipate that the use of such materials throughout the fashion sector will organically increase in coming years as regulatory ecodesign and reporting requirements continue to expand in Europe. However we aim to continue enabling and encouraging business partners on our platform to adopt sustainablysourced recycled materials and design strategies that support the circular economy through our sustainable sourcing policy and our voluntary sustainabilityrelated claim framework.

Score 0.448
related technical screening criteria for the remaining four environmental objectives. As for we did not identify any significant activity under the regulations for . Our approach of assessing economic activities under the EU Taxonomy Regulation for financial year is explained in more detail below.Our approachFor our financial year we are required to assess the alignment of our eligible economic activities within the six environmental objectives

Score 0.447
YearsLeasehold improvements Plant and machinery Other equipment furniture and fixtures 

Score 0.447
Actions and resources related to pollutionAt Zalando we monitor the effectiveness of our MRSL and RSL through a riskbased due diligence programme. Our Quality Assurance team conducts regular testing of products and materials throughout the production cycle from raw materials to finished goods utilising accredited thirdparty laboratories. For more information on our quality checks on products and materials please refer to ESRS S Consumers and endusers Actions related to personal safety in section ... Social information.Targets related to pollutionWe aim to ensure alignment with the existing regulatory framework. Our pollutionrelated commitments focus on preventing harmful substances in products by adhering to regulatory thresholds. For more information please refer to ESRS S Consumers and endusers Targets related to personal safety in section ... Social information. 

Score 0.446
social environmental and chemical compliance. It applies to all our business partners including suppliers agents trading companies and service providers. The policy outlines the principles that business partners must follow when supplying products made from animalderived materials for sale through us. It is regularly reviewed to incorporate updates. In recognising our shared responsibility within the fashion industry we work with expert groups to support research on and the development and implementation of animal welfare standards and value chain transparency.Management of relationship with suppliersIndirect procurement We collaborate with business partners who adhere to our Code of Conduct. We perform mandatory compliance checks for certain business partners to mitigate legal and ethical risks. A risk assessment process classifies vendors by risk level with highrisk vendors being required to sign the Code of Conduct. We also evaluate suppliers on human rights and environmental risks following the German Supply Chain Act to elevate standards among indirect suppliers. We do not have an overarching policy for payment practices as outlined in Payment practices below.Our procurement policy and procedures for nonmerchandising goods and services ensure compliance efficiency and costeffectiveness with external vendors. Our Finance team facilitates the sourcing negotiation and contracting of suppliers for business units through internal systems. This process includes demand collection sourcetocontract activities and ordertopay operations with approval workflows the foureyes principle and the Legal teams involvement for thorough oversight and regulatory adherence.Supplier relationship management SRM We provide a standardised SRM concept guideline and toolkit for Sourcing Managers to identify align and comanage relevant strategic suppliers with the respective business units. The guideline Overarching SRM within the Supplier Lifecycle comprises four steps identifying SRMrelevant suppliers aligning relevant business units and communication engaging with SRM relevant suppliers reevaluating for continuous adaptation or updates. Based on the various functions requirements we provide tools for data collection analysis and the continuous monitoring of our direct suppliers.Sustainability partner strategy We are committed to advancing sustainability in all of our brand partnerships. As part of our strategic approach we have developed internal processes and best practices on how to engage and enable different subsets of brand partners. To align with the ESRS we have established clear criteria for these subsets. These criteria aim to identify the different needs of all our partners while focusing on both the brand partners with the highest demand on our platform as well as those who have established practices performance and commitment in the sustainability space. This approach aims to achieve the sustainability ambitions outlined in our group strategy highlight the necessary efforts across our brand partners and ensure efficient collaboration. It also seeks to elevate standards beyond our already high Code of Conduct and sustainable 

Score 0.445
Identification and assessment of material resource use and circular economyrelated IROsTo identify the environmental impact potential related to the circular economy we conducted life cycle assessments LCAs in and updated them in during the DMA. They encompassed different circular business models such as preowned takeback care and repair and reusable packaging. The LCA results highlighted that raw material extraction and processing were the most significant environmental impact areas of a products life cycle. These outcomes informed our DMA completed in and our new circularity policy. Regarding the use of materials we depend heavily on cotton polyester and leather as key materials for the majority of products offered by our private label business and brand partners. By embedding more sustainable practices across our value chain from product sourcing and design to logistics and recommerce we ensure that we remain resilient in the face of emerging environmental challenges while contributing to the creation of longterm value for our stakeholders. We have outlined the specific business units responsible for managing IROs related to our resource use and circular economy initiatives below.The SDI team includes resources dedicated to the oversight of the comprehensive assessment of IROs related to resource use and the circular economy. This team sets our strategic direction for transitioning to a circular economy by developing strategic initiatives and partnerships that accelerate circular innovation.Policies related to resource use and circular economyOur circularity policy provides an overarching strategic framework for driving progress in the circular economy to manage our material IROs. The policy focuses on three foundational pillars i Circular products ii Circular business models and iii Endoflife broadly covering our business activities. We are committed to fostering innovation by continuing our efforts to support and scale up initiatives building on strategic investments in textiletotextile recyclers to date. For further information on our approach to innovation please refer to Entityspecific information Innovation and partnerships in section .. Governance information. 

Score 0.443
obtain an understanding of the process used to prepare the Group Sustainability Statement including the materiality assessment process carried out by the Company to identify the disclosures to be reported in the Group Sustainability Statement. 

Score 0.443
eq..Processing of sold productstCO

Score 0.442
Category Processing of sold products We do not sell intermediate products for further processing.

Score 0.44
Step Detailed IRO identification We conducted a detailed analysis of our value chain to evaluate the impacts of our operations and the risks opportunities and dependencies related to the identified sustainability topics. We assessed the primary activities and impacts within our entire value chain and our own operations. Our internal teams collaborated to identify the environmental social and governance IROs. We specifically analysed the key materials sourced the production of raw materials the manufacturing processes and the primary regions from which we source. We examined our business model to confirm that no significant variations in IRO profiles were observed across our segments that would necessitate further steps in the materiality analysis. Additionally we mapped the IROs across our value chain in terms of time horizons and our role in relation to the impacts or risks and opportunities.Step IRO assessment IROs were assessed via categories defined by the ESRS. Impact materiality considers the likelihood and severity of impacts and financial materiality considers the likelihood and magnitude of potential financial effects. In the case of a potential negative human rights impact the severity of the impact takes precedence over its likelihood.Impact materiality scoring methodology The impacts were assessed and rated based on their severity and likelihood. Severity is determined by factors such as scale scope and irremediable character as outlined in ESRS . The severity and likelihood of impacts were scored on a scale ranging from low to high for positive and negative impacts refer to the tables below.

Score 0.434
the accompanying Group Sustainability Statement does not comply in all material respects with the European Sustainability Reporting Standards ESRS including that the process carried out by the Company to identify information to be included in the Group Sustainability Statement the materiality assessment is not in all material respects in accordance with the description set out in section .. General information Impacts risks and opportunities of the Group Sustainability Statement or 

Score 0.432
YearSubstantial contribution criteriaEconomic activitiesCode CapEx m EURProportion of CapEx Climate change mitigation Climate change adaptation WaterPollutionCircular EconomyBiodiversityA. Taxonomyeligible activities A. Environmentally sustainable activities TaxonomyalignedCapEx of environmentally sustainable activities Taxonomyaligned A...Of which enabling. Of which transitional. A. Taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not Taxonomyaligned activitiesAcquisition andownership ofbuildingsCCM ...ELNELNELNELNELNELCapEx of Taxonomyeligiblebut notenvironmentallysustainable activitiesnotTaxonomyalignedactivities A....A. CapEx of Taxonomy eligible activitiesA. A....B. Taxonomynoneligible activities CapEx of Taxonomynoneligible activities..Total..

Score 0.431
. Property plant and equipment

Score 0.425
ESRS EGross scopes and total GHG emissionsESRS EGHG removals and GHG mitigation projects financed through carbon creditsESRS EInternal carbon pricingESRS E PollutionESRS EESRS IRODescription of the processes to identify and assess material pollutionrelated impacts risks and opportunitiesESRS EPolicies related to pollutionESRS EActions and resources related to pollutionESRS ETargets related to pollutionESRS E Water resourcesESRS EESRS IRODescription of the processes to identify and assess material water resourcesrelated impacts risks and opportunitiesESRS EPolicies related to water resourcesESRS EActions and resources related to water resourcesESRS ETargets related to water resourcesESRS EWater consumptionESRS E Resource use and circular economyESRS EESRS IRODescription of the processes to identify and assess material resource use and circular economyrelated impacts risks and opportunitiesESRS EPolicies related to resource use and circular economyESRS EActions and resources related to resource use and circular economyESRS ETargets related to resource use and circular economyESRS EResource inflowsESRS EResource outflowsESRS S Own workforceESRS SESRS SBMInterests and views of stakeholdersESRS SESRS SBMMaterial impacts risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business modelESRS SPolicies related to own workforceESRS SProcesses for engaging with own workforce and workers representatives about impactsESRS SProcesses to remediate negative impacts and channels for own workforce to raise concerns ESRS STaking action on material impacts on own workforce and approaches to managing material risks and pursuing material opportunities related to own workforce and effectiveness of those actionsESRS STargets related to managing material negative impacts advancing positive impacts and managing material risks and opportunitiesESRS SCharacteristics of the undertakings employees ESRS SCollective bargaining coverage and social dialogueESRS SDiversity metrics ESRS SAdequate wagesESRS SSocial protectionESRS SHealth and safety metricsESRS SWorklife balance metricsESRS SRemuneration metrics pay gap and total remunerationDisclosure requirementTitleReference

Score 0.425
considered the process for identifying taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned economic activities and the corresponding disclosures in the Group Sustainability Statement.

Score 0.425
Increased use of responsibly sourced materials in our products including Leather Working Groupcertified leather FSCcertified or Programme for the Endorsement of Forest Certification PEFC MMCF materials and animal fibres certified by the Responsible Wool Standard or Responsible Mohair Standard. Additionally we are incorporating materials produced using lower environmental impact and processing techniques.Information on the targets for the materials used for private labels is described in the section below.Targets related to resource use and circular economyIn we evaluated the material choices for our private labels using tools such as LCA and the netzero reduction model to identify the most impactful raw materials. The assessment identified cotton and polyester as the most impactful materials in terms of both environmental impact and having the biggest volume share of the private labels material portfolio. Therefore we prioritised setting targets for cotton and polyester for our private label business as well as packaging paper focusing on the resource inflows associated with these materials. At present we have not adopted specific targets for resource outflows and waste in line with the ESRS.Private labels target Following LCA findings and our circular economy and sustainable sourcing policies to reduce reliance on virgin materials we have committed to fully phase out virgin polyester and conventional cotton for our private labels by tons compared to a baseline of tons. We will source preferred material options including recycled for polyester and organic regenerative and recycled for cotton among others.The target applies to the total weight of polyester and cotton used across all private label products. The target will enable us to achieve impact at scale and aligns with the broader climate and resource efficiency goals and our netzero ambition. Focusing on these materials 

Score 0.423
in m EURCapitalised developmentcostsIndustrialrights similarrights andassets as wellas licensesGoodwillPrepayments and assetsunderdevelopmentTotalHistorical costAs of Jan .....Additions.....Disposals.....Reclassifications.....Currency translationdifferences.....As of Dec .....AmortisationAs of Jan .....Additions.....Disposals.....Reclassifications.....Currency translationdifferences.....As of Dec .....Carrying amountsAs of Dec .....As of Dec .....

Score 0.422
The nonpersonnel costs included predominately ITrelated costs office expenses depreciation and impairments for rightofuse assets as well as legal and advisory expenses.. Other operating incomeOther operating income amounted to .m EUR in prior year .m EUR. Indemnification for damages income from a sublease as well as income relating to other periods that cannot be classified by function were the main contributors to other operating income.. Other operating expensesOther operating expenses amounted to .m EUR prior year .m EUR. These other operating expenses relate to disposals of assets refer to sections .. . Property plant and equipment .. . Intangible assets and .. . Rightofuse assets and lease liabilities damages expenses relating to other periods that cannot be classified by function as well as donations. In the prior year other operating expenses mainly comprised severance and garden leave expenses relating to our reshaping programme of .m EUR.

Score 0.42
Enhancing product and service design We will continue to integrate sustainable business practices including water efficiency and water pollution prevention into the design and classification of our products and services. This includes identifying materials and processes which require less water and which generate minimal wastewater.The scope of our water management policy in includes

Score 0.415
Our key value chains comprise areas of activity through the product life cycle

Score 0.414
YearSubstantial contribution criteriaEconomic activitiesCode OpEx m EURProportion of OpEx Climate change mitigation Climate change adaptation WaterPollutionCircular EconomyBiodiversityA. Taxonomyeligible activities A. Environmentally sustainable activities TaxonomyalignedOpEx of environmentally sustainable activities Taxonomyaligned A...Of which enabling. Of which transitional. A. Taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not Taxonomyaligned activitiesAcquisition andownership ofbuildingsCCM ...ELNELNELNELNELNELOpEx of Taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not Taxonomyaligned activities A....A. OpEx of Taxonomyeligible activities A. A....B. Taxonomynoneligible activities OpEx of Taxonomynoneligible activities..Total..

Score 0.412
 from combustion or biodegradation of biomass that occur in value chain not included in scope GHG emissions.

Score 0.412
Accessories manufacturing The production of accessories like bags and jewellery in some developing countries may involve risks of child labour in informal workshops.For our private labels being active in the apparel accessories and footwear sector we have identified a significant risk of child labour in India and Bangladesh as well as a significant risk for forced labour in India Bangladesh China and Vietnam. These risks are addressed through our comprehensive due diligence processes. We actively engage with suppliers to ensure compliance with international labour standards and continuously work to improve transparency and ethical practices throughout our value chain.Data on individual groups of workers across our entire value chain is limited as we do not currently have information at that level of detail. Due to the complexity of the fashion supply 

Score 0.411
Textile ExchangeTextile Exchanges purpose is to build a global fibre and material production model that positively impacts our planet.Their goal is to help the fashion textile and apparel industry to reduce the GHG emissions that come from fibre and raw material production by by .Textile Exchange helps the industry to understand some of the common sustainability challenges that come with producing popular fibres and raw material. They then work with stakeholders all along the value chain to find ways to overcome them at scale.As a member of Textile Exchange we interact with the organisation in two main ways i benefit from their fibre and material standards and collaborate on labelling of products using these standardsii collaborate towards shared goals and multistakeholder initiatives. Zalando promotes Textile Exchanges fibre material standards by highlighting products and materials in our assortment that achieve these additional sustainability standards including organic and recycled materials or animal welfare standards. Zalando also engages with Textile Exchange to collaborate and solve industrywide challenges including topics such as environmental impacts from raw material production green claims traceability transparency and data sharing.Social and Labor Convergence Program SLCPThe SLCP provides the tools for capturing accurate data about working conditions in global value chains. This multistakeholder initiative replaces the need for repetitive social audits by facilitating data sharing.The SLCP focus on a converged assessment framework supports our efforts to improve working conditions in global value chains. This is complementary to the work we do with other organisations in this space and can make a meaningful impact by sharing comparable and verified highquality data that increases transparency and eliminates audit fatigue to free up and redeploy resources.We currently accept SLCP data and are working with a wider group of stakeholders on the the use of this data for compliance with new EU legislation namely CSRD and CSDDD.Save the ChildrenThe Centre for Child Rights and BusinessSave the Children STC is an organisation aimed at protecting and advancing global childrens rights. The Centre for Child Rights and Business is a suborganisation of STC offering partnership services around child labour prevention and remediation.Child labour is a salient issue in many manufacturing supply chains including fashion value chains. We have partnered with STC and the Centre for Child Rights and Business as leading organisations in this area as part of our due diligence approach. With STC we engage on a level of knowledge exchange and on an industry association level to align with other retailers and brands to collaboratively act against factors increasing the risk of child labour.To concretely act on child labour risks in our private label value chains we partner with the Centre for Child Rights and Business to train factories in value chains identified as high risk. Zalando private labels started training suppliers in .

Score 0.41
The determination of the useful life of items of property plant and equipment and of intangible assets as well as the determination of development costs of internally generated intangible assets see sections .. . Intangible assets .. . Property plant and equipment and .. Accounting policies.

Score 0.406
inquired of the executive directors and relevant employees involved in the preparation of the Group Sustainability Statement about the preparation process including the materiality assessment process carried out by the Company to identify the disclosures to be reported in the Group Sustainability Statement and about the internal controls relating to this process.

Score 0.404
ESRS SIncidents complaints and severe human rights impactsESRS S Workers in the value chainESRS SESRS SBMInterests and views of stakeholdersESRS SESRS SBMMaterial impacts risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business modelESRS SPolicies related to value chain workersESRS SProcesses for engaging with value chain workers about impactsESRS SProcesses to remediate negative impacts and channels for value chain workers to raise concernsESRS STaking action on material impacts on value chain workers and approaches to managing material risks and pursuing material opportunities related to value chain workers and effectiveness of those actionESRS STargets related to managing material negative impacts advancing positive impacts and managing material risks and opportunitiesESRS S Consumers and endusers 

Score 0.404
Frominterestaffectingprofit orlossFrom subsequent measurementaffecting profit or lossFromdisposalaffectingprofit orlossin m EURFairvalueadjustmentCurrency translationAllowancesTotal AssetsAmortised costs......Fair value through profit or loss......LiabilitiesAmortised cost......Total......

Score 0.404
Merchandise accounted for as inventories is recognised at cost pursuant to IAS . The cost of inventories comprises all costs of purchase purchase price import duties and other taxes as well as costs for transport handling and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition. This also includes a systematic allocation of labour and overhead costs. Cost is calculated on the basis of an itembyitem measurement based on goods moving average prices. Supplier payments that are to be classified as a reduction of cost reduce the carrying amount of inventories. The same applies to discounts rebates and similar items that are deducted from the purchase price in determining the costs of purchase.Merchandise as of the reporting date is measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value. The net realisable value is the expected selling price less the costs necessary to make the sale. Adequate writedowns to net realisable value are made to allow for all risks from slowmoving goods andor reduced saleability. When the circumstances that previously caused merchandise to be written down below cost no longer exist the writedown is reversed.

Score 0.403
The CSRD and the applicable German legal and other European requirements contain wording and terms that are subject to considerable interpretation uncertainties and for which no authoritative comprehensive interpretations have yet been published. As such wording and terms may be interpreted differently by regulators or courts the legality of measurements or evaluations of sustainability matters based on these interpretations is uncertain. As further set forth in section ... General information Basis for preparation of the Group Sustainability 

Score 0.403
Circular business models and business efficiencies with up to reduction potential.Transition plan for climate change mitigation We are actively developing a climate transition action plan and we are committed to disclosing this plan within the next two years. Energy consumption and mixWe calculate the metrics E Energy consumption and mix considering the total energy consumption across our own operations. This includes electricity consumption district heat consumption and fuel consumption in logistics facilities nonlogistics facilities and vehicles. Fuel consumption includes the combustion of fuels within our own operations comprising natural gas and burning oil for stationary heating and petrol diesel compressed natural gas liquefied petroleum gas and liquefied natural gas for vehicles. Fuel data is converted to megawatt hours MWh using the conversion factors published by the former UK Department for Business Energy Industrial Strategy BEIS. For electricity and district heat consumption supplierspecific data is used when available otherwise the Association of Issuing Bodies 

Score 0.403
Nature of operating activities

Score 0.403
.. Environmental informationDisclosures pursuant to Article of EU Taxonomy regulation

Score 0.402
ESRS Spara. Indicator no Table Annex ImaterialESRS Spara. cIndicator no Table Annex ImaterialESRS Spara. b and cIndicator no Table Annex IRegulation EU Annex IImaterialESRS Spara. eIndicator no Table Annex Imaterial phasedinnot applicable phasedinESRS Spara. aIndicator no Table of annex IRegulation EU Annex IImaterialESRS Spara. bIndicator no Table Annex ImaterialESRS Spara. aIndicator no Table Annex ImaterialESRS Spara. aIndicator no Table and Indicator no Table Annex IRegulation EU Annex II Regulation EU Art materialESRS SBM S para. bIndicators no and Table Annex ImaterialESRS Spara. Indicator no Table Annex and Indicator no Table Annex materialESRS Spara. Indicators no and no Table Annex materialESRS Spara. Indicator no Table Annex Regulation EU Annex II Regulation EU Art materialESRS Spara. Regulation EU Annex IImaterialESRS Spara. Indicator no Table Annex materialESRS Spara. Indicator no Table Annex and Indicator no Table Annex not materialnot applicableESRS Spara. Indicator no Table Annex Regulation EU Annex II Regulation EU Art not materialnot applicableESRS Spara. Indicator no Table Annex not materialnot applicableESRS Spara. Indicator no Table and Indicator no Table Annex not materialnot applicableESRS Spara. Indicator no Table Annex Regulation EU Annex II Regulation EU Art not materialnot applicableESRS Spara. Indicator no Table Annex not materialnot applicableESRS Gpara. bIndicator no Table Annex materialnot applicableESRS Gpara. dIndicator no Table Annex materialnot applicableDisclosure requirement and related data pointSFDR

Score 0.402
Analyse The first step in the cycle is an annual review of our direct contractors to determine their exposure to human rights risks categorised as low medium high or very high risk. To a limited extent the analysis also includes environmental risks using a holistic risk assessment methodology for all direct suppliers based on their location industry and the volume of business with them.

Score 0.401
.InventoriesInventories of merchandise consisting mainly of shoes and textiles are presented in the following table

Score 0.099
Potential positive impacts related to offering a diverse and inclusive assortment of products that meets the needs of oftenoverlooked consumer segments.

Score 0.266
Product content and brand guidelines set clear standards for products content and brand partnerships on our platform aligning with our Code of Conduct and sustainability standards. These standards apply to all business partners and are based on not only what is legal but also what we consider offensive or inappropriate. Overseen at the SVP level the guidelines comply with EU and German regulations including Section a of the German Criminal Code and are publicly available on our corporate website. Content guidelines We also provide guidelines for those involved in content production and postproduction processes such as photography and retouching. In this way we aim to ensure our employees contribute to our efforts in making our platforms truly representative of and accessible to Disabled communities. This includes

Score 0.05
Marketing and Creative teams Styling shooting campaigns and social media

Score 0.124
Design Marketing Content teams Customer experience accessibility and product display pages

Score 0.099
PO team HR and culture topics

Score 0.223
Manage Based on the assessed and prioritised risks we deploy a comprehensive supplierfocused risk management approach that operates on two fronts proactive risk prevention and reactive risk identification and mitigation.

Score 0.124
Actions related to social inclusionWe work towards inclusion and representation of our consumers and endusers by establishing policies and taking actions to improve our practices. Each of these actions and policies have been the result of formalising and implementing new insights gathered on our journey towards our strategic goals over the last three years. To complete this work we have a dedicated SDI team that sets strategy and supports the teams embedded within various functions by providing research and communityNGO insights on the consumer and partner pillars. There are four embedded teams that work on implementing the actions of the strategy

Score 0.088
Modest fashion refers to clothing that follows the principles of modesty in dress usually in accordance with religious or cultural beliefs.

Score 0.193
Processes for engaging with consumers and endusers related to social inclusionConsumer feedback informs our decisions through a reporting mechanism next to each product allowing anonymous or email complaints. The Product Content PC Forum informs consumers of decisions and allows review requests thus complying with the Digital Services Act DSA. Decisions are made within hours with unresolved cases escalated to the PC escalation committee. Grievances are handled confidentially thus respecting the GDPR. While no data on the effectiveness of our engagement with consumers exists we gather insights from vulnerable consumers through surveys and focus groups. The process mainly automated aims to address complaints within business days through an automated system.

Score 0.192
Content creation guidelines for Modest fashion

Score 0.353
Report Reporting of the processes and results of each years cycle is conducted in adherence to the German Supply Chain Due Diligence Act and the guidance of the competent authority Federal Office for Economic Affairs and Export Control Bundesamt fr Wirtschaft und Ausfuhrkontrolle BAFA. Proactive risk management As outlined above our Code of Conduct serves as the standard foundation for our contractual relations. To monitor alignment with our ethical standards we implemented a tracking mechanism to evaluate the implementation status of the Code of Conduct within our contractual landscape. To review compliance of our suppliers we conduct social standard audits at facilities belonging to our direct logistics and customer care suppliers and require social audits with industrywide accepted standards such as the Sedex Members Ethical Trade Audit or Business Social Compliance Initiative from factories supplying our private labels. In we evaluated social audit reports from private labels Tier suppliers December . We conducted social standard audits in our fulfilment area covering customer care and logistic centre providers. Reactive risk identification and mitigationTo ensure workers and other stakeholders have channels in which to effectively raise their concerns we offer two whistleblowing tools which allow workers to anonymously report potential issues and incidents. The tools are available to any external party and can be accessed via our corporate website. One of these is the Speak Up tool which is additionally available in languages as well as via mobile app and hotline.In addition to these whistleblowing tools our membership in the International Accord for Health and Safety in the Garment and Textile Industry formerly the International Accord on Fire and Building Safety in Bangladesh enables our private labels to receive grievances reported through the Accords established complaints mechanism in factories in Bangladesh and Pakistan. Any grievance that is connected to our private labels supply chain is also fed into our remediation framework and followed up accordingly with the supplier concerned. When potential breaches are identified we investigate and respond to them in a systematic way to ensure they are effectively addressed. Our investigation and remediation process provides internal teams with a standardised approach to potential violations of all our defined standards. All reports are acknowledged within seven days of receipt and appropriate measures including audits and interviews are taken to thoroughly investigate claims. When we confirm the occurrence of a violation we require our business partners to implement suitable remediation measures which we follow up on to ensure compliance with our 

Score 0.187
Content creation guidelines for Adaptive fashion

Score 0.26
Visual content and postproduction guidelines 

Score 0.371
standards. If the business partner fails to engage in appropriate remediation measures or if the violation is of such severity that it warrants immediate business consequences we will pause and potentially terminate the business relationship.All information received and retained during the investigations is handled confidentially and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Our policies namely the thirdparty investigation policy and our Code of Conduct explicitly prohibit actions against individuals who raise concerns in good faith.In we opened investigations into potential human rights violations in our supply chain One led to a termination of the business relationship compared to two in a human rights violation in our supply chain could not be proven in eight cases compared to six in and nine other investigations are still ongoing including the case that has already led to the termination of the business relationship as the execution of this decision is still an ongoing process. We place great value on the option of anonymous reporting. Accordingly we are limited in our ability to follow the source of reports we receive leading to limited insights into whether workers in the supply chain make use of our reporting possibilities. Recognising the importance of continuous improvement we assess the effectiveness of our measures throughout our due diligence practices including our grievance and remediation measures using data analysis industry exchange and engagement with expert organisations. Our data analysis involves comparing data points from the risk assessments investigations and remediation yearoveryear as well as reviewing the audit outcome development. We monitor incoming complaints via our reporting channels in quarterly review cycles and present these to the management board and to the audit committee of our supervisory board. In this review incoming complaints are classified according to the legal area of the accusation as well as the severity of the accused constellation amongst others. In this way we are able to identify patterns and trends and react accordingly. For information on how we engage with workers in the value chain by collaborating with external stakeholders and local organisations refer to the following section below on Actions and resources related to workers in the value chain.Actions and resources related to workers in the value chainWe aim to contribute to the creation of decent jobs in the apparel accessories and footwear sector by exploring and delivering initiatives to empower workers and improve their livelihoods through upskilling and capacity building. This effort targets both our workers in the value chain and our own employees to raise awareness of workers rights including working hours and adequate wages. The paragraphs below offer a summarised description of our training and skilling programmes to effectively manage the material IROs relating to workers in the supply chain

Score 0.157
Potential risks including discriminatory communication product design or content featured on our website stemming from possible discrepancies between external representations of DI and internal practices of pinkwashing.

Score 0.286
Compliance standards for external talents monitoring standards which are associated with no formal targets They apply to external vendors and the talent they contract while acting on behalf of Zalando. These guidelines aim to ensure a safe environment for employees and partners while clarifying expected behaviour. They apply to all content on our platforms and are overseen at the SVP level. Developed with input from key teams the material is accessible to our employees vendors and partners with training included in onboarding. The standards help prevent discriminatory or offensive behaviour during production and a remediation process is in place for escalations in line with Germanys General Equal Treatment Act AGG. 

Score 0.208
Code of Ethics This outlines the standards to which we as a company adhere. Based on the fundamental human rights values of honesty respect trust and fairness the code sets clear expectations for the professional ethical and responsible behaviour of all employees. 

Score 0.141
Since we have been training our Private Label teams on living wages to raise awareness for this central issue that can have an impact for workers. The training consists of two modules one covering basics that almost employees have participated in and one advanced module for employees directly involved specifically buying and sourcing 

Score 0.239
Policies related to social inclusionWe are committed to offering a safe inclusive and representative shopping experience for consumers and endusers. We have clustered our related policies into two categories first compliance standardsgeneral antidiscrimination policies and second guidelines that safeguard our employees our external talents and our business partners. Our policies are updated every two years by our Corporate Compliance team and include the following

Score 0.1
Pinkwashing is a tactic that uses messages appearing to support the LGBTQIA community to promote goals that often have little or nothing to do with genuine LGBTQIA equality or inclusion including in LGBTQIAtargeted marketing.

Score 0.304
experts. The trainings were conducted by an external service provider with years of experience in trade unions and the fashion industry. The content includes a basic definition of terms different living wage benchmarks implementation obstacles to remain aware of and advanced tools like cost calculations and strategies to implement the learnings with direct suppliers. After completion of the training with all relevant employees the training was preliminarily concluded in . A recording is permanently available on our online training platform for further distribution. A continuation of this format outside the online sessions is currently not planned. 

Score 0.359
Our skilling goal aligned with our previous do.MORE strategy was reached in Q . In collaboration with Shimmy Technologies and RISE formerly BSRs HERproject we extended training initiatives to the upstream supply chain benefiting workers in two factories in Bangladesh. The training included digital literacy efficiency gender equality financial literacy workplace communication and health and wellbeing. This has resulted in improved efficiency driven by better endtoend process understanding and optimised factory operations. Additionally workers have gained valuable knowledge on gender equality health hygiene and financial planning thus enhancing their daily lives.In addition we aim to act as an enabler by not only focusing on internal projects but also externalising our work. A key aspect of this is collaborating with stakeholders and local organisations to understand industry challenges on site and follow best practices. We are committed to engaging at multiple levels from retailertoretailer partnerships and brand collaborations to working with external stakeholders including government representatives and NGOs. We engage with legitimate interest groups because they advocate for workers rights bring valuable expertise and are often well known to either local workers or the civil society andor union organisations to which they belong. Their credibility helps ensure we follow best practices while supply chain workers awareness of NGOs fosters trust. This collaboration allows us to gain deeper insights into the specific needs and concerns of workers enabling us to tailor our initiatives and measures more effectively. We ensure full compliance with antitrust regulations in all of our external engagements. We engage with workers and their representatives both directly and indirectly through our collaborations with the ILOs BetterWork the International Accord for Health and Safety in the Garment and Textile Industry formerly the International Accord on Fire and Building Safety in Bangladesh Cascale formerly the Sustainable Apparel Coalition Social Labor Convergence Program SLCP Femnet e.V. and Action Collaboration Transformation ACT. According to our DMA we have a high risk of child labour due to our industry and the locations in which clothing is produced particular for our private labels. We have therefore partnered with Save The Children in order to have best practice prevention and remediation solutions in place.To address identified sectorlevel risks we also collaborate with other retailers industry players and business partners and participate in industry initiatives. We distinguish our industry collaborations in two key areas our own private labels where we focus on what we 

Score 0.225
Potential opportunities related to the promotion of a diverse and inclusive product assortment through a varied partner portfolio.We manage our material risks in our RMS. For more information please see Risk management in section .. General information.

Score 0.249
can do differently within Zalando and brandfacing initiatives where we explore what we can ask of thirdparty brands on our platform.Private labels In March we joined the Fair Wear Foundation FWF to align our private labels processes and practices with leading human rights due diligence guidelines in the fashion industry. The FWF provides expert guidance on improving our sourcing purchasing and human rights risk monitoring practices. In we conducted a series of workshops with our Sourcing and Commercial teams as well as our SDI and Corporate Compliance teams in collaboration with the FWF. These workshops were designed to conduct a gap assessment between our current processes and FWFs Brand Performance Check and to develop action plans to address any gaps identified. Further information on these partnerships can be found in the stakeholder engagement in Entityspecific information Innovation and partnerships in section .. Governance information.Brand partners We participate in the retailer round table of The Industry We Want TIWW with other relevant retailers aiming to align supplier requirements and recommendations to create an industryaligned framework which fashion brands can use to implement human rights due diligence measures in a quantifiable and measurable way. This is part of our longterm strategy to respond to the need for guidance and unified reporting within the fashion industry. Actions taken in included participation in working sessions organised by TIWW where retailers committed to work together towards defining a solution. Targets related to workers in the value chainWe have not yet adopted measurable targets in line with the ESRS addressing value chain workers. In service of our overall strategic ambition we defined the ambition to further empower workers through decent work by deepening human rights due diligence in our own operations and those of our partners as well as further evolving our purchasing practices and wage management systems in our private labels by . The strategic ambition of decent work was set by our SDI team and our management board drawing on existing human rights due diligence experience. A concrete roadmap is currently being developed. The ambition was reviewed by several industry groups during our sustainability strategy update process and its scope was adjusted accordingly. Workers voices were considered through expert input such as from NGOs and our new partner FWF.To track meaningful progress we will be assessed on our ability to carry out our due diligence responsibilities and adapt and improve our purchasing practices by FWF through their annual Brand Performance Check. The results of this will be made publicly available. 

Score 0.048
 This risk could lead to reputational damages if accused of pinkwashing which could negatively affect our endusers and lead to a loss in customer loyalty. 

Score 0.143
ESRS S Consumers and endusers

Score 0.255
The following chapter includes four subchapters related to consumers and endusers i.e. our customers social inclusion informationrelated impacts personal safety and privacy. Each subchapter is further organised into sections covering our strategy for managing the IROs identified through our DMA our relevant policies and processes to manage the sustainability subtopics as well as actions and targets.Potential IROs related to our consumers and endusers which we have identified in the course of our DMA are discussed in Impacts risks and opportunities in section ... General information.Social inclusion Material IROs and their interaction with strategy and business model and Interests and views of stakeholdersOur aim is to build a European fashion and lifestyle ecommerce ecosystem that differentiates itself through quality while offering the best possible shopping experience for our consumers. This includes enhancing existing categories offering personalised inspiration and entertainment and elevating our role in consumers lifestyle journeys. Over million active endusers are exposed to the information available on our website and outlets. We define our consumers as anyone purchasing products from our websites and outlets. However anyone visiting our websites or outlets is exposed to the available information. We have not identified any specific groups of endusers that are at risk of harm due to our operations thus ensuring we are offering diverse products and choices that are in line with our DI values. Our do.BETTER strategy focuses on four key pillars talents leadership costumers and partners. To ensure we are inclusive for all our consumers we ensure we follow the German General Equal Treatment Act Allgemeines Gleichbehandlungsgesetz AGG. This includes but is not limited to considerations of age disability or chronic disease gender and gender identity ethnic origin religion or belief and sexual orientation.Our DMA has identified the following IROs associated with social inclusion 

Score 0.048
Key figures

Score 0.374
Material IROs and their interaction with strategy and business model and Interests and views of stakeholdersDecent work is one of two strategic sustainability focus areas in our updated group strategy. Decent work means creating opportunities for productive work in conditions of freedom equity security and human dignity. Focusing on decent work is vital for ensuring the fair treatment of workers in our supply chain. Our decent work focus supports our commitment to respect human rights throughout our operations and supply chain. Although we depend on a complex global supply chain that can pose significant risks to workers we strive to ensure decent work and fair treatment for all individuals involved in bringing our product portfolio to our customers.Our DMA identified potential negative impacts related to forced labour child labour human trafficking inadequate wages and excessive working hours. Denial of freedom of association and collective bargaining agreements pose further risks as does potential discrimination against vulnerable groups including Indigenous peoples minority groups migrant workers sexual minorities and women and children. These risks can stem from insufficient governance and enforcement e.g. of child labour laws in factories and their identification can be complicated due to insufficient and inaccurate worker data. The employment of migrant workers especially those having irregular status further heightens the risk of forced labour while wage noncompliance and a lack of strong regulatory frameworks contribute to significant wage disparities. Notably a lack of occupational health and safety OHS systems threatens worker safety.In addition to our own risk assessments industry reports indicate the following areas of potential concern

Score 0.217
Chain Due Diligence Act which enabled us to prioritise mitigating actions following the next step of our due diligence programme. 

Score 0.198
our nonoverhead employees ensuring comprehensive compliance and support for all staff.

Score 0.232
To increase awareness about the impact of discrimination in our logistic centres our employees in Germany participated in a mandatory German General Equal Treatment Act Allgemeines Gleichbehandlungsgsetz AGG workshop as well as in mandatory AGG elearning. For our employees in Berlin Dortmund and Helsinki we established the Equality Allyship Network. This group of dedicated employees actively promotes inclusivity and challenges discrimination.

Score 0.142
To enhance awareness of DI across our employees we have implemented a mandatory unconsciousbias training for all employees. Additionally in we launched a followup DI survey to measure progress compare results with our survey and gather valuable feedback to further strengthen the promotion of DI within the organisation. Employees from all locations participated in the survey except due to local data protection regulations those in Italy and China and Highsnobiety employees.

Score 0.105
First Inclusive Leadership Programme which aims to provide managers with the knowledge and tools necessary to lead diverse and inclusive teams. 

Score 0.022
German language courses from A to C level at no extra cost.

Score 0.314
Our Learning and Development team has centralised the learning and development catalogue which is accessible to overhead employees and provides a wide range of courses aligned with our business objectives. In order to enhance their skills and improve the employability opportunities for employees we have included

Score 0.387
Our logistics Health and Safety team monitors health and safety data to ensure prevention measures for workplace injuries. This includes our fulfilment return and refurbishment centres operated by or on behalf of ourselves. The aim is to provide an overview of health and safety incidents in our logistics network as well as actions taken to avoid health safety and environmental incidents and impacts as well as the control measures implemented after such incidents take place. These are longterm actions with the commitment of reducing incidents on a yearly basis.

Score 0.126
To support a work environment of psychological safety we continued a training programme for leaders called Lets talk about wellbeing focused on duty of care the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR and active listening and aimed at enhancing our leaders knowledge and empathy when addressing employees wellbeing concerns. Additionally to create a network of employees which proactively promote a healthy work environment and provide immediate support when needed we established a network of Mental Health First Aiders and Wellbeing Ambassadors at our sites in Germany Helsinki and Dublin in . This programme will be continued during . 

Score 0.149
Appointment of dedicated Disability Inclusion Officers in Berlin and Erfurt This permanent role promotes disability inclusion at Zalando and ensures that legal obligations towards people with severe disabilities in the workplace are fulfilled. They ensure compliance with our obligation to support and develop employees with severe disabilities.

Score 0.189
Work time management To ensure compliance with EU regulations and improve employee wellbeing Zalando is developing a new work time management system for our overhead employees in Germany. This system will provide greater visibility into employee working hours reducing the risk of undue overtime and enhancing compliance. A dedicated team is working on the project which is scheduled for completion in . The system will be implemented for all overhead employees across Zalandos global operations. Furthermore a separate work time management system is already in place for 

Score 0.104
We are committed to fostering a supportive work environment that prioritises employee wellbeing. To this end we offer access to the external EAP provided by the Frstenberg Institute. This comprehensive service provides confidential multilingual psychosocial counselling to our employees their close relatives and their friends. The external EAP supports individuals in addressing a wide range of personal and workrelated challenges including

Score 0.23
Processes to raise concerns If an employee experiences inappropriate behaviour feels discriminated against or harassed has a question wishes to discuss a sensitive situation or observes behaviour that is not in line with our Code of Ethics we encourage them to speak up. In some cases the best approach could be to directly approach the involved colleagues. In others employees might speak to their lead or ask a PO business partner for advice. If an employee has experienced or witnessed direct or indirect discrimination harassment or bullying the Corporate Compliance team that handles our groupwide human rights due diligence and the groups Compliance Management System can be contacted to become involved through a protected system. We also offer a whistleblowing tool for all employees. Employees and externals can raise issues through this tool anonymously . Employees may also reach out directly via email or in person to the Corporate Compliance team. Every report is investigated promptly and subject to action where necessary. Employees are provided with additional ways of raising concerns through various feedback sessions surveys works councils and departmentwide meetings. Our Corporate Compliance team has access to the data generated through the whistleblowing tool and analyses the data to better understand where issues originate e.g. business unit nature of the issue or the location among others. Other processes such as the regular anonymous and voluntary DI survey help us gain insight into employees experiences and their perceptions regarding inclusion and belonging. Feedback provided through surveys and feedback sessions and issues raised through our whistleblowing tool are efficiently handled. Our Code of Ethics and Speak Up guidance protects individuals who raise concerns against actions. These are accessible externally on our corporate website and via the internal Zalando employee portal. For more information please refer to ESRS G Business conduct Policies related to business conduct in section .. Governance information. Actions and resources related to own workforceThe following paragraphs contain a summarised description of our actions. These actions are associated with reducing material impacts outlined in Impacts risks and opportunities in section ... General information. To demonstrate our commitment to ESG particularly for our employees the supervisory board incentivises diverse leadership styles from management through the remuneration system of the management board. Please refer to Integration of sustainabilityrelated performance in incentive schemes in section .. General information for further information.Actions performed in 

Score 0.184
Our management board worked closely with a broad group of leaders to define these principles that are applicable at all levels at Zalando.Prevention of child and forced labour We aim to adhere strictly to laws and regulations pertaining to human rights. In this context thepolicy statement on Zalandos human rights strategy described in section ESRS S Workers in the value chain is also relevant for our own workforce. Furthermore our Code of Ethics outlines the fundamental values of honesty respect trust and fairness and sets clear expectations for the professional ethical and responsible behaviour of all employees. In addition the group policy internal investigation describes the comprehensive management of reported actual or suspected compliance violations. For detailed information please refer to ESRS G Business conduct in section .. Governance information.Processes for engaging with own workforce and Interests and views of stakeholdersWe maintain a robust engagement framework that includes entitywide crossfunctional and business unit meetings at various levels as well as other formats like employee assemblies in codetermined entities. These meetings serve as platforms for sharing updates gathering feedback and fostering a sense of community. Most of the meetings held in hybrid format to ensure accessibility for all employees regardless of location. Zalandowide level meetings are typically hosted by a SVP or one of our management board members.Our quarterly engagement and culture survey is a valuable tool for gathering anonymous feedback on our employee experiences. Covering topics such as belonging fairness support balance leadership and overall sentiment the survey provides both quantitative and qualitative insights. Quantitative metrics like participation engagement and strategic alignment offer valuable data on employee feelings and perceptions. Additionally free text fields allow employees to share detailed feedback on our strengths and areas for improvement. We believe that leaders play a crucial role in cultivating a positive and engaging workplace. Therefore we hold our leaders responsible for the survey results within their respective teams. After analysing the survey data at various levels leaders collaborate with their teams to develop action plans that address areas with critical feedback. To keep improving on DI as a foundation for our longterm success we need to understand and improve on employee inclusion experiences. Following on from our DI survey we therefore launched a second DI survey in for all our employees except due to local data protection regulations those in Italy and China and Highsnobiety employees. We anticipate that the results will empower leaders to develop DI action plans for their business unit. We encourage a transparent open feedback culture between employees peers and leads.Our Strategic Employee Relations team is available to transparently support employees who wish to establish an informal ZEP a works council or who have questions regarding unions and their rights. For more information please refer to Freedom of Association in this chapter. For more information on our human rights strategy that applies to all employees and complements our Code of Ethics please refer to section ESRS S Workers in the value chain.