Scores_n_ADMINISTRATIVE AND SUPPORT SERVICE ACTIVITIESScore 0.587
Nature of operating activities

Score 0.55
..Business activity

Score 0.499
The scope categories that are not relevant to us and are therefore excluded are

Score 0.489
Our Learning and Development team has centralised the learning and development catalogue which is accessible to overhead employees and provides a wide range of courses aligned with our business objectives. In order to enhance their skills and improve the employability opportunities for employees we have included

Score 0.472
.. Governance informationESRS G Business conduct

Score 0.471
considered the process for identifying taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned economic activities and the corresponding disclosures in the Group Sustainability Statement.

Score 0.466
The nonpersonnel costs included predominately ITrelated costs office expenses depreciation and impairments for rightofuse assets as well as legal and advisory expenses.. Other operating incomeOther operating income amounted to .m EUR in prior year .m EUR. Indemnification for damages income from a sublease as well as income relating to other periods that cannot be classified by function were the main contributors to other operating income.. Other operating expensesOther operating expenses amounted to .m EUR prior year .m EUR. These other operating expenses relate to disposals of assets refer to sections .. . Property plant and equipment .. . Intangible assets and .. . Rightofuse assets and lease liabilities damages expenses relating to other periods that cannot be classified by function as well as donations. In the prior year other operating expenses mainly comprised severance and garden leave expenses relating to our reshaping programme of .m EUR.

Score 0.453
Sales and marketing processes

Score 0.451
..Business development

Score 0.449
In line with the revised internal management approach we have adjusted our external reporting from Q to reflect our new operating segments of BC and BB. Our external reporting is in line with our internal reporting. Reporting to the management of Zalando for purposes of internal steering fundamentally corresponds to the principles of financial reporting described in .. General principles in accordance with IFRS.The BC segment comprises the majority of our fashion and lifestyle business i.e. our former fashion store segment including the formerly named wholesale and partner business and offprice segment Lounge by Zalando and Outlets as well as our platform service ZMS. The BB segment comprises services that provide the BB products we offer to our partners both on and off the Zalando platform to meet their business needs i.e. ZEOS Fulfilment including ZFS and MCF Tradebyte and Highsnobiety.Revenue and profitability generated through external business partners as well as internal transactions between our segments are reported to the chief operating decisionmaker as required by IFRS . As a result the segment reporting continues to include a reconciliation column to reconcile the segment figures covering both internal and external transactions with the consolidated group figures showing only external transactions. The internal transactions relate to the exchange of goods and services between segments.The management board measures the performance of the segments on the basis of revenue and adjusted EBIT which for segment reporting purposes are defined in the same way as for the consolidated financial statements of the group. No information on segment assets or liabilities is available or relevant for decisionmaking.

Score 0.448
complies with technical screening criteria as defined by a substantial contribution to environmental objectives and adherence to the Do No Significant Harm DNSH principle in accordance with Article or .We started reporting according to the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the corresponding Delegated Acts in . Based on our first assessment we identified one material Taxonomyeligible economic activity within our group related to the leasing of assets covering our office buildings outlets and logistic centres economic activity . listed in Annex I of the Delegated Regulation EU for which we reported Taxonomyeligibility. In reporting was expanded to include the assessment of the Taxonomyalignment of activities within the Zalando group. In the Commission Delegated Regulation EU was applied amending Delegated Regulation EU as regards economic activities in certain energy sectors and amending Delegated Regulation EU as regards specific public disclosures for those economic activities. We assessed Annex I and Annex II that amend the list of economic activities regarding the first two environmental objectives as well as related technical screening and DNSH criteria. We neither perform any of the new activities nor are we affected by the changes to the technical screening criteria. Moreover in the European Commission issued Commission Delegated Regulation EU amending the Delegated Regulation EU by establishing additional technical screening criteria as well as Commission Delegated Regulation EU supplementing Regulation EU by establishing economic activities as well as 

Score 0.448
The other information comprises the remaining parts of the annual report. The other information does not include the consolidated financial statements the audited content of the combined management report and our auditors report thereon.Our opinions on the consolidated financial statements and on the group management report do not cover the other information and consequently we do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance conclusion thereon.In connection with our audit our responsibility is to read the abovementioned other information and in so doing to consider whether the other information 

Score 0.446
Revenue from the sale of merchandise comprised sales of merchandise to our customers within the retail business and is therefore entirely allocated to the BC segment. Revenue from other services comprised mainly revenues from the partner business Zalando Payment Services ZMS and ZEOS Fulfilment including ZFS and MCF. These revenues are allocated to the BC and BB segments.Further information on revenue can be found in section .. . Segment reporting..Cost of sales

Score 0.44
General informationProvisions are recognised in accordance with IAS when the group has a present obligation legal or constructive as a result of a past event it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate of the amount of the obligation can be made.A best estimate is made of the amount of the provisions taking into consideration all the expected risks arising from the obligation. This refers to the amount that is most likely needed to settle the liability. Provisions with a residual term of more than one year are discounted on the reporting date.Dismantling obligationsThe group recognises provisions for dismantling obligations for leasehold improvements in the leased fulfilment centres office buildings and outlets. The provision is recognised at an amount equivalent to the present value of the estimated future dismantling obligations. The dismantling obligations are recognised as part of the cost of leasehold improvements for the corresponding amount. The estimated cash flows are discounted using a discount rate that adequately reflects the maturity and the risk profile. Unwinding of the obligation is recognised as an interest expense in the income statement.

Score 0.438
The assessment of whether purchased partner receivables have a similar nature and function to trade receivables see comments in section .. . Trade and other receivables

Score 0.438
Other information and services

Score 0.435
Risk opportunity cultureRMSobjectivesRMSorganisationRisk opportunityidentificationRMSmonitoring improvementRisk opportunity communicationRisk opportunity controlRisk opportunity assessmentthroughout the company with the goal of providing decisionmakers with valuable information on risks and opportunities.

Score 0.434
in m EUREarnings before taxes..Income tax rate for the group . . Expected tax expense tax income ..Share of taxes forNondeductible expenses taxfree income..Recognition of previously unrecognised unusedtax losses tax credits..Unrecognised unused tax losses..Tax expenses tax income relating to other periods..Tax rate differences..thereof share of subsidiaries with higher tax rates..thereof share of subsidiaries with lower tax rates..Income tax expense according to the consolidatedstatement of comprehensive income..Effective tax rate . . 

Score 0.432
IASBeffective dateEndorsed by EUAnticipated effects January early application permittedYesApplication is not expected to have any material effect on the consolidated financial statements. January early application permittedNoApplication is not expected to have any material effect on the consolidated financial statements. January early application permittedNoApplication is not expected to have any material effect on the consolidated financial statements. January early application permittedNoApplication is expected to have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.Zalando assessed possible impacts of the new IFRS as well as related amendments to other applicable IFRS on our financial statements at initial application. IFRS introduces a new fivecategory classification system that will affect our consolidated income statement. The standard first defines the operating category that will include all items of income or expense that are not classified in one of the other four categories. The majority of items currently included in our EBIT will be allocated to this operating category. The investing category will mainly include income and expenses from investments accounted for using the equity method as well as from cash and cash equivalents. Those items are currently presented within our financial result and will be moved to the investing category. Income and expenses that arise from transactions that involve only the raising of finance or items that arise from transactions that do not involve only the raising of finance but are identified by other IFRS will be classified in the financing category. This will mainly include items that are currently presented in our financial result e.g. interest expenses on convertible bonds and lease liabilities. Items that do not fulfil these criteria shall be classified under other categories. For example income and expenses from hedging relationships shall be moved to the operating category. Foreign exchange differences currently presented in financial result that relate to income and expenses for items that will be classified in the financing category will be presented in this category accordingly. However foreign exchange differences related to cash and cash equivalents will be presented in the investing category and foreign exchange differences related to trade receivables or trade payables will be classified in the operating category. The income taxes category will include only items currently presented under income taxes. Lastly items required by IFRS will be classified in the discontinued operations category which is not expected to be relevant for Zalando.Three new subtotals will be required. The operating profit or loss shall comprise all income and expenses classified in the operating category. The profit before financing and interest expenses will include all income and expenses classified in the operating or investing category. This is not equivalent to our EBIT due to the items that will be moved from the financial result into the operating or investing category. Additionally a profit or loss subtotal will be required which is equal to our net incomeloss for the period. There will be changes to the consolidated statement of cash flows due to amendments to IAS . The starting point for the cash flow from operating activities using the indirect method will be the newly required operating profit or loss and not net incomeloss for the period. In addition interests paid and received that are currently only presented in the cash flow from operating activities will be classified as cash flow from financing activities interest paid or cash flow from investing activities interests and dividends received. With this change the free cash flow which is based on the cash flow from operating activities will be affected accordingly. Furthermore there are new disclosure requirements. Most relevant for Zalando this requires information on expenses by nature if the function of expenses method is used as well as disclosures for managementdefined performance measures that are companyspecific subtotals of income and expenses like EBIT or adjusted EBIT. Zalando will apply IFRS and related amendments of other standards for the annual reporting period beginning on January . The standard will be applied retrospectively according to IAS which requires a reconciliation for each line item of the prior period presented in the annual report . We will also prepare our interim financial statements in financial year in accordance with the new standard. Expected impacts are based on reasonable information available before this annual report was authorised for issue. They may change due to new information available at a later date. January early application permittedNoApplication is not expected to have any material effect as none of our subsidiaries provide consolidated separate or individual financial statements applying IFRS Accounting Standards. January early application permittedNoApplication is not expected to have any material effect on the consolidated financial statements.

Score 0.431
Other informationand service

Score 0.43
The supervisory board has set up rules of procedure for the management board that further specify the collaboration within the management board and distribute the responsibility for the different business areas between the members of the management board. Notwithstanding their joint responsibility for managing the company each member of the management board has sole responsibility for the business area allocated to them. Our two cochairpersons of the management board Robert Gentz and David Schröder jointly coordinate all responsibilities of the management board. They act to ensure that the management of all business areas is uniformly guided by the objectives set and approved as a whole by the management board. All members of our management board work collaboratively together and inform each other constantly about any significant measures and events within their areas of responsibility. The management board meets regularly typically every week. There is a constant and constructive exchange between the management board and the supervisory board members. In particular the chairperson of the supervisory board is informed regularly typically every two weeks on the progress of our business and the situation of the company and other group entities with the management board consulting with them on our strategy planning business development and risk management. Should an important event occur or should any business issue arise that could be of significance to the evaluation of the situation or the development or management of our company the management board will inform the chairperson of the supervisory board immediately. Furthermore our CFO and the chairperson of the supervisory boards audit committee conduct a regular monthly exchange with regard to audit committeerelated matters. The management board supports structures that foster a constructive and open exchange with the companys employees and their representatives to the benefit of our company and our employees.

Score 0.429
in m EUR Dec Dec ChangeOther current financial liabilities...thereof obligations to reimburse customers for returns...thereof derivative financial instruments...thereof debtors with credit balances...thereof others...Other current nonfinancial liabilities...thereof VAT liabilities...thereof liabilities from gift vouchers...thereof liabilities from wages and salaries...thereof others...

Score 0.427
in m EURChangeTotal...thereof historical acquisition costs...thereof changes of allowances...thereof fulfilment services...thereof other...

Score 0.426
Transport Our logistics partners transport products to our fulfilment and return centres. 

Score 0.425
Category Business travel

Score 0.422
AssetsDerivative financial instruments designated as hedging instrumentsLevel Other derivative financial instrumentsLevel Corporate investmentsLevel Money market fundsLevel LiabilitiesBorrowingsLevel Convertible bondsLevel 

Score 0.418
Our key value chains comprise areas of activity through the product life cycle

Score 0.418
in m EURInterest and similar income..thereof from hedging derivatives..thereof from trade and other receivables..thereof from money market funds..thereof from term deposits..thereof from other financial instruments..Interest and similar expenses..thereof from financial liabilities at amortised cost..thereof from hedging derivatives..thereof other interest and similar expenses..Result of investments accounted for using theequity method..Other financial result..thereof from hedging transactions..thereof from currency effects..other valuation effects on financial instruments..Financial result..

Score 0.415
related technical screening criteria for the remaining four environmental objectives. As for we did not identify any significant activity under the regulations for . Our approach of assessing economic activities under the EU Taxonomy Regulation for financial year is explained in more detail below.Our approachFor our financial year we are required to assess the alignment of our eligible economic activities within the six environmental objectives

Score 0.415
Potential opportunities related to the promotion of a diverse and inclusive product assortment through a varied partner portfolio.We manage our material risks in our RMS. For more information please see Risk management in section .. General information.

Score 0.414
Carrying amountCash flows Cash flowsCash flows and ff. in m EUR Dec InterestRepaymentsInterestRepaymentsInterestRepaymentsBorrowings.......Convertible bonds.......Trade payables and similar liabilities .......Other financial liabilities.......thereof from derivatives.......Total.......

Score 0.413
in m EURNotes .. Dec Dec Noncurrent assetsIntangible assets... Property plant and equipment... Rightofuse assets... Financial assets...Nonfinancial assets...Investments accounted for using the equity method...Deferred tax assets.....Current assetsInventories...Trade and other receivables...Other financial assets...Other nonfinancial assets...Cash and cash equivalents.....Total assets..

Score 0.413
Procedures also known as control activities establish the defined practices or steps that are performed to meet or implement standards and satisfy control objectives.

Score 0.413
.Responsibility statement by the management board.Independent auditors report.Glossary.Financial calendar .Imprint

Score 0.412
..Target of female representation on the supervisory board the management board and on management levels below the management board according to Sections AktG

Score 0.412
Proportion of turnover from products or services associated with Taxonomyaligned economic activities

Score 0.411
strategy. For further information on innovation and partnerships see section .. Governance information ESRS G of our sustainability statement.

Score 0.41
in m EUR Dec Dec ChangeOther current financial assets...thereof term depositsmoney market funds...thereof derivative financial instruments...thereof creditors with debit balance...thereof other financial instruments...Other current nonfinancial assets...thereof VAT receivables...thereof right to repossess goods...thereof deferred items...thereof income tax receivables...thereof other nonfinancial assets...

Score 0.408
products we offer to our partners on and off our Zalando platform to meet their business needs i.e. ZEOS Fulfilment including ZFS and MCF Tradebyte and Highsnobiety.Revenue and profitability generated through external business partners as well as the internal transactions between our segments are reported to the chief operating decisionmaker. As a result the segment reporting continues to comprise a reconciliation column to reconcile the segment figures covering both internal and external transactions to the consolidated group figures showing only external transactions. The management board measures the performance of the segments on the basis of revenue and adjusted EBIT which for segment reporting purposes are defined in the same way as for the consolidated financial statements of the group.

Score 0.406
Management is responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that comply in all material respects with IFRSs as adopted by the EU and the additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to Section e HGB and that the consolidated financial statements in compliance with these requirements give a true and fair view of the assets liabilities financial position and financial performance of the Group. In addition management is responsible for such internal control as they have determined necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement whether due to fraud i.e. fraudulent financial reporting and misappropriation of assets or error. In preparing the consolidated financial statements management is responsible for assessing the Groups ability to continue as a going concern. They also have the responsibility for disclosing as applicable matters related to going concern. In addition they are responsible for financial reporting based on the going concern basis of accounting unless there is an intention to liquidate the Group or to cease operations or there is no realistic alternative but to do so.Furthermore management is responsible for the preparation of the group management report that as a whole provides an appropriate view of the Groups position and is in all material respects consistent with the consolidated financial statements complies with German legal requirements and appropriately presents the opportunities and risks of future development. In addition management is responsible for such arrangements and measures systems as they have considered necessary to enable the preparation of a group management report that is in accordance with the applicable German legal requirements and to be able to provide sufficient appropriate evidence for the assertions in the group management report. 

Score 0.403
in m EURCash flow from operating activities..Cash flow from investing activities..Cash flow from financing activities..Net change in cash and cash equivalents from cashrelevant transactions..Change in cash and cash equivalents due to exchange rate movements..Cash and cash equivalents at the beginningof the period..Cash and cash equivalents as of December..Free cash flow..

Score 0.402
DNSH criteria Do No Significant HarmClimate change mitigation YNClimate change adaptationYNWaterYNPollutionYNCircular EconomyYNBiodiversityYNMinimum safeguardsYNProportion of Taxonomyaligned A.. oreligible A.. turnover Category enabling activity ECategory transitional activity T. ..

Score 0.401
YearSubstantial contribution criteriaEconomic activitiesCode CapEx m EURProportion of CapEx Climate change mitigation Climate change adaptation WaterPollutionCircular EconomyBiodiversityA. Taxonomyeligible activities A. Environmentally sustainable activities TaxonomyalignedCapEx of environmentally sustainable activities Taxonomyaligned A...Of which enabling. Of which transitional. A. Taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not Taxonomyaligned activitiesAcquisition andownership ofbuildingsCCM ...ELNELNELNELNELNELCapEx of Taxonomyeligiblebut notenvironmentallysustainable activitiesnotTaxonomyalignedactivities A....A. CapEx of Taxonomy eligible activitiesA. A....B. Taxonomynoneligible activities CapEx of Taxonomynoneligible activities..Total..

Score 0.4
Formerly known as wholesale and offprice business.

Score 0.357
Longterm actions implemented in business practices

Score 0.328
Policies related to social inclusionWe are committed to offering a safe inclusive and representative shopping experience for consumers and endusers. We have clustered our related policies into two categories first compliance standardsgeneral antidiscrimination policies and second guidelines that safeguard our employees our external talents and our business partners. Our policies are updated every two years by our Corporate Compliance team and include the following

Score 0.369
For more information on Tradebyte and Highsnobiety please refer to our group segments in the section .. Group structure of the combined management report. 

Score 0.081
Pinkwashing is a tactic that uses messages appearing to support the LGBTQIA community to promote goals that often have little or nothing to do with genuine LGBTQIA equality or inclusion including in LGBTQIAtargeted marketing.

Score 0.243
Points for the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises related to the matters defined excluding those already reported above. Moreover we disclose the total amount of fines penalties and compensation for damages as a result of violations regarding social and human rights aspects. 

Score 0.166
Incidents complaints and severe human rights impacts

Score 0.209
Number of incidents of discriminationNumber of complaints filed through channels for employees to raise concernsNumber of complaints filed to National Contact Points for OECD Multinational EnterprisesAmount of material fines penalties and compensation for damages as result of violations regarding social and human rights factorsNumber of severe human rights issues and incidents connected to employees that are cases of non respect of UN Guiding Principles and OECD Guidelines for Multinational EnterprisesAmount of material fines penalties and compensation for severe human rights issues and incidents connected to employeesNumber of severe human rights issues and incidents connected to employeesNumber of severe human rights cases where Zalando played role securing remedy for those affected

Score 0.217
Code of Ethics This outlines the standards to which we as a company adhere. Based on the fundamental human rights values of honesty respect trust and fairness the code sets clear expectations for the professional ethical and responsible behaviour of all employees. 

Score 0.095
 This risk could lead to reputational damages if accused of pinkwashing which could negatively affect our endusers and lead to a loss in customer loyalty. 

Score 0.324
The complaints we received from our employees in financial year mainly related to potential unequal treatment and work culture. During the reporting period we identified and addressed no cases of severe human rights incidents related to our employees. Accordingly there have been no incidents that may constitute a violation of the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights the International Labour Organization ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work or the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises. We have implemented policies and procedures to prevent such incidents. Training and skills development We offer an annual training budget to support individual development for our employees with the exception of temporary workers e.g. working students or interns. This budget may be used either on our learning internal catalogue or for external resources in cases where the development requirements are not offered internally. This approach was created by our Learning and Development team and approved by the PO Executive Leadership team.In accordance with German educational holiday regulations Bildungsurlaub our education time policy allows employees in Germany to pursue personal and professional development through continuous learning. Depending on the federal state employees may be entitled to up to five days of paid educational leave per year to attend training courses or seminars related to their work or personal interests.Culture Our founding mindset principles are encapsulated in four core values customer focus entrepreneurial thinking speed and team spirit. These principles guide decisionmaking and empower our employees to work in the interest of our customers and partners. 

Score 0.179
Potential risks including discriminatory communication product design or content featured on our website stemming from possible discrepancies between external representations of DI and internal practices of pinkwashing.

Score 0.274
Our management board worked closely with a broad group of leaders to define these principles that are applicable at all levels at Zalando.Prevention of child and forced labour We aim to adhere strictly to laws and regulations pertaining to human rights. In this context thepolicy statement on Zalandos human rights strategy described in section ESRS S Workers in the value chain is also relevant for our own workforce. Furthermore our Code of Ethics outlines the fundamental values of honesty respect trust and fairness and sets clear expectations for the professional ethical and responsible behaviour of all employees. In addition the group policy internal investigation describes the comprehensive management of reported actual or suspected compliance violations. For detailed information please refer to ESRS G Business conduct in section .. Governance information.Processes for engaging with own workforce and Interests and views of stakeholdersWe maintain a robust engagement framework that includes entitywide crossfunctional and business unit meetings at various levels as well as other formats like employee assemblies in codetermined entities. These meetings serve as platforms for sharing updates gathering feedback and fostering a sense of community. Most of the meetings held in hybrid format to ensure accessibility for all employees regardless of location. Zalandowide level meetings are typically hosted by a SVP or one of our management board members.Our quarterly engagement and culture survey is a valuable tool for gathering anonymous feedback on our employee experiences. Covering topics such as belonging fairness support balance leadership and overall sentiment the survey provides both quantitative and qualitative insights. Quantitative metrics like participation engagement and strategic alignment offer valuable data on employee feelings and perceptions. Additionally free text fields allow employees to share detailed feedback on our strengths and areas for improvement. We believe that leaders play a crucial role in cultivating a positive and engaging workplace. Therefore we hold our leaders responsible for the survey results within their respective teams. After analysing the survey data at various levels leaders collaborate with their teams to develop action plans that address areas with critical feedback. To keep improving on DI as a foundation for our longterm success we need to understand and improve on employee inclusion experiences. Following on from our DI survey we therefore launched a second DI survey in for all our employees except due to local data protection regulations those in Italy and China and Highsnobiety employees. We anticipate that the results will empower leaders to develop DI action plans for their business unit. We encourage a transparent open feedback culture between employees peers and leads.Our Strategic Employee Relations team is available to transparently support employees who wish to establish an informal ZEP a works council or who have questions regarding unions and their rights. For more information please refer to Freedom of Association in this chapter. For more information on our human rights strategy that applies to all employees and complements our Code of Ethics please refer to section ESRS S Workers in the value chain.

Score 0.311
Potential positive impacts related to offering a diverse and inclusive assortment of products that meets the needs of oftenoverlooked consumer segments.

Score 0.333
The following chapter includes four subchapters related to consumers and endusers i.e. our customers social inclusion informationrelated impacts personal safety and privacy. Each subchapter is further organised into sections covering our strategy for managing the IROs identified through our DMA our relevant policies and processes to manage the sustainability subtopics as well as actions and targets.Potential IROs related to our consumers and endusers which we have identified in the course of our DMA are discussed in Impacts risks and opportunities in section ... General information.Social inclusion Material IROs and their interaction with strategy and business model and Interests and views of stakeholdersOur aim is to build a European fashion and lifestyle ecommerce ecosystem that differentiates itself through quality while offering the best possible shopping experience for our consumers. This includes enhancing existing categories offering personalised inspiration and entertainment and elevating our role in consumers lifestyle journeys. Over million active endusers are exposed to the information available on our website and outlets. We define our consumers as anyone purchasing products from our websites and outlets. However anyone visiting our websites or outlets is exposed to the available information. We have not identified any specific groups of endusers that are at risk of harm due to our operations thus ensuring we are offering diverse products and choices that are in line with our DI values. Our do.BETTER strategy focuses on four key pillars talents leadership costumers and partners. To ensure we are inclusive for all our consumers we ensure we follow the German General Equal Treatment Act Allgemeines Gleichbehandlungsgesetz AGG. This includes but is not limited to considerations of age disability or chronic disease gender and gender identity ethnic origin religion or belief and sexual orientation.Our DMA has identified the following IROs associated with social inclusion 

Score 0.321
Processes to raise concerns If an employee experiences inappropriate behaviour feels discriminated against or harassed has a question wishes to discuss a sensitive situation or observes behaviour that is not in line with our Code of Ethics we encourage them to speak up. In some cases the best approach could be to directly approach the involved colleagues. In others employees might speak to their lead or ask a PO business partner for advice. If an employee has experienced or witnessed direct or indirect discrimination harassment or bullying the Corporate Compliance team that handles our groupwide human rights due diligence and the groups Compliance Management System can be contacted to become involved through a protected system. We also offer a whistleblowing tool for all employees. Employees and externals can raise issues through this tool anonymously . Employees may also reach out directly via email or in person to the Corporate Compliance team. Every report is investigated promptly and subject to action where necessary. Employees are provided with additional ways of raising concerns through various feedback sessions surveys works councils and departmentwide meetings. Our Corporate Compliance team has access to the data generated through the whistleblowing tool and analyses the data to better understand where issues originate e.g. business unit nature of the issue or the location among others. Other processes such as the regular anonymous and voluntary DI survey help us gain insight into employees experiences and their perceptions regarding inclusion and belonging. Feedback provided through surveys and feedback sessions and issues raised through our whistleblowing tool are efficiently handled. Our Code of Ethics and Speak Up guidance protects individuals who raise concerns against actions. These are accessible externally on our corporate website and via the internal Zalando employee portal. For more information please refer to ESRS G Business conduct Policies related to business conduct in section .. Governance information. Actions and resources related to own workforceThe following paragraphs contain a summarised description of our actions. These actions are associated with reducing material impacts outlined in Impacts risks and opportunities in section ... General information. To demonstrate our commitment to ESG particularly for our employees the supervisory board incentivises diverse leadership styles from management through the remuneration system of the management board. Please refer to Integration of sustainabilityrelated performance in incentive schemes in section .. General information for further information.Actions performed in 

Score 0.31
 the strategy is centred around ambitions and targets encompassing talents leadership customers and partners. We report biannually to the DI and sustainability committee which comprises all our executive leaders on the status of our ambitions targets and learnings. The DI and sustainability committee meets regularly to support ongoing initiatives. The strategy is published on both our corporate website and our internal Zalando employee portal. The do.BETTER strategy concluded in .Incidents of discrimination The following table shows the total number of all incidents of discrimination including harassment reported in the financial year. This metric is calculated as the sum of all recorded cases that were categorised as discrimination or sexual harassment and assessed as a potential human rights violation during the reporting period. We also disclose the number of all complaints filed through channels for our employees to raise concerns including grievance mechanisms and where applicable the National Contact 

Score 0.208
Product content and brand guidelines set clear standards for products content and brand partnerships on our platform aligning with our Code of Conduct and sustainability standards. These standards apply to all business partners and are based on not only what is legal but also what we consider offensive or inappropriate. Overseen at the SVP level the guidelines comply with EU and German regulations including Section a of the German Criminal Code and are publicly available on our corporate website. Content guidelines We also provide guidelines for those involved in content production and postproduction processes such as photography and retouching. In this way we aim to ensure our employees contribute to our efforts in making our platforms truly representative of and accessible to Disabled communities. This includes

Score 0.281
Adequate wages For our metrics on adequate wages in accordance with the Eurostat database countries within the EEA are used as an applicable benchmark. For countries outside the EEA any benchmark that meets the criteria set out by the Sustainable Trade Initiative may be used including applicable benchmarks aligned with the Anker Methodology or provided by the Wage Indicator Foundation or Fair Wage Network. For these countries there are different adequate wage benchmark figures for different subnational regions the U.S Bureau of Labour Statistics Chinas average yearly wages and Hong Kongs average monthly wages. Interns and working students are excluded from these calculations. None of our employees are paid below adequate wages.Employment and inclusion of persons with disabilities We aim to create an inclusive workplace for employees with disabilities regardless of their official status. To improve Disability inclusion we implemented an action plan in for our Berlinbased offices and employees. Key initiatives include accessibility audits and improvements to physical spaces particularly in our newly constructed Berlin office Allyship programmes leadership awareness measures and inclusive recruitment processes.The Disability inclusion toolkit focuses on the disability legal framework in Germany and empowers leaders and PO business partners to create inclusive environments. Additionally our Employee Assistance Programme EAP provides specialised support for employees navigating disabilityrelated processes like applying for an official German disability pass.Diversity elimination of discrimination We have a clear policy against discrimination documented in our Code of Ethics as described in ESRS G Business conduct in section .. Governance information. Zalando do.BETTERIn we published our first DI strategy do.BETTER which was approved by the management board to create a more inclusive workplace as well as to ensure we support the communities we reach. Applicable across all our entities with the exception of our Tradebyte and Highsnobiety entities

Score 0.26
PO team HR and culture topics

Score 0.219
Inclusive language Aimed at improving the inclusiveness of messaging and project communication through work with copy and language

Score 0.27
Inclusive production Aimed at improving the inclusiveness of teams collaborative processes

Score 0.05
Gender pay gap

Score 0.395
Supply teams Private label design and buyingIn the paragraphs below we have clustered our activities by action area and provide specific examples of how our actions work to include underrepresented groups. All of our actions are part of our threeyear do.BETTER strategy which concluded this year. The following training sessions were carried out in to help our teams improve representation while ensuring empathy towards those with experiences outside of their own community 

Score 0.146
Marketing and Creative teams Styling shooting campaigns and social media

Score 0.205
Average remuneration ratioGender pay gap in CategoryOverhead..NonOverhead..Total...

Score 0.237
Design Marketing Content teams Customer experience accessibility and product display pages

Score 0.351
Actions related to social inclusionWe work towards inclusion and representation of our consumers and endusers by establishing policies and taking actions to improve our practices. Each of these actions and policies have been the result of formalising and implementing new insights gathered on our journey towards our strategic goals over the last three years. To complete this work we have a dedicated SDI team that sets strategy and supports the teams embedded within various functions by providing research and communityNGO insights on the consumer and partner pillars. There are four embedded teams that work on implementing the actions of the strategy

Score 0.255
Compliance standards for external talents monitoring standards which are associated with no formal targets They apply to external vendors and the talent they contract while acting on behalf of Zalando. These guidelines aim to ensure a safe environment for employees and partners while clarifying expected behaviour. They apply to all content on our platforms and are overseen at the SVP level. Developed with input from key teams the material is accessible to our employees vendors and partners with training included in onboarding. The standards help prevent discriminatory or offensive behaviour during production and a remediation process is in place for escalations in line with Germanys General Equal Treatment Act AGG. 

Score 0.068
Modest fashion refers to clothing that follows the principles of modesty in dress usually in accordance with religious or cultural beliefs.

Score 0.244
Processes for engaging with consumers and endusers related to social inclusionConsumer feedback informs our decisions through a reporting mechanism next to each product allowing anonymous or email complaints. The Product Content PC Forum informs consumers of decisions and allows review requests thus complying with the Digital Services Act DSA. Decisions are made within hours with unresolved cases escalated to the PC escalation committee. Grievances are handled confidentially thus respecting the GDPR. While no data on the effectiveness of our engagement with consumers exists we gather insights from vulnerable consumers through surveys and focus groups. The process mainly automated aims to address complaints within business days through an automated system.

Score 0.213
Content creation guidelines for Modest fashion

Score 0.19
Content creation guidelines for Adaptive fashion

Score 0.164
Visual content and postproduction guidelines 

Score 0.221
Pay ratios are largely driven by the employee distribution across lower and higherpaying jobs such as in nonoverhead roles and tech for instance and is thus industry and companyspecific. For the gender pay gap in particular differences in the prevalence of jobs between men and women matters since it immediately impacts the pay average. Similarly the relative share of male and female employees in the different countries influences the gender pay gap.The differences in the abovementioned payrelated factors between men and women explain around of the unadjusted gender pay gap. Therefore for Zalando the disclosure of the adjusted gender pay gap is important. For Zalando overall the adjusted gender pay gap amounts to . . prior year among overhead roles the adjusted gap is . . prior year and it stands at . . prior year for nonoverhead roles. The adjusted pay gap excludes employees in areas with incomplete or noncomparable job grades and families e.g. Highsnobiety. The calculation of the adjusted gap includes base salary equity compensation functional allowances commuting allowances boni and shift and oncall premia. It controls for differences in job grades job functions and location. Therefore it differs from formerly published adjusted gender pay gaps in outcome and controls i.e. previously focusing only on base salary and equity compensation while additionally controlling for age tenure and contract type and the inclusion of working students ad apprentices.

Score 0.226
can do differently within Zalando and brandfacing initiatives where we explore what we can ask of thirdparty brands on our platform.Private labels In March we joined the Fair Wear Foundation FWF to align our private labels processes and practices with leading human rights due diligence guidelines in the fashion industry. The FWF provides expert guidance on improving our sourcing purchasing and human rights risk monitoring practices. In we conducted a series of workshops with our Sourcing and Commercial teams as well as our SDI and Corporate Compliance teams in collaboration with the FWF. These workshops were designed to conduct a gap assessment between our current processes and FWFs Brand Performance Check and to develop action plans to address any gaps identified. Further information on these partnerships can be found in the stakeholder engagement in Entityspecific information Innovation and partnerships in section .. Governance information.Brand partners We participate in the retailer round table of The Industry We Want TIWW with other relevant retailers aiming to align supplier requirements and recommendations to create an industryaligned framework which fashion brands can use to implement human rights due diligence measures in a quantifiable and measurable way. This is part of our longterm strategy to respond to the need for guidance and unified reporting within the fashion industry. Actions taken in included participation in working sessions organised by TIWW where retailers committed to work together towards defining a solution. Targets related to workers in the value chainWe have not yet adopted measurable targets in line with the ESRS addressing value chain workers. In service of our overall strategic ambition we defined the ambition to further empower workers through decent work by deepening human rights due diligence in our own operations and those of our partners as well as further evolving our purchasing practices and wage management systems in our private labels by . The strategic ambition of decent work was set by our SDI team and our management board drawing on existing human rights due diligence experience. A concrete roadmap is currently being developed. The ambition was reviewed by several industry groups during our sustainability strategy update process and its scope was adjusted accordingly. Workers voices were considered through expert input such as from NGOs and our new partner FWF.To track meaningful progress we will be assessed on our ability to carry out our due diligence responsibilities and adapt and improve our purchasing practices by FWF through their annual Brand Performance Check. The results of this will be made publicly available. 

Score 0.212
ESRS S Consumers and endusers

Score 0.28
Our skilling goal aligned with our previous do.MORE strategy was reached in Q . In collaboration with Shimmy Technologies and RISE formerly BSRs HERproject we extended training initiatives to the upstream supply chain benefiting workers in two factories in Bangladesh. The training included digital literacy efficiency gender equality financial literacy workplace communication and health and wellbeing. This has resulted in improved efficiency driven by better endtoend process understanding and optimised factory operations. Additionally workers have gained valuable knowledge on gender equality health hygiene and financial planning thus enhancing their daily lives.In addition we aim to act as an enabler by not only focusing on internal projects but also externalising our work. A key aspect of this is collaborating with stakeholders and local organisations to understand industry challenges on site and follow best practices. We are committed to engaging at multiple levels from retailertoretailer partnerships and brand collaborations to working with external stakeholders including government representatives and NGOs. We engage with legitimate interest groups because they advocate for workers rights bring valuable expertise and are often well known to either local workers or the civil society andor union organisations to which they belong. Their credibility helps ensure we follow best practices while supply chain workers awareness of NGOs fosters trust. This collaboration allows us to gain deeper insights into the specific needs and concerns of workers enabling us to tailor our initiatives and measures more effectively. We ensure full compliance with antitrust regulations in all of our external engagements. We engage with workers and their representatives both directly and indirectly through our collaborations with the ILOs BetterWork the International Accord for Health and Safety in the Garment and Textile Industry formerly the International Accord on Fire and Building Safety in Bangladesh Cascale formerly the Sustainable Apparel Coalition Social Labor Convergence Program SLCP Femnet e.V. and Action Collaboration Transformation ACT. According to our DMA we have a high risk of child labour due to our industry and the locations in which clothing is produced particular for our private labels. We have therefore partnered with Save The Children in order to have best practice prevention and remediation solutions in place.To address identified sectorlevel risks we also collaborate with other retailers industry players and business partners and participate in industry initiatives. We distinguish our industry collaborations in two key areas our own private labels where we focus on what we 

Score 0.231
Work time management To ensure compliance with EU regulations and improve employee wellbeing Zalando is developing a new work time management system for our overhead employees in Germany. This system will provide greater visibility into employee working hours reducing the risk of undue overtime and enhancing compliance. A dedicated team is working on the project which is scheduled for completion in . The system will be implemented for all overhead employees across Zalandos global operations. Furthermore a separate work time management system is already in place for 

Score 0.242
 SGB IX Duty of Employers to Employ Severely Disabled Persons SGB IX Pflicht der Arbeitgeber zur Beschäftigung schwerbehinderter Menschen.

Score 0.266
models and family counselling. We are committed to reducing attrition rates and actively engage in regular monthly collaborations with functional leaders to evaluate progress address challenges and identify impactful interventions. Employees with severe disabilities Zalando must comply with Social Code IX Rehabilitation and Participation of Disabled People legislation SGB IX Sozialgesetzbuch Rehabilitation und Teilhabe von Menschen mit Behinderungen

Score 0.23
To support a work environment of psychological safety we continued a training programme for leaders called Lets talk about wellbeing focused on duty of care the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR and active listening and aimed at enhancing our leaders knowledge and empathy when addressing employees wellbeing concerns. Additionally to create a network of employees which proactively promote a healthy work environment and provide immediate support when needed we established a network of Mental Health First Aiders and Wellbeing Ambassadors at our sites in Germany Helsinki and Dublin in . This programme will be continued during . 

Score 0.314
We will also focus on three key areas for which we have defined set working groups hiring and attraction internal development and culture and engagement.Women in leadership target Our commitment to women in leadership is reflected in our target of increasing the share of women in each of our five top leadership levels including the management board to with the exception of the Highsnobiety entities.The target was initiated in with a baseline of . women in our five top leadership levels with the initial target year of extended until for the four leadership levels below the management board and until for the management board. The baseline in comprises . women on the management board . at the SVP level . at the VP level . at the Director level and . at the Head level. On December the average percentage of women in the top five levels of leadership of . is still below this target. Yet we achieved an increase to . representation on the management board . at the SVP level . at the VP level . at the Director level and . at the Head level for the reporting year see also our Gender distribution table.We have implemented strategies in recruitment development promotion and workplace culture to attract and retain women monitoring proactively the numbers for promotion by gender. Women who have been identified for a potential promotion are offered a tailored development programme called TripleSteps which includes a personal coach sponsor job shadowing and peer network opportunities. Furthermore our managers are asked to exchange frequently with employees via regular checkins and Engagement Talks to gauge workplace satisfaction and engagement. To support worklife integration we provide flexible working 

Score 0.203
In August we launched our new women in tech steering committee allocating ownership for delivery and progress jointly to our senior leaders in both PO and tech. 

Score 0.29
Targets related to own workforceIn line with our areas of work we have published a set of ambition statements that helped us to measure the progress of our do.BETTER strategy. In addition to these we have set measurable targets to drive progress towards our commitment as well as push the accountability for social inclusion topics to management board level.Women in tech target In we committed to increasing the share of women in tech job families to by as of the end of year tech job families accounted for positions at Zalando. The baseline value in was .. In the share of women in tech reached .. As of December our women in tech share has increased by . percentage points to . with the exception of the Highsnobiety entities. The target achievement depends largely on opportunities to hire and lower attrition.Due to challenges in meeting our initial target we redefined our women in tech target at the end of H . Moving forward instead of a fixed timeline we will focus on yearonyear growth to achieve sustainable change still aiming for of women in tech job families. Our strategy now includes targeted recruitment and retention fostering an inclusive workplace culture and collaborating with partners. This plan addresses both internal organisational changes and broader systemic issues. The following measures will ensure we have effective governance structures in place to deliver on this new target

Score 0.38
To strengthen diversity among our employees especially in leadership positions and ensure the retention of underrepresented groups we have introduced longterm initiatives focused on accountability and career growth. These include diverse interview panels and measurable goals for talent acquisition and leadership teams to drive impactful progress.Looking ahead to we will continue to offer various working time models that provide more flexibility for our logistic centres employees to improve their worklife balance and career opportunities.We have not implemented specific actions in line with the ESRS for the subtopics of freedom of association collective bargaining and collective agreements works councils and consultation and participation rights of workers or prevention of child labour and forced labour as these areas are comprehensively addressed by the existing legal frameworks. By ensuring alignment with national labour laws and international standards we aim to maintain full compliance with these obligations. For information on how we manage IROs related to these subtopics please refer to Policies and practices related to own workforce Processes for engaging with own workforce and Processes to raise concerns above. 

Score 0.282
Our logistics Health and Safety team monitors health and safety data to ensure prevention measures for workplace injuries. This includes our fulfilment return and refurbishment centres operated by or on behalf of ourselves. The aim is to provide an overview of health and safety incidents in our logistics network as well as actions taken to avoid health safety and environmental incidents and impacts as well as the control measures implemented after such incidents take place. These are longterm actions with the commitment of reducing incidents on a yearly basis.

Score 0.314
To embed DI in our culture we have streamlined our ways of working by anchoring best practices and creating a proper governance for our ERGs which are employeeled groups formed on the basis of shared identity or experiences. ERGs aim to create safer spaces and communities where employees come together to discuss their experiences. Each ERG has dedicated sponsors and robust governance structures. Although these networks are mainly based in Berlin they cooperate with our international sites as well as with Dortmund when necessary. ERGs increase the visibility of underrepresented groups and provide structures to support diversity.

Score 0.192
Childcare supportFor employees located outside of Germany we leverage the Fürstenberg Institutes global network of partners to ensure access to similar highquality external EAP services. To ensure easy accessibility detailed information about the entitlements contact details and guidelines are available on our internal Zalando employee portal.

Score 0.195
Financial challenges

Score 0.069
German language courses from A to C level at no extra cost.

Score 0.099
Relationship difficulties e.g. family partner

Score 0.242
First Inclusive Leadership Programme which aims to provide managers with the knowledge and tools necessary to lead diverse and inclusive teams. 

Score 0.134
Worklife balance issues e.g. time management burnout

Score 0.19
To enhance awareness of DI across our employees we have implemented a mandatory unconsciousbias training for all employees. Additionally in we launched a followup DI survey to measure progress compare results with our survey and gather valuable feedback to further strengthen the promotion of DI within the organisation. Employees from all locations participated in the survey except due to local data protection regulations those in Italy and China and Highsnobiety employees.

Score 0.258
To increase awareness about the impact of discrimination in our logistic centres our employees in Germany participated in a mandatory German General Equal Treatment Act Allgemeines Gleichbehandlungsgsetz AGG workshop as well as in mandatory AGG elearning. For our employees in Berlin Dortmund and Helsinki we established the Equality Allyship Network. This group of dedicated employees actively promotes inclusivity and challenges discrimination.

Score 0.206
Mental health concerns e.g. stress anxiety depression