Scores_k_FINANCIAL AND INSURANCE ACTIVITIESScore 0.651
Financial assets classified as held for trading Trading assets Trading securities Other trading assets

Score 0.62
AssetsReceivables from banks and customers incl. balances with central banks and debt instruments of publicsector entities Participating interests and investments in affiliated companies Bonds and other securities and equity shares Trading Assets Remaining other assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders EquityLiabilities to banks and customers Liabilities in certificate form Trading liabilities Provisions Capital and reserves Subordinated liabilities Participation rights capital Instruments for Additional Tier Regulatory Capital and Fund for general banking risks Remaining other liabilities Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

Score 0.586
Revenue is recognized when performance obligations are satisfied. Performance obligation is satisfied by fund performance exceeding a hurdle rate an agreed minimum annual return provided to investors. As of December there were performance obligations to be satisfied of million with a time band of three years from to as of December million with a time band of three years from to from Alternative funds. The decrease of performance obligations to be satisfied was mainly driven by decline in the real estate valuations due to market conditions. As of December and December the Groups balance of receivables from commission and fee income was million and million respectively. As of December and December the Groups balance of contract liabilities associated to commission and fee income was million and million respectively. Contract liabilities arise from the Groups obligation to provide future services to a customer for which it has received consideration from the customer prior to completion of the services. The balances of receivables and contract liabilities do not vary significantly from period to period reflecting the fact that they predominately relate to recurring service contracts with service periods of less than one year such as monthly current account services and quarterly asset management services. As a result prior period balances of contract liabilities are generally recognized in revenue in the subsequent period. Customer payment in exchange for services provided are generally subject to performance by the Group over the specific service period such that the Groups right to payment arises at the end of the service period when its performance obligations are fully completed. Therefore no material balance of contract asset is reported. 

Score 0.58
 Corporate Treasury Services Institutional Client Services Business Banking Corporate Bank FIC Sales Trading Remaining Products Investment Bank Private Bank Germany International Private Bank Private Bank Asset Management Corporate Other Total net interest income and net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss 

Score 0.571
The Groups trading and risk management businesses include significant activities in interest rate instruments and related derivatives. Under IFRS interest and similar income earned from trading instruments and financial instruments designated at fair value through profit or loss i.e. coupon and dividend income and the costs of funding net trading positions are part of net interest income. The Groups trading activities can periodically shift income to either net interest income or to net gains losses of financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss depending on a variety of factors including risk management strategies. The above table combines net interest income and net gains losses of financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss by business division. 

Score 0.569
Major type of services Commissions for administration Commissions for assets under management Commissions for other securities Underwriting and advisory fees Brokerage fees Commissions for local payments Commissions for foreign commercial business Commissions for foreign currencyexchange business Commissions for loan processing and guarantees Intermediary fees Fees for sundry other customer services Total fee and commissions income Gross expense Net fees and commissions 

Score 0.567
Other financial assets include million of other trading assets . billion of other nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value and million other financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 

Score 0.567
Financial assets are classified at fair value through profit or loss if they are held in the Other business model because they are either held for trading or because they do not meet the criteria for Hold to Collect or Hold to Collect and Sell. In addition it includes financial assets that meet the criteria for Hold to Collect or Hold to Collect and Sell business model but the financial asset fails SPPI or where the Group designated the financial assets under the fair value option. Financial assets classified as Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are measured at fair value with realized and unrealized gains and losses included in Net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss. Interest on interest earning assets such as trading loans and debt securities and dividends on equity instruments are presented in Interest and Similar Income. The Group applies trade date accounting to financial assets classified at fair value through profit or loss.Trading assets Financial assets are classified as held for trading if they have been originated acquired or incurred principally for the purpose of selling or repurchasing them in the near term or they form part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that are managed together and for which there is evidence of a recent actual pattern of shortterm profittaking. Trading assets include debt and equity securities derivatives held for trading purposes and trading loans. This also includes loan commitments that are allocated to the Other business model and that are presented as derivatives held for trading. 

Score 0.565
 Trading assets and liabilities positive and negative market values from derivative financial instruments net Other net Net cash provided by used in operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Proceeds from Sale of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income Maturities of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income Sale of debt securities held to collect at amortized cost Maturities of debt securities held to collect at amortized cost Sale of equity method investments Sale of property and equipment Purchase of Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income Debt Securities held to collect at amortized cost Equity method investments Property and equipment Net cash received in paid for business combinationsdivestitures Other net Net cash provided by used in investing activities Cash flows from financing activities Issuances of subordinated longterm debt 

Score 0.565
Financial assets 

Score 0.562
Deposits Central bank funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements Securities loaned Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss Other shortterm borrowings Other liabilities Provisions Liabilities for current tax Longterm debt Trust preferred securities Total liabilities before deferred tax liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Total liabilities 

Score 0.562
The Group classifies financial assets in line with the classification and measurement requirements of IFRS where financial assets are classified based on both the business model used for managing the financial assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset known as Solely Payments of Principal and Interest or SPPI. There are three business models available Hold to Collect Financial assets held with the objective to collect contractual cash flows. They are subsequently measured at amortized cost and are recorded in multiple lines on the Groups consolidated balance sheet. Hold to Collect and Sell Financial assets held with the objective of both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets. They are recorded as Financial assets at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income on the Groups consolidated balance sheet. Other Financial assets that do not meet the criteria of either Hold to Collect or Hold to Collect and Sell. They are recorded as Financial Assets at Fair Value through Profit or Loss on the Groups consolidated balance sheet. The assessment of business model requires judgment based on facts and circumstances upon initial recognition. As part of this assessment the Group considers quantitative factors e.g. the expected frequency and volume of sales and qualitative factors such as how the performance of the business model and the financial assets held within that business model are evaluated and reported to the Groups key management personnel. In addition to taking into consideration the risks that affect the performance of the business model and the financial assets held within that business model in particular the way in which those market and credit risks are managed and how managers of the business are compensated e.g. whether the compensation is based on the fair value of the assets managed or on the contractual cash flows collected. This assessment results in an asset being classified in either a Hold to Collect Hold to Collect and Sell or Other business model. If the Group holds a financial asset either in a Hold to Collect or a Hold to Collect and Sell business model then an assessment at initial recognition to determine whether the contractual cash flows of the financial asset are Solely Payments of Principal and Interest on the principal amount outstanding is required to determine the financial asset classification. Contractual cash flows that are SPPI on the principal amount outstanding are consistent with a basic lending arrangement. Interest in a basic lending arrangement is consideration for the time value of money and the credit risk associated with the principal amount outstanding during a particular period of time. It can also include consideration for other basic lending risks e.g. liquidity risk and costs e.g. administrative costs associated with holding the financial asset for a particular period of time and a profit margin that is consistent with a basic lending arrangement. Where cash flows can change over time due to contingent events such as terms where the margin on a loan adjusts depending on the performance of the borrower on certain contractual ESG metrics the contingent event and cash flows are assessed to determine if the instrument cash flows are SPPI. The nature of the contingent event and the size of the possible change in cash flows are taken into account in this assessment on an absolute and relative basis compared to the overall coupon. Additionally as part of the SPPI assessment where the lending is nonrecourse in nature then further assessment is made to determine if the cash flows are consistent with SPPI which is dependent on the nature of the underlying the level of subordination and the contractual cash flows of the instrument held. The Group originates and purchases debt instruments from entities issuing multiple tranches of debt. Where these instruments meet the definition of a contractually linked instruments then further analysis is performed on the cash flows and credit risk exposure of the instrument held as well as the underlying collateral held at purchase and can be held in the future. 

Score 0.558
Trading assets Positive market values from derivative financial instruments Nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss Of which Securities purchased under resale agreement Securities borrowed Loans Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets at fair value through OCI Of which Securities purchased under resale agreement Securities borrowed Loans Total financial assets at fair value through OCI Financial guarantees and other credit related contingent liabilities Revocable and irrevocable lending commitments and other credit related commitments Total offbalance sheet Maximum exposure to credit risk 

Score 0.557
Financial liabilities 

Score 0.556
Statutory contractual or regulatory requirements as well as protective rights of noncontrolling interests might restrict the ability of the Group to access and transfer assets freely to or from other entities within the Group and to settle liabilities of the Group. The following contractual restrictions impact the Groups ability to use assets and the table below reflects the volume of those restricted assets The Group has pledged assets to collateralize its obligations under repurchase agreements securities financing transactions collateralized loan obligations and for margining purposes for OTC derivative liabilities The assets of consolidated structured entities are held for the benefit of the parties that have bought the notes issued by these entities 

Score 0.553
Total trading assets as of December and December of . billion and . billion are comprised primarily of . billion and . billion in securitizations and . billion and . billion in funds structured entities respectively. The Groups interests in securitizations are collateralized by the assets contained in these entities. Where the Group holds fund units these are typically in regard to market making in funds or otherwise serve as hedges for notes issued to clients. Moreover the credit risk arising from loans made to third party funding structured entities is mitigated by the collateral received. Nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss includes reverse repurchase agreements to funds which comprise the majority of the interests in this category and are collateralized by the underlying securities. Loans as of December and December consist of . billion and . billion investment in securitization tranches and financing to third party funding entities. The Groups financing to third party funding entities is collateralized by the assets in those structured entities. Other assets as of December and December of . billion and . billion respectively consist primarily of cash margin balances. Pending Receivable balances are not included in this disclosure note due to the fact that these balances arise from typical customer supplier relationships out of e.g. brokerage type activities and their inherent volatility would not provide users of the financial statements with effective information about Deutsche Banks exposures to structured entities. 

Score 0.552
Interestearning deposits with banks Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income Loans at amortized cost Other Total 

Score 0.551
 Financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss 		 	Financial Instruments carried at fair value Fair value of financial instruments not carried at fair value 		 	Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income		 	 Equity method investments Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities		 	Loans		 	Allowance for credit losses Transfer of financial assets assets pledged and received as collateral 		 	Property and equipment		 	Leases 		 	Goodwill and other intangible assets 		 	Noncurrent assets and disposal groups held for sale 		 	Other assets and other liabilities		 	Deposits 		 	Provisions 		 	 Credit related commitments and contingent liabilities		 	Other shortterm borrowings 		 	Longterm debt and trust preferred securities 		 	Maturity analysis of the earliest contractual undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities 

Score 0.551
Financial assets held at fair value Trading securities Positive market values from derivative financial instruments Other trading assets Nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 

Score 0.55
Financial assets held at fair value Trading assets Trading securities Other trading assets Positive market values from derivative financial instruments Nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income Other financial assets at fair value 

Score 0.547
Third party funding entities The Group provides funding to structured entities that hold a variety of assets. These entities may take the form of funding entities trusts and private investment companies. The funding is collateralized by the asset in the structured entities. The groups involvement involves predominantly both lending and loan commitments. The vehicles used in these transactions are controlled by the borrowers where the borrowers have the ability to decide whether to post additional margin or collateral in respect of the financing. In such cases where borrowers can decide to continue or terminate the financing the borrowers will consolidate the vehicle. Securitization Vehicles The Group establishes securitization vehicles which purchase diversified pools of assets including fixed income securities corporate loans and assetbacked securities predominantly commercial and residential mortgagebacked securities and credit card receivables. The vehicles fund these purchases by issuing multiple tranches of debt and equity securities the repayment of which is linked to the performance of the assets in the vehicles. The Group may transfer assets to these securitization vehicles and provides financial support to these entities in the form of liquidity facilities. The Group also invests and provides liquidity facilities to third party sponsored securitization vehicles. The securitization vehicles that are not consolidated into the Group are those where the Group does not hold the power or ability to unilaterally remove the servicer or special servicer who has been delegated power over the activities of the entity. Funds The Group establishes structured entities to accommodate client requirements to hold investments in specific assets. The Group also invests in funds that are sponsored by third parties or the bank may act as fund manager custodian or some other capacity and provide funding and liquidity facilities to both bank sponsored and third party funds. The funding provided is collateralized by the underlying assets held by the fund. The Group does not consolidate funds when Deutsche Bank is deemed agent or when another third party investor has the ability to direct the activities of the fund. Other These are Deutsche Bank sponsored or third party structured entities that do not fall into any criteria above. These entities are not consolidated by the Group when the bank does not hold power over the decision making of these entities. Income derived from involvement with structured entities The Group earns management fees and occasionally performancebased fees for its investment management service in relation to funds. Interest income is recognized on the funding provided to structured entities. Any trading revenue as a result of derivatives with structured entities and from the movements in the value of notes held in these entities is recognized in Net gainslosses on financial assetsliabilities held at fair value through profit and loss. Interests in unconsolidated structured entities The Groups interests in unconsolidated structured entities refer to contractual and noncontractual involvement that exposes the bank to variability of returns from the performance of the structured entities. Examples of interests in unconsolidated structured entities include debt or equity investments liquidity facilities guarantees and certain derivative instruments in which the Group is absorbing variability of returns from the structured entities. Interests in unconsolidated structured entities exclude instruments which introduce variability of returns into the structured entities. For example when the bank purchases credit protection from an unconsolidated structured entity whose purpose and design is to pass through credit risk to investors the bank is providing the variability of returns to the entity rather than absorbing variability. The purchased credit protection is therefore not considered as an interest for the purpose of the table below. Maximum exposure to unconsolidated structured entities The maximum exposure to loss is determined by considering the nature of the interest in the unconsolidated structured entity. The maximum exposure for loans and trading instruments is reflected by their carrying amounts in the consolidated balance sheet. The maximum exposure for derivatives and offbalance sheet commitments such as guarantees liquidity facilities and loan commitments under IFRS as interpreted by Deutsche Bank is reflected by the notional amounts. Such amounts or its development do not reflect the economic risks faced by the Group because it does not take into account the effects of collateral or hedges nor the probability of such losses being incurred. At December the notional related to the positive and negative replacement values of derivatives and off balance sheet commitments were billion billion and billion respectively. At December the notional related to the positive and negative replacement values of derivatives and off balance sheet commitments were billion billion and billion respectively. 

Score 0.545
For purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows the Groups cash and cash equivalents include highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of change in value. Such investments include cash and balances at central banks and demand deposits with banks. There are various circumstances in which cash and cash equivalent balances held by an entity are not available for use by the Group. Examples include cash and cash equivalent balances held by a subsidiary that operates in a country where exchange controls or other legal restrictions apply such that the balances are not available for general use by the Group or its subsidiaries. The Groups assignment of cash flows to the operating investing or financing category depends on the business model management approach. For the Group the primary operating activity is to manage financial assets and financial liabilities. Therefore the issuance and management of longterm borrowings is a core operating activity which is different than for a nonfinancial company where borrowing is not a principal revenue producing activity and thus is part of the financing category. The Group views the issuance of senior longterm debt as an operating activity. Senior longterm debt comprises structured notes and assetbacked securities which are designed and executed by the Corporate Bank and Investment Bank business line segments and which are revenue generating activities. The other component is debt issued by Treasury which is considered interchangeable with other funding sources. All funding costs are allocated to business activities to establish their profitability. Cash flows related to subordinated longterm debt and trust preferred securities are viewed differently than those related to seniorlong term debt because they are managed as an integral part of the Groups capital primarily to meet regulatory capital requirements. As a result they are not interchangeable with other operating liabilities but can only be interchanged with equity and thus are considered part of the financing category. The amounts shown in the consolidated statement of cash flows do not precisely match the movements in the consolidated balance sheet from one period to the next as they exclude noncash items such as movements due to foreign exchange translation and movements due to changes in the group of consolidated companies. Movements in balances carried at fair value through profit or loss represent all changes affecting the carrying value. This includes the effects of market movements and cash inflows and outflows. The movements in balances carried at fair value are usually presented in operating cash flows. 

Score 0.539
Cash and cash equivalents Equity instruments Government bonds investmentgrade and above Government bonds noninvestmentgrade Nongovernment bonds investmentgrade and above Nongovernment bonds noninvestmentgrade Securitized and other Debt Investments Subtotal Share in Other asset categories Fair value of plan assets 

Score 0.538
Financial assets Cash and central bank balances Interbank balances wo central banks Central bank funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements Securities borrowed Loans Other financial assets Financial liabilities Deposits Central bank funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements Securities loaned Other shortterm borrowings Other financial liabilities Longterm debt Trust preferred securities 

Score 0.538
 Other Assets and Other Liabilities 

Score 0.538
Assets Cash and central bank balances Interbank balances wo central banks Central bank funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements Securities borrowed Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss Trading assets Positive market values from derivative financial instruments Nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit and loss Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income Equity method investments Loans at amortized cost Property and equipment Goodwill and other intangible assets Other assets 

Score 0.538
 AsiaPacific thereof residential thereof hospitality thereof retail Weighted average LTV in Investment Bank Corporate Bank Other Business Provision for Credit Losses

Score 0.537
Real Estate Activities thereof nonrecourse thereof stresstested portfolio Other industry sectors nonrecourse thereof stresstested portfolio Total nonrecourse CRE portfolio thereof stresstested portfolio 

Score 0.536
Within the balance sheet noncurrent assets and disposal groups held for sale are included in other assets and other liabilities. 

Score 0.532
 Total financial assets at amortized cost Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss Trading assets Positive market values from derivative financial instruments Nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss Of which Securities purchased under resale agreement Securities borrowed Loans Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets at fair value through OCI Of which Securities purchased under resale agreement Securities borrowed Loans Total financial assets at fair value through OCI Financial guarantees and other credit related contingent liabilities Revocable and irrevocable lending commitments and other credit related commitments Total offbalance sheet Maximum exposure to credit risk 

Score 0.532
Net Income loss Cash flows from operating activities Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by used in operating activities Provision for credit losses Restructuring activities Gain on sale of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income equity method investments and other Deferred income taxes net Impairment depreciation and other amortization and accretion Share of net income from equity method investments Income loss adjusted for noncash charges credits and other items Adjustments for net change in operating assets and liabilities Interestearning time deposits with central banks and banks Central bank funds sold securities purchased under resale agreements securities borrowed NonTrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit and loss Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss Loans at amortized cost Other assets Deposits Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss and investment contract liabilities

Score 0.531
In the third quarter of approximately FTEs moved from Corporate Other to the operating business segments driven by the banks decision that the Chief Operating Office will no longer be a separate Management Board function. Accordingly businessrelated parts of Chief Operating Office that support the Investment Bank and the Corporate Bank which were previously run in Infrastructure moved to those divisions. Comparative segmental financial information is presented accordingly. This change did not result in a material financial impact at a segment level as costs are allocated from Corporate Other to the operating business segments that are using the service of the respective infrastructure functions and with this move the costs are directly incurred by the divisions rather than being charged to Corporate Other. 

Score 0.53
Corporate Bank Investment Bank Private Bank Asset Management NM Corporate Other NM Total net interest income and net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss 

Score 0.53
Includes noncurrent assets and disposal groups held for sale The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Score 0.529
Financial assets held at fair value Trading securities Positive market values from derivative financial instruments Other trading assets Nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income Other financial assets at fair value Total financial assets held at fair value Financial liabilities held at fair value Trading securities Negative market values from derivative financial instruments Other trading liabilities Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss Other financial liabilities at fair value Total financial liabilities held at fair value Total 

Score 0.529
Interest and similar income Interest income on cash and central bank balances Interest income on interbank balances wo central banks Central bank funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements Loans Other Total Interest and similar income from assets measured at amortized cost Interest income on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income Total interest and similar income calculated using the effective interest method Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss Total interest and similar income Thereof negative interest expense on financial liabilities Interest expense Interestbearing deposits Central bank funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements Other shortterm borrowings Longterm debt Trust preferred securities Other Total interest expense measured at amortized cost Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss Total interest expense Thereof negative interest income on financial assets Net interest income 

Score 0.527
 The Product Governance Committee has the mandate to ensure that there is appropriate oversight governance and coordination of product governance in the Group by establishing a crossrisk and holistic perspective of key financial and nonfinancial risks associated with products and transactions throughout the lifecycle The Financial Resource Management Council is an adhoc governance body chaired by the Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Risk Officer with delegated authority from the Management Board to oversee financial crisis management at the bank the Financial Resource Management Council provides a single forum to oversee execution of both the contingency funding plan and the Group recovery plan the council recommends upon mitigating actions to be taken in a time of anticipated or actual capital or liquidity stress specifically the Financial Resource Management Council is tasked with analyzing the banks capital and liquidity position in anticipation of a stress scenario recommending proposals for capital and liquidity related matters and overseeing the execution of decisions The Group Asset Liability Committee has been established by the Management Board with the mandate to optimize the sourcing and deployment of the banks balance sheet and financial resources within the overarching risk appetite set by the Management Board Deutsche Banks Chief Risk Officer who is a member of the Management Board has Groupwide supradivisional responsibility for establishing a risk management framework with appropriate identification measurement monitoring mitigation and reporting of liquidity credit market enterprise model and nonfinancial risks including operational and reputational however frameworks for certain risks are established by other functions as per the business allocation plan. The Chief Risk Officer has direct management responsibility for the Chief Risk Office function. Risk management and control duties in the Chief Risk Office function are generally assigned to specialized risk management units focusing on the management of Specific risk types Risks within a specific business Risks in a specific region. These specialized risk management units generally handle the following core tasks Foster consistency with the risk appetite set by the Management Board and applied to business divisions and their business units Determine and implement risk and capital management policies procedures and methodologies that are appropriate to the businesses within each division Establish and approve risk limits Conduct periodic portfolio reviews to keep the portfolio of risks within acceptable parameters Develop and implement risk and capital management infrastructures and systems that are appropriate for each division Chief Risk Officers for each business division as well as each region having a holistic view of the respective business challenge and influence the divisional and regional strategies risk awareness and ownership as well as their adherence to risk appetite. While operating independently from each other and the business divisions the Finance and Risk functions have the joint responsibility to quantify and verify the risk that the bank assumes. 

Score 0.526
Debt securities Equity instruments Other assets Cash and due from banks Interest earning deposits with Banks Securities borrowed or purchased under resale agreements Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss Trading assets Positive market value from derivative financial instruments Securities borrowed or purchased under resale agreements Other financial assets at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income Loans Other assets Total 

Score 0.526
Loans at amortized cost Securitization notes Other Total loans at amortized cost Financial assets held at fair value through profit or loss Securitization notes Nonstandard Interest Rate crosscurrency or inflationlinked swap Total financial assets held at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income Securitization notes Other Total financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income Total financial assets representing ongoing involvement Financial liabilities held at fair value through profit or loss Nonstandard Interest Rate crosscurrency or inflationlinked swap Total financial liabilities representing ongoing involvement 

Score 0.526
 Business segments and related information in m. unless stated otherwise Corporate Bank Investment Bank Private Bank Asset Manage ment Corporate Other Total Consolidated 

Score 0.525
Assets Cash and central bank balances Interbank balances wo central banks Central bank funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements Securities Borrowed Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss Trading assets Positive market values derivative financial instruments Nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income Loans at amortized cost Other assets Total assets Liabilities Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss Negative market values derivative financial instruments Other shortterm borrowings Other liabilities Total liabilities Offbalance sheet exposure Total 

Score 0.524
Deposits Central bank funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements Securities loaned Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss Other shortterm borrowings Other liabilities

Score 0.523
 Financial assets that have been derecognized during the period Recovery of written off amounts Foreign exchange and other changes Balance end of reporting period Provision for Credit Losses excluding country risk 

Score 0.523
 Total interest income Interest expenses NM Net interest income Commission income Commission expenses Net commission income Net trading result thereof release of tradingrelated special reserve according to Section e HGB NM Total revenues Wages and salaries Compulsory social security contributions

Score 0.522
Other financial liabilities include million of securities sold under repurchase agreements designated at fair value and million other financial liabilities designated at fair value 

Score 0.522
Brokerage and securities related receivables Cashmargin receivables Receivables from prime brokerage Pending securities transactions past settlement date Receivables from unsettled regular way trades Total brokerage and securities related receivables Debt Securities held to collect Accrued interest receivable Assets held for sale Assets related to insurance business Other Total other assets 

Score 0.522
The banks trading and risk management activities include interest rate instruments and related derivatives. Under IFRS interest and similar income earned from trading instruments and financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss i.e. coupon and dividend income and the costs of funding net trading positions are part of net interest income. The banks trading activities can periodically shift income between net interest income and net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss depending on a variety of factors including risk management strategies. In order to provide a more business focused discussion the following table presents net interest income and net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss by corporate division. 

Score 0.522
 Total trading assets Positive market values from derivative financial instruments Total financial assets classified as held for trading Nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss Securities purchased under resale agreements Securities borrowed Loans Other financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss Total Nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss Loans Other financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss Total financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 

Score 0.521
Purchase obligations for goods and services include future payments for among other things information technology services and facility management. Some figures above for purchase obligations represent minimum contractual payments and actual future payments may be higher. Longterm deposits exclude contracts with a remaining maturity of less than one year. Under certain conditions future payments for some longterm financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss may occur earlier. See the following notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information Note Net Interest Income and Net Gains Losses on Financial AssetsLiabilities at Fair Value through Profit or Loss Note Leases Note Deposits and Note LongTerm Debt and Trust Preferred Securities. 

Score 0.521
Financial assets at amortized cost Cash and central bank balances Interbank balances wo central banks Central bank funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements Securities borrowed Loans Other assets subject to credit risk

Score 0.52
Investment contracts All of the Groups investment contracts are unitlinked contracts that match specific assets held by the Group. The contracts oblige the Group to use these assets to settle investment contract liabilities. They do not contain significant insurance risk or discretionary participation features. The contract liabilities are determined using current unit prices multiplied by the number of units attributed to the contract holders as of the balance sheet date. As this amount represents fair value the liabilities have been classified as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss. Deposits collected under investment contracts are accounted for as an adjustment to the investment contract liabilities. Investment income attributable to investment contracts is included in the consolidated statement of Income. Investment contract claims reflect the excess of amounts paid over the account balance released. Investment contract policyholders are charged fees for policy administration investment management surrenders or other contract services. 

Score 0.519
 Assets for current tax Deferred tax assets Total assets Liabilities and equity Deposits Central bank funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements Securities loaned Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss Trading liabilities Negative market values from derivative financial instruments Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss Investment contract liabilities Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss Other shortterm borrowings Other liabilities 

Score 0.519
For further details on the assets and liabilities held for sale please refer to Note NonCurrent Assets and Disposal Groups Held for Sale. 

Score 0.519
The Group defines assets under management as a assets held on behalf of customers for investment purposes andor b client assets that are managed by the bank assets under management are managed on a discretionary or advisory basis or these assets are deposited with the bank deposits are considered assets under management if they serve investment purposes in the Private Bank Germany and Premium Banking this includes term deposits and savings deposits in Wealth Management Bank for Entrepreneurs it is assumed that all customer deposits are held with the bank primarily for investment purposes in instances in which Private Bank distributes investment products qualifying as assets under management which are managed by DWS these are reported as assets under management for Private Bank and for Asset Management DWS because they are two distinct independent qualifying services 

Score 0.518
From equity shares and other variableyield securities participating interests and investments in affiliated companies including profit transfer agreements 

Score 0.517
Current assets NonCurrent assets Total assets Current liabilities NonCurrent liabilities Total liabilities Noncontrolling Interest Net assets of the equity method investee 

Score 0.517
Securities Debt securities Commercial mortgagebacked securities Mortgage and other assetbacked securities Corporate sovereign and other debt securities Equity securities Derivatives Credit Equity Interest related Foreign Exchange Other Loans Loans Other Total 

Score 0.516
Results of operations in m. unless stated otherwise Corporate Bank Investment Bank Private Bank Asset Manage ment Corporate Other Total Consolidated 

Score 0.515
Should economic conditions such as GDP growth levels of unemployment the interest rate environment and competitive conditions in the financial services industry improve beyond currently forecasted levels this could result in higher revenues. These impacts may only be partially offset by additional costs therefore improving the Groups ability to meet its financial targets. At the same time potentially higher inflation interest rates and market volatility could present a number of opportunities such as increased revenues from higher trading flows amid private corporate and institutional customers repositioning their portfolios higher net interest income as well as higher margins on lending across the Groups balance sheet. A substantial proportion of the assets and liabilities on the Groups balance sheet are of financial instruments carried at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in the income statement. If market conditions improve or interest rates decline this could result in an increase in the fair value of certain financial instruments. As a result of such changes the Group may realize gains in the future. 

Score 0.514
Financial liabilities classified as held for trading Trading liabilities Trading securities Other trading liabilities Total trading liabilities Negative market values from derivative financial instruments Total financial liabilities classified as held for trading Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss Securities sold under repurchase agreements Loan commitments Longterm debt Other financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss Total financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss Investment contract liabilities Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 

Score 0.513
 includes Commissions and fees from fiduciary activities Commissions for administration Commissions for assets under management Commissions for other securities business Total Commissions brokers fees markups on securities underwriting and other securities activities Underwriting and advisory fees Brokerage fees Total Fees for other customer services Total commissions and fee income 

Score 0.512
Trading Income FIC Sales and Trading Other trading income loss Total trading income loss Net gains losses on nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss Breakdown by financial assets category Debt Securities Equity Securities Loans and loan commitments Deposits Others nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit and loss Total net gains losses on nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss Net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss Breakdown by financial assetliability category Loans and loan commitments Deposits Longterm debt Other financial assetsliabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss Total net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss Total net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss 

Score 0.512
Market risks in the Asset Management business primarily result from principal guaranteed funds or accounts but also from coinvestments in the banks funds. 

Score 0.512
Trading assets and positive market values from derivative financial transactions with associated companies amounted to million as of December and million as of December . Trading liabilities and negative market values from derivative financial transactions with associated companies amounted to million as of December and million as of December . Other assets related to transactions with associated companies amounted to million as of December and million as of December . Other liabilities related to transactions with associated companies were million as of December and million as of December . 

Score 0.512
The Group enters into transactions in which it transfers financial assets held on the balance sheet and as a result may either be eligible to derecognize the transferred asset in its entirety or must continue to recognize the transferred asset to the extent of any continuing involvement depending on certain criteria. These criteria are discussed in Note Material Accounting Policies and Critical Accounting Estimates. Where financial assets are not eligible to be derecognized the transfers are viewed as secured financing transactions with any consideration received resulting in a corresponding liability. The Group is not entitled to use these financial assets for any other purposes. The most common transactions of this nature entered into by the Group are repurchase agreements securities lending agreements and total return swaps in which the Group retains substantially all of the associated credit equity price interest rate and foreign exchange risks and rewards associated with the assets as well as the associated income streams. 

Score 0.511
Individual noncurrent assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale if they are available for immediate sale in their present condition subject only to the customary sales terms of such assets and disposal groups and their sale is considered highly probable. For a sale to be highly probable management must be committed to a sales plan and be actively looking for a buyer and has no substantive regulatory approvals outstanding. Furthermore the assets and disposal groups must be actively marketed at a reasonable sales price in relation to their current fair value and the sale should be expected to be completed within one year. Noncurrent nonfinancial assets and disposal groups which meet the criteria for held for sale classification are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs of disposal and are presented within Other assets and Other liabilities in the balance sheet. Financial assets and liabilities meeting the criteria continue to be measured in accordance with IFRS . The comparatives are not represented when noncurrent assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale. 

Score 0.511
 Financial assets at amortized cost consist of loans at amortized cost cash and central bank balances interbank balances wo central banks central bank funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements securities borrowed and certain subcategories of other assets 

Score 0.51
The Group provides a different measure for size of structured entities depending on their type. The following measures have been considered as appropriate indicators for evaluating the size of structured entities Funds Net asset value or assets under management where the bank holds fund units and notional of derivatives when the banks interest comprises of derivatives Securitizations notional of notes in issue excluding interest only and excess notes where applicable when the Group derives its interests through notes its holds and notional of derivatives when the banks interests is in the form of derivatives Third party funding entities Total assets in entities Repackaging and investment entities Fair value of notes in issue For third party funding entities size information is not publicly available therefore the Group has disclosed the greater of the collateral receivedpledged or the notional of the exposure the bank has to the entity. Based on the above definitions the total size of structured entities is billion of which the majority of billion is from Funds. In it was billion and billion respectively. The following table shows by type of structured entity the carrying amounts of the Groups interests recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position as well as the maximum exposure to loss resulting from these interests. The carrying amounts presented below do not reflect the true variability of returns faced by the Group because they do not take into account the effects of collateral or hedges. 

Score 0.51
Derivative financial instruments and hedging activities 

Score 0.508
Total assets Deduct Derivatives incl. hedging derivatives credit line netting Deduct Derivatives cash collateral received paid Deduct Securities Financing Transactions credit line netting Deduct Pending settlements netting Net assets adjusted 

Score 0.508
The Management Board defines the liquidity and funding risk strategy for the Group and sets the risk appetite based on recommendations made by the Group Asset and Liability Committee and Group Risk Committee. The Management Board reviews and approves the risk appetite at least annually. The risk appetite is applied to the Group and to bespoke Key Liquidity Entities e.g. Deutsche Bank AG to monitor and control liquidity risk as well as the Groups longterm funding and issuance plan. The Liquidity Risk Management Framework defines the organization of the liquidity managing functions in alignment with the three lines of defense structure which is described in the Risk Management Policy. The Corporate Divisions and Treasury comprise the first line of defense responsible for executing the steps needed to most effectively manage the liquidity of the Group and steer business activities. Risk comprises the second line of defense responsible for defining the liquidity risk management framework providing independent risk oversight challenge and validation of activities conducted by the first line of defense including establishing the risk appetite. Group Audit comprises the third line of defense responsible for overseeing the activities of both the first line of defense and second line of defense. The Group Asset and Liability Committee is the Groups decisive governing body mandated by the Management Board to optimize the sourcing and deployment of the Groups balance sheet and financial resources in line with the Management Boards risk appetite and strategy. The Group Asset and Liability Committee has the overarching responsibility to define approve and optimize the Groups funding strategy. Regarding the second line of defense the Group Risk Committee is mandated by the Management Board with decisionmaking authority regarding material riskrelated topics. In addition it reviews and recommends items for Management Board approval including key risk management principles the Groups risk appetite statement recovery plan the contingency funding plan overarching risk appetite parameters and recovery and escalation indicators. The Groups liquidity risk management principles are documented in the Liquidity Risk Management Policy and the framework is described in the Global Liquidity Risk Framework and Global Funding Risk Framework documents. Both the policy and framework documents adhere to and articulate how the eight key risk management practices are applied to liquidity risk namely risk governance risk organization lines of defense risk culture risk appetite andstrategy risk identification andassessment risk mitigation and controls risk measurement and reporting stress planning andexecution. The individual roles and responsibilities are laid out and documented in the Global Responsibility Matrix which provides further clarity and transparency on the roles and responsibilities across all involved stakeholders. All additional policies and procedures both global and local issued by the liquidity risk management functions further define the requirements specific to liquidity risk practices. They are subordinate to the Liquidity Risk Management Policy and are subject to the standards it sets forth. In accordance with the European Central Banks Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process and revised Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process requirement issued in November the Group has implemented an Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process which is assessed documented and reviewed at least annually and approved by the Management Board. As part of an annual strategic planning process Treasury projects the development of the key liquidity and funding metrics including the U.S. Dollar currency exposure based on anticipated business activities to ensure that the strategic plan can be executed in accordance with the Groups risk appetite. 

Score 0.507
 Investing into feegenerating payment platforms and enhanced industry coverage teams Expansion of feebased institutional business and increasing intensity in crossdivisional solutions Accelerated development of new business with future revenue potential including Merchant Solutions and Digital Asset CustodyFY Investments and selective hiring in Origination Advisory to drive future revenue growth as industry recovers Completed the acquisition of Numis to create a leading corporate broker in the UK Consolidation of performance in FIC Sales Trading in with deeper client penetration and focused product diversification expected to drive revenue growth in and beyond Strong stepoff for future growth with year end assets under management of bn up year on year Growing Xtrackers through product innovation and regional expansion Focus on Alternatives Credit Europe and Real Estate Debt in the US Strengthening Fixed Income and Multi Asset capabilities to increase potential for scaling

Score 0.507
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include Trading Liabilities Financial Liabilities Designated at Fair Value through Profit or Loss and NonParticipating Investment Contracts Investment Contracts. Under IFRS they are carried at fair value with realized and unrealized gains and losses included in net gains losses on financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss. For financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit and loss the fair value movements attributable to the Groups own credit component for fair value movements is recognized in Other Comprehensive Income. The Group applies trade date accounting to financial liabilities classified at fair value through profit or loss. Interest on interest paying liabilities are presented in interest expense for financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss. Trading liabilities Financial liabilities that arise from debt issued are classified as held for trading if they have been originated or incurred principally for the purpose of repurchasing them in the near term. Trading liabilities consist primarily of derivative liabilities including certain loan commitments and short positions. This also includes loan commitments where the resulting loan upon funding is allocated to the other business model such that the undrawn loan commitment is classified as derivatives held for trading. Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss Certain financial liabilities that do not meet the definition of trading liabilities are designated at fair value through profit or loss using the fair value option. To be designated at fair value through profit or loss financial liabilities must meet one of the following criteria the designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency a group of financial liabilities is managed and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis in accordance with a documented risk management or investment strategy or the instrument contains one or more embedded derivatives unless a the embedded derivative does not significantly modify the cash flows that otherwise would be required by the contract or b it is clear with little or no analysis that separation is prohibited. In addition the Group allows the fair value option to be designated only for those financial instruments for which a reliable estimate of fair value can be obtained. Financial liabilities which are designated at fair value through profit or loss under the fair value option include repurchase agreements loan commitments and structured note liabilities. 

Score 0.507
Deposits Central bank funds purchased securities sold under repurchase agreements and securities loaned NM Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss Of which Trading liabilities Of which Negative market values from derivative financial instruments Of which Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss Other shortterm borrowings Longterm debt Remaining liabilities Of which Brokerage and securities related payables Total liabilities Total equity Total liabilities and equity 

Score 0.506
Securities and other financial assets accepted as collateral Of which Collateral sold or repledged 

Score 0.505
Noninterest bearing deposits Interest bearing deposits Trading liabilities

Score 0.505
The majority of the Groups derivatives transactions relate to sales and marketmaking activities. Sales activities include the structuring and marketing of derivative products to customers to enable them to take transfer modify or reduce current or expected risks. Marketmaking involves quoting bid and offer prices to other market participants enabling revenue to be generated based on spreads and volume. 

Score 0.505
Deposits and securitized liabilities 

Score 0.504
A financial asset shall be classified and measured at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income FVOCI if the financial asset is held in a Hold to Collect and Sell business model and the contractual cash flows are SPPI unless designated under the fair value option. The amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts are recorded in net interest income. Realized gains and losses are reported in net gains losses on financial assets at FVOCI. Generally the weightedaverage cost method is used to determine the cost of FVOCI financial assets. The Group applies trade date accounting to financial assets classified at FVOCI. It is possible to designate nontrading equity instruments as FVOCI. However this category is expected to have limited usage by the Group and has not been used to date. 

Score 0.504
Assets Liabilities Cash and central bank balances Deposits Interbank balances wo central banks Central bank funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements Central bank funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements Securities loaned Securities borrowed Other shortterm borrowings Other financial assets Other financial liabilities 

Score 0.504
 Payments in respect to settlements AcquisitionsDivestitures Exchange rate changes Other Plan administration costs Balance end of year Funded status end of year Change in irrecoverable surplus asset ceiling Balance beginning of year Interest cost Changes in irrecoverable surplus Exchange rate changes Balance end of year Net asset liability recognized 

Score 0.504
Investment Bank revenues are expected to be higher in compared to the prior year. In the division expects the targeted investments made in both FIC Sales Trading and Origination Advisory in the prior year combined with a broader recovery in Origination Advisory market to drive improved performance. FIC Sales Trading revenues are expected to be slightly higher compared to . Rates plans to consolidate its existing position while selectively growing via targeted investments in line with client demand and market opportunities. The Foreign Exchange business will look to further technology development in spot and expand its precious metals offering. The Global Emerging Markets business will continue to further develop its onshore capabilities for example building on the development of Latin America and client workflow solutions globally while selectively expanding its product offering. Credit Trading intends to build on the turnaround in performance seen in the flow business in . The Financing business will continue to optimize the effective deployment of resources and look to maintain our top ranking globally. Origination Advisory revenues are expected to be significantly higher in compared to driven by an expected industry recovery and the impact of investments made in the prior year with the acquisition of Numis bringing benefits across the business. Within Debt Origination the business expects Leveraged Debt Capital Markets to build on the partial recovery it witnessed in the prior year while Investment Grade Debt will look to maintain its robust performance in and benefit from an expected improvement in the industry fee pool in . Equity Origination will continue to provide a competitive offering across products with a specific focus on IPOs. Advisory plans to build on the momentum of targeted investment in including the Numis acquisition which will materially expand the businesses UK client base. Provision for credit losses in are expected to be in a range of to basis points of average loans. Overall provisioning levels are likely to remain elevated as macroeconomic factors that have caused these levels are expected to continue this year. 

Score 0.504
Balance beginning of year Movements including new business Transfers due to changes in creditworthiness Changes in models Foreign exchange and other changes Balance end of reporting period of which Financial guarantees Provision for Credit Losses excluding country risk

Score 0.503
Equity shares issued by the Group held in plan assets Other assets Fees paid from plan assets to asset managers of the Group Market value of derivatives with a counterparty of the Group Notional amount of derivatives with a counterparty of the Group 

Score 0.502
The Infrastructure functions perform control and service activities for the businesses including tasks relating to Groupwide crossdivisional resourceplanning steering and control as well as tasks relating to risk liquidity and capital management. The Infrastructure functions are organized into the following areas of responsibility linked to a dedicated member of the Management Board Chief Executive Office Chief Financial Office Chief Risk Office Chief Administration Office Technology Data and Innovation Chief Operating Office CB IB Operations and Controls Infrastructure also includes Communications Corporate Social Responsibility Chief Sustainability Office Regional Management Group Audit Legal Business Selection and Conflicts Office Compliance Anti Financial Crime Global Procurement Global Real Estate and Human Resources. For and costs relating to Infrastructure functions were allocated using an actual to plan approach. From the first quarter of the bank introduced a DriverBased Cost Management methodology for the allocation of costs originated in applicable Infrastructure functions. The new approach aims to provide transparency over the drivers of Infrastructure costs and links costs closely to service consumption by segments. Whilst in the allocations to the corporate divisions continued to be based on planned allocations except for technology development costs which are charged to divisions based on actual expenditures from Infrastructure costs will all be charged to divisions based on actual costs and service consumption in support of the banks continued focus on cost discipline. 

Score 0.501
Cash and central bank balances Interbank balances wo central banks Central bank funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements Securities borrowed Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income Equity method investments Loans at amortized cost Property and equipment Goodwill and other intangible assets Other assets Assets for current tax Total assets before deferred tax assets Deferred tax assets Total assets 

Score 0.501
Modification of financial assets and financial liabilities 

Score 0.501
Strategic Corporate Lending SCL unit helps to mitigate the risk of the banks corporate credit exposures. The notional amount of SCLs risk reduction activities increased from . billion as of December to . billion as of December . As of yearend SCL mitigated the credit risk of . billion of loans and lendingrelated commitments through synthetic collateralized loan obligations supported predominantly by financial guarantees. This position totaled . billion as of December . SCL also held credit derivatives with an underlying notional amount of . billion as of December . The position totaled . billion as of December . The credit derivatives used for the banks portfolio management activities are accounted for at fair value. The bank makes use of hedging also in other businesses to reduce single name concentration risks and utilizes private risk insurance and export credit agency cover to manage noncollateralized exposures. 

Score 0.5
A financial asset is classified and subsequently measured at amortized cost if the financial asset is held in a Hold to Collect business model and the contractual cash flows are SPPI. Under this measurement category the financial asset is measured at fair value at initial recognition. Subsequently the carrying amount is reduced for principal payments plus or minus the cumulative amortization using the effective interest method. The financial asset is assessed for impairment under the IFRS expected credit loss model where provisions are recognized based on expectations of potential credit losses. The Groups impairment of financial instruments policy is described further in the section Impairment of Loans and Provision for OffBalance Sheet Positions IFRS . The Group applies settlement date accounting to financial assets measured at amortized cost. Financial Assets at amortized cost include predominately Loans at amortized cost Central bank funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements Securities borrowed and certain receivables presented in Other Assets. 

Score 0.5
Securities borrowed transactions generally require the Group to deposit cash with the securities lender. In a securities loaned transaction the Group generally receives either cash collateral in an amount equal to or in excess of the market value of securities loaned or securities. The securities borrowed are not themselves recognized in the financial statements. If they are sold to third parties the obligation to return the securities is recorded as a financial liability at fair value through profit or loss and any subsequent gain or loss is included in the Consolidated Statement of Income in net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss. Securities lent to counterparties are also retained on the Consolidated balance sheet. The Group records the amount of cash advanced or received as securities borrowed and securities loaned respectively in the Consolidated balance sheet. Fees received or paid are reported in interest income and interest expense respectively. Securities lent to counterparties which are not derecognized from the Consolidated balance sheet and where the counterparty has the right by contract or custom to sell or repledge the collateral are disclosed in Note Transfer of Financial Assets Assets Pledged and Received as Collateral. 

Score 0.5
Agriculture forestry and fishing Mining and quarrying Manufacturing Electricity gas steam and air conditioning supply Water supply sewerage waste management and remediation activities Construction Wholesale and retail trade repair of motor vehicles and motorcycles Transport and storage Accommodation and food service activities Information and communication Financial and insurance activities Real estate activities Professional scientific and technical activities Administrative and support service activities Public administration and defense compulsory social security Education Human health services and social work activities Arts entertainment and recreation Other service activities Activities of households as employers undifferentiated goods and servicesproducing activities of households for own use Activities of extraterritorial organizations and bodies Gross loans Deferred expenseunearned income Loans less deferred expenseunearned income Less Allowance for loan losses Total loans 

Score 0.499
Liabilities to banks repayable on demand with agreed period or notice period Liabilities to customers savings deposits other liabilities repayable on demand with agreed period or notice period Liabilities in certificate form bonds and notes issued other liabilities in certificate form thereof money market instruments 

Score 0.499
 in m. unless stated otherwise Corporate Bank Investment Bank Private Bank Asset Manage ment Corporate Other Total Consolidated 

Score 0.499
Includes exposure to Corporates including Holding Companies of billion AssetBacked Securities of billion Banks of billion Insurance of billion Financial Intermediaries of billion and Public Sector of billion all based on internal client classification 

Score 0.498
Corporate BankInvestment BankPrivate BankAsset Management

Score 0.498
As a result we have established a strong market position in all four business divisions. And we see potential to expand it further. That is why we made more investments in to accelerate our growth trajectory and take advantage of market opportunities. To this end we have driven product innovations and hired personnel in some key areas to improve our market coverage especially in areas where we can score points with clients with our highquality expertise and advice. This includes our Wealth Management business Client Coverage in the Corporate Bank and Origination Advisory in the Investment Bank. We have decisively strengthened the latter with the acquisition of the leading British corporate broker Numis. At the same time we have continued to invest in technology stringent processes and platforms and our controls. In recent years we have focused our investments here in order to meet the regulatory requirements and to effectively protect the bank. After investing more than billion again in improvements to our controls in we now assume that the remediation work on our most important regulatory programmes is now nearing completion. In terms of costs we are also at a turning point. In we deliberately put some major cost items behind us. In addition to investments in business technology and controls this included restructuring and severance costs related to the transformation strategy and extraordinary items such as amortization of goodwill at Numis. A large part of these costs will not repeat from which is why noninterest expenses should have reached their peak last year at . billion. 

Score 0.498
 Other credit risk related transactions Allowance for loan losses Provision for loan losses Guarantees and commitments 

Score 0.498
A financial asset is considered for derecognition when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire or the Group has either transferred the contractual right to receive the cash flows from that asset or has assumed an obligation to pay those cash flows to one or more recipients subject to certain criteria. The Group derecognizes a transferred financial asset if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership. The Group enters into transactions in which it transfers previously recognized financial assets but retains substantially all the associated risks and rewards of those assets for example a sale to a third party in which the Group enters into a concurrent total return swap with the same counterparty. These types of transactions are accounted for as secured financing transactions. 

Score 0.496
Corporate Functions

Score 0.495
substantial portion of its assets the development of asset prices and market volatility potential defaults of borrowers or trading counterparties the implementation of the Groups strategic initiatives the reliability of its risk management policies procedures and methods and other risks referenced in its filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Such factors are described in detail in the banks SEC Form F of March under the heading Risk Factors. Copies of this document are readily available upon request or can be downloaded from www.db.comir. 