Scores_g_WHOLESALE AND RETAIL TRADE; REPAIR OF MOTOR VEHICLES AND MOTORCYCLESScore 0.532
Information pursuant to Section a of the German Commercial Code and Explanatory Report 

Score 0.522
Agriculture forestry and fishing Mining and quarrying Manufacturing Electricity gas steam and air conditioning supply Water supply sewerage waste management and remediation activities Construction Wholesale and retail trade repair of motor vehicles and motorcycles Transport and storage Accommodation and food service activities Information and communication Financial and insurance activities Real estate activities Professional scientific and technical activities Administrative and support service activities Public administration and defense compulsory social security Education Human health services and social work activities Arts entertainment and recreation Other service activities Activities of households as employers undifferentiated goods and services producing activities of households for own use Activities of extraterritorial organizations and bodies Total 

Score 0.522
Trading Income FIC Sales and Trading Other trading income loss Total trading income loss Net gains losses on nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss Breakdown by financial assets category Debt Securities Equity Securities Loans and loan commitments Deposits Others nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit and loss Total net gains losses on nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss Net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss Breakdown by financial assetliability category Loans and loan commitments Deposits Longterm debt Other financial assetsliabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss Total net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss Total net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss 

Score 0.519
Agriculture forestry and fishing Mining and quarrying Manufacturing Electricity gas steam and air conditioning supply Water supply sewerage waste management and remediation activities Construction Wholesale and retail trade repair of motor vehicles and motorcycles Transport and storage Accommodation and food service activities Information and communication Financial and insurance activities Real estate activities Professional scientific and technical activities Administrative and support service activities Public administration and defense compulsory social security Education Human health services and social work activities Arts entertainment and recreation Other service activities Activities of households as employers undifferentiated goods and servicesproducing activities of households for own use Activities of extraterritorial organizations and bodies Total 

Score 0.498
The majority of the Groups derivatives transactions relate to sales and marketmaking activities. Sales activities include the structuring and marketing of derivative products to customers to enable them to take transfer modify or reduce current or expected risks. Marketmaking involves quoting bid and offer prices to other market participants enabling revenue to be generated based on spreads and volume. 

Score 0.497
 Total interest income Interest expenses NM Net interest income Commission income Commission expenses Net commission income Net trading result thereof release of tradingrelated special reserve according to Section e HGB NM Total revenues Wages and salaries Compulsory social security contributions

Score 0.491
 Business segments and related information 

Score 0.487
Agriculture forestry and fishing Mining and quarrying Manufacturing Electricity gas steam and air conditioning supply Water supply sewerage waste management and remediation activities Construction Wholesale and retail trade repair of motor vehicles and motorcycles Transport and storage Accommodation and food service activities Information and communication Financial and insurance activities Real estate activities Professional scientific and technical activities Administrative and support service activities Public administration and defense compulsory social security Education Human health services and social work activities Arts entertainment and recreation Other service activities Activities of households as employers undifferentiated goods and servicesproducing activities of households for own use Activities of extraterritorial organizations and bodies Gross loans Deferred expenseunearned income Loans less deferred expenseunearned income Less Allowance for loan losses Total loans 

Score 0.483
Individual noncurrent assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale if they are available for immediate sale in their present condition subject only to the customary sales terms of such assets and disposal groups and their sale is considered highly probable. For a sale to be highly probable management must be committed to a sales plan and be actively looking for a buyer and has no substantive regulatory approvals outstanding. Furthermore the assets and disposal groups must be actively marketed at a reasonable sales price in relation to their current fair value and the sale should be expected to be completed within one year. Noncurrent nonfinancial assets and disposal groups which meet the criteria for held for sale classification are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs of disposal and are presented within Other assets and Other liabilities in the balance sheet. Financial assets and liabilities meeting the criteria continue to be measured in accordance with IFRS . The comparatives are not represented when noncurrent assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale. 

Score 0.48
This breakdown reflects net interest income and net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss for a discussion of the corporate divisions total revenues by product please refer to Note Business Segments and related information of this report 

Score 0.474
Purchases Sales Issu ances

Score 0.471
The Group presents interest income and expense calculated using the EIR method separately in the Groups consolidated statement of income. Commissions and fee income The Group applies the IFRS Revenue from Contracts with Customers fivestep revenue recognition model to the recognition of Commissions and Fee Income under which income must be recognized when control of goods and services is transferred hence the contractual performance obligations to the customer has been satisfied. Accordingly after a contract with a customer has been identified in the first step the second step is to identify the performance obligation or a series of distinct performance obligations provided to the customer. The Group must examine whether the service is capable of being distinct and is actually distinct within the context of the contract. A promised service is distinct if the customer can benefit from the service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available to the customer and the promise to transfer the service to the customer is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract. The amount of income is measured on the basis of the contractually agreed transaction price for the performance obligation defined in the contract. If a contract includes a variable consideration the Group estimates the amount of consideration to which it will be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to a customer. Income is recognized in profit and loss when the identified performance obligation has been satisfied. The Group does not present information about its remaining performance obligations if it is part of a contract that has an original expected duration of one year or less. The Group determines the standalone selling price at contract inception of a distinct service underlying each performance obligation in the contract and allocates the transaction price in proportion to those standalone selling prices. The standalone selling price is the price at which DB would sell a promised service separately to a customer on an unbundled basis. The best evidence of a standalone selling price is the observable price of a service when the Group sells that service separately in similar circumstances and to similar customers. If the Group does not sell the service to a customer separately it estimates the standalone selling price at an amount using a suitable method for example in loan syndication transactions the Group applies the requirements for recognition of trade day profit and considers the price at which other market participants provide the same service on an unbundled basis. As such when estimating a standalone selling price the Group considers all information including market conditions that is reasonably available to it. In doing so the Group maximizes the use of observable inputs and applies estimation methods consistently in similar circumstances. The Group provides asset management services that give rise to asset management and performance fees and constitute a single performance obligation. The asset management and performance fee components are variable considerations such that at each reporting date the Group estimates the fee amount to which it will be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised services to the customer. The benefits arising from the asset management services are simultaneously received and consumed by the customer over time. The Group recognizes revenue over time by measuring the progress towards complete satisfaction of that performance obligation subject to the removal of any uncertainty as to whether it is highly probable that a significant reversal in the cumulative amount of revenue recognized would occur or not. For the management fee component this is the end of the monthly or quarterly service period. For performance fees this date is when any uncertainty related to the performance component has been fully removed. Loan commitment fees related to commitments that are accounted for off balance sheet are recognized in commissions and fee income over the life of the commitment if it is unlikely that the Group will enter into a specific lending arrangement. If it is probable that the Group will enter into a specific lending arrangement the loan commitment fee is deferred until the origination of a loan and recognized as an adjustment to the loans effective interest rate. Commissions and Fee Income predominantly earned from services that are received and consumed by the customer over time Administration assets under management foreign commercial business loan processing and guarantees sundry other customer services. The Group recognizes revenue from these services over time by measuring the progress towards complete satisfaction of that performance obligation subject to the removal of any uncertainty as to whether it is highly probable that a significant reversal in the cumulative amount of revenue recognized would occur or not. Commissions and Fee Income predominantly earned from providing services at a point in time or transactiontype services include other securities underwriting and advisory fees brokerage fees local payments foreign currency exchange business and intermediary fees. Expenses that are directly related and incremental to the generation of Commissions and Fee Income are presented net in Commissions and Fee Income in the Consolidated Statement of Income. This includes income and associated expense where the Group contractually owns the performance obligation i.e. as Principal in relation to the service that gives rise to the revenue and associated expense. In contrast it does not include situations where the Group does not contractually own the performance obligation and is acting as agent. The determination of whether the Group is acting as principal or agent is based on the contractual terms of the underlying service arrangement. The gross Commissions and Fee Income and Expense amounts are disclosed in Note Commissions and Fee Income. 

Score 0.47
Carrying amount of transferred assets Trading securities not derecognized due to the following transactions Repurchase agreements Securities lending agreements Total return swaps Other Total trading securities Other trading assets Nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income Loans at amortized cost

Score 0.465
Segment assets are presented in the Groups internal management reporting based on a consolidated view i.e. the amounts do not include intersegment balances. The Groups internal management reporting does not consider segment liabilities or interest expense separately. Similarly depreciation and amortization tax expenses and other comprehensive income are not presented separately internally and are therefore not disclosed here. NonIFRS compliant accounting methods used in the Groups management reporting represent either valuation or classification differences. The largest valuation differences relate to measurement at fair value in management reporting versus measurement at amortized cost under IFRS and to the recognition of trading results from own shares in revenues in management reporting in Investment Bank and in equity under IFRS. The major classification difference relates to noncontrolling interest which represents the net share of minority shareholders in revenues provision for credit losses noninterest expenses and income tax expenses. Noncontrolling interest is reported as a component of the profit before tax of the businesses in management reporting with a reversal in Corporate Other and a component of net income appropriation under IFRS. Since the Groups business activities are diverse in nature and its operations are integrated certain estimates and judgments have been made to apportion revenue and expense items among the business segments. The management reporting systems allocate the Groups external net interest income according to the value of funding consumed or provided by each business segments activities in accordance with the banks internal funds transfer pricing framework. Furthermore to retain comparability with those competitors that have legally independent units with their own equity funding the Group allocates a net notional interest benefit on its consolidated capital in line with each segments proportion of average shareholders equity. Management uses certain measures for equity and related ratios as part of its internal reporting system because it believes that these measures provide it with a useful indication of the financial performance of the business segments. The Group discloses such measures to provide investors and analysts with further insight into how management operates the Groups businesses and to enable them to better understand the Groups results. 

Score 0.464
 Gross Carrying Amount numbers per business division are reported after a reallocation of cash balances from business divisions to Corporate Other Dec Gross Carrying Amount Allowance for Credit Losses in m. Stage Stage Stage Stage POCI Total Stage Stage Stage Stage POCI Total 

Score 0.464
Buyandhold income of Trading UnitsActual income of Trading units

Score 0.461
Nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit and loss The Group assigns any nontrading financial asset that does not fall into the Hold to Collect nor Hold to Collect and Sell business models into the Other business model and classifies them as NonTrading Financial Assets mandatory at Fair Value through Profit and Loss. This includes predominately reverse repurchase agreements which are managed on a fair value basis. Additionally any financial asset that falls into the Hold to Collect or Hold to Collect and Sell business models for which the contractual cash flow characteristics are not SPPI is classified by the Group as NonTrading Financial Assets Mandatory at Fair Value through Profit and Loss. Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss Certain financial assets that would otherwise be measured subsequently at amortized cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income may be designated at Fair Value through Profit or Loss if the designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency. The Group allows the fair value option to be designated only for those financial instruments for which a reliable estimate of fair value can be obtained. 

Score 0.46
 Total trading assets Positive market values from derivative financial instruments Total financial assets classified as held for trading Nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss Securities purchased under resale agreements Securities borrowed Loans Other financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss Total Nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss Loans Other financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss Total financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 

Score 0.46
Trading assets Positive market values from derivative financial instruments Nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss Of which Securities purchased under resale agreement Securities borrowed Loans Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets at fair value through OCI Of which Securities purchased under resale agreement Securities borrowed Loans Total financial assets at fair value through OCI Financial guarantees and other credit related contingent liabilities Revocable and irrevocable lending commitments and other credit related commitments Total offbalance sheet Maximum exposure to credit risk 

Score 0.459
Carrying amount of the original assets transferred Trading securities Nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss Carrying amount of the assets continued to be recognized Trading securities Nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss Carrying amount of associated liabilities 

Score 0.459
Depreciation expenses impairment losses and reversal of impairment losses on property and equipment are recorded within general and administrative expenses for the income statement. The carrying value of items of property and equipment on which there is a restriction on sale was million and million as of December and December respectively. Commitments for the acquisition of property and equipment were million at yearend and million at yearend . The Group leases many assets including land and buildings vehicles and IT equipment for which it records rightofuse assets. During additions to rightofuse assets amounted to million and largely reflected new real estate leases. Depreciation charges of million recognized in mainly resulted from planned consumption of rightofuse assets for property leases over their contractual terms. The carrying amount of rightofuse assets of . billion included in Total Property and equipment as of December predominantly represented leased properties of . billion and vehicle leases of million. For more information on the Groups leased properties and related disclosures required under IFRS please refer to Note Leases. 

Score 0.459
 AsiaPacific thereof residential thereof hospitality thereof retail Weighted average LTV in Investment Bank Corporate Bank Other Business Provision for Credit Losses

Score 0.458
Central bank funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements enforceable Central bank funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements nonenforceable Securities borrowed enforceable Securities borrowed nonenforceable Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss enforceable Of which Positive market values from derivative financial instruments enforceable Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss nonenforceable Of which Positive market values from derivative financial instruments nonenforceable Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss Loans at amortized cost Other assets Of which Positive market values from derivatives qualifying for hedge accounting enforceable Remaining assets subject to netting Remaining assets not subject to netting Total assets 

Score 0.456
In the course of its business the Group regularly applies for and receives government support by means of Export Credit Agency ECA guarantees covering transfer and default risks for the financing of exports and investments into Emerging Markets and to a lesser extent developed markets for Structured Trade Export Finance and short and mediumterm Trade Finance business. Almost all exportoriented states have established such ECAs to support their domestic exporters. The ECAs act in the name and on behalf of the government of their respective country and are either constituted directly as governmental departments or organized as private companies vested with the official mandate of the government to act on its behalf. Terms and conditions of such ECA guarantees are broadly similar due to the fact that most of the ECAs act within the scope of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development OECD consensus rules. The OECD consensus rules an intergovernmental agreement of the OECD member states define benchmarks intended to ensure that a fair competition between different exporting nations will take place. In some countries dedicated funding programs with governmental support are offered for ECAcovered financings. The Group makes use of such programs to assist its clients in the financing of exported goods and services. In certain financings the Group also receives government guarantees from national and international governmental institutions as collateral to support financings in the interest of the respective governments. The majority of such ECA guarantees received by the Group were issued either by the EulerHermes S.A. acting on behalf of the Federal Republic of Germany by the Atradius Credito y Caucion S.A. de Seguros y Reaseguros acting on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or by the Korea Trade Insurance Corporation acting on behalf of the Republic of Korea. 

Score 0.454
Financial assets are classified at fair value through profit or loss if they are held in the Other business model because they are either held for trading or because they do not meet the criteria for Hold to Collect or Hold to Collect and Sell. In addition it includes financial assets that meet the criteria for Hold to Collect or Hold to Collect and Sell business model but the financial asset fails SPPI or where the Group designated the financial assets under the fair value option. Financial assets classified as Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are measured at fair value with realized and unrealized gains and losses included in Net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss. Interest on interest earning assets such as trading loans and debt securities and dividends on equity instruments are presented in Interest and Similar Income. The Group applies trade date accounting to financial assets classified at fair value through profit or loss.Trading assets Financial assets are classified as held for trading if they have been originated acquired or incurred principally for the purpose of selling or repurchasing them in the near term or they form part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that are managed together and for which there is evidence of a recent actual pattern of shortterm profittaking. Trading assets include debt and equity securities derivatives held for trading purposes and trading loans. This also includes loan commitments that are allocated to the Other business model and that are presented as derivatives held for trading. 

Score 0.451
Net Income loss Cash flows from operating activities Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by used in operating activities Provision for credit losses Restructuring activities Gain on sale of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income equity method investments and other Deferred income taxes net Impairment depreciation and other amortization and accretion Share of net income from equity method investments Income loss adjusted for noncash charges credits and other items Adjustments for net change in operating assets and liabilities Interestearning time deposits with central banks and banks Central bank funds sold securities purchased under resale agreements securities borrowed NonTrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit and loss Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss Loans at amortized cost Other assets Deposits Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss and investment contract liabilities

Score 0.45
in m. Commission and fee income and expense Commission and fee income Commission and fee expense Net commissions and fee income 

Score 0.449
 Net gains losses on nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss Net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss Total net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss Total net interest income and net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss

Score 0.449
Financial instruments held at fair value NonDerivative financial instruments held at fair value Mortgage and other asset backed securities held for trading Commercial mortgagebacked securities Price based Price Discounted cash flow Credit spread bps Mortgage and other assetbacked securities Price based Price Discounted cash flow Credit spread bps Recovery rate Constant default rate Constant prepayment rate Total mortgage and other assetbacked securities Debt securities and other debt obligations Price based Price Held for trading Discounted cash flow Credit spread bps Corporate sovereign and other debt securities Nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss Designated at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income Equity securities Market approach Price per net asset value Held for trading Enterprise valueEBITDA multiple Nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss Discounted cash flow Weighted average cost capital Designated at fair value through profit or loss Price based Price Loans Price based Price Held for trading Discounted cash flow Credit spread bps Nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss Designated at fair value through profit or loss Recovery rate Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income Loan commitments Discounted cash flow Credit spread bps Recovery rate Loan pricing model Utilization Other financial instruments 

Score 0.448
Trading income Net gains losses on nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss NM NM Net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss NM NM Total net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss 

Score 0.448
Assets Cash and central bank balances Interbank balances wo central banks Central bank funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements Securities borrowed Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss Trading assets Positive market values from derivative financial instruments Nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit and loss Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income Equity method investments Loans at amortized cost Property and equipment Goodwill and other intangible assets Other assets 

Score 0.447
Financial liabilities classified as held for trading Trading liabilities Trading securities Other trading liabilities Total trading liabilities Negative market values from derivative financial instruments Total financial liabilities classified as held for trading Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss Securities sold under repurchase agreements Loan commitments Longterm debt Other financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss Total financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss Investment contract liabilities Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 

Score 0.447
Business segments 

Score 0.445
The Group classifies financial assets in line with the classification and measurement requirements of IFRS where financial assets are classified based on both the business model used for managing the financial assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset known as Solely Payments of Principal and Interest or SPPI. There are three business models available Hold to Collect Financial assets held with the objective to collect contractual cash flows. They are subsequently measured at amortized cost and are recorded in multiple lines on the Groups consolidated balance sheet. Hold to Collect and Sell Financial assets held with the objective of both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets. They are recorded as Financial assets at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income on the Groups consolidated balance sheet. Other Financial assets that do not meet the criteria of either Hold to Collect or Hold to Collect and Sell. They are recorded as Financial Assets at Fair Value through Profit or Loss on the Groups consolidated balance sheet. The assessment of business model requires judgment based on facts and circumstances upon initial recognition. As part of this assessment the Group considers quantitative factors e.g. the expected frequency and volume of sales and qualitative factors such as how the performance of the business model and the financial assets held within that business model are evaluated and reported to the Groups key management personnel. In addition to taking into consideration the risks that affect the performance of the business model and the financial assets held within that business model in particular the way in which those market and credit risks are managed and how managers of the business are compensated e.g. whether the compensation is based on the fair value of the assets managed or on the contractual cash flows collected. This assessment results in an asset being classified in either a Hold to Collect Hold to Collect and Sell or Other business model. If the Group holds a financial asset either in a Hold to Collect or a Hold to Collect and Sell business model then an assessment at initial recognition to determine whether the contractual cash flows of the financial asset are Solely Payments of Principal and Interest on the principal amount outstanding is required to determine the financial asset classification. Contractual cash flows that are SPPI on the principal amount outstanding are consistent with a basic lending arrangement. Interest in a basic lending arrangement is consideration for the time value of money and the credit risk associated with the principal amount outstanding during a particular period of time. It can also include consideration for other basic lending risks e.g. liquidity risk and costs e.g. administrative costs associated with holding the financial asset for a particular period of time and a profit margin that is consistent with a basic lending arrangement. Where cash flows can change over time due to contingent events such as terms where the margin on a loan adjusts depending on the performance of the borrower on certain contractual ESG metrics the contingent event and cash flows are assessed to determine if the instrument cash flows are SPPI. The nature of the contingent event and the size of the possible change in cash flows are taken into account in this assessment on an absolute and relative basis compared to the overall coupon. Additionally as part of the SPPI assessment where the lending is nonrecourse in nature then further assessment is made to determine if the cash flows are consistent with SPPI which is dependent on the nature of the underlying the level of subordination and the contractual cash flows of the instrument held. The Group originates and purchases debt instruments from entities issuing multiple tranches of debt. Where these instruments meet the definition of a contractually linked instruments then further analysis is performed on the cash flows and credit risk exposure of the instrument held as well as the underlying collateral held at purchase and can be held in the future. 

Score 0.445
In the third quarter of approximately FTEs moved from Corporate Other to the operating business segments driven by the banks decision that the Chief Operating Office will no longer be a separate Management Board function. Accordingly businessrelated parts of Chief Operating Office that support the Investment Bank and the Corporate Bank which were previously run in Infrastructure moved to those divisions. Comparative segmental financial information is presented accordingly. This change did not result in a material financial impact at a segment level as costs are allocated from Corporate Other to the operating business segments that are using the service of the respective infrastructure functions and with this move the costs are directly incurred by the divisions rather than being charged to Corporate Other. 

Score 0.441
The Groups trading and risk management businesses include significant activities in interest rate instruments and related derivatives. Under IFRS interest and similar income earned from trading instruments and financial instruments designated at fair value through profit or loss i.e. coupon and dividend income and the costs of funding net trading positions are part of net interest income. The Groups trading activities can periodically shift income to either net interest income or to net gains losses of financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss depending on a variety of factors including risk management strategies. The above table combines net interest income and net gains losses of financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss by business division. 

Score 0.441
Predominantly relates to derivatives qualifying for hedge accounting 

Score 0.441
Interest rate related OTC Bilateral Amt CCP Amt Exchangetraded Total Interest rate related Currency related OTC Bilateral Amt CCP Amt Exchangetraded Total Currency related Equityindex related OTC Bilateral Amt CCP Amt Exchangetraded Total Equityindex related Credit derivatives related OTC Bilateral Amt CCP Amt Exchangetraded Total Credit derivatives related Commodity related OTC Bilateral Amt CCP Amt Exchangetraded Total Commodity related Other OTC Bilateral Amt CCP Amt Exchangetraded Total Other Total OTC business Total bilateral business Total CCP business Total exchangetraded business Total Positive market values after netting and cash collateral received 

Score 0.44
Securities purchased under resale agreement Debt securities German government U.S. Treasury and U.S. government agencies U.S. local municipal governments Other foreign governments Corporates Other assetbacked securities Mortgagebacked securities including obligations of U.S. federal agencies Other debt securities Total debt securities Loans Total financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 

Score 0.44
 Business segments and related information in m. unless stated otherwise Corporate Bank Investment Bank Private Bank Asset Manage ment Corporate Other Total Consolidated 

Score 0.437
The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill as well as gross amounts and accumulated impairment losses of goodwill for the years ended December and December are shown below by cashgenerating units. The Groups business operations are organized under the following divisional structure Corporate Bank Investment Bank Private Bank and Asset Management. The corporate divisions are considered CGUs. Please also refer to Note Business Segments and Related Information for more information regarding changes in the presentation of segment disclosures. 

Score 0.434
Positive and Negative Market Values from Derivative Instruments categorized in this level of the fair value hierarchy are valued based on one or more significant unobservable parameters. The unobservable parameters may include certain correlations certain longerterm volatilities certain prepayment rates credit spreads and other transactionspecific parameters. Level derivatives include certain options where the volatility is unobservable certain basket options in which the correlations between the referenced underlying assets are unobservable longerterm interest rate option derivatives multicurrency foreign exchange derivatives and certain credit default swaps for which the credit spread is not observable. The decrease in assets during the period are driven by net transfers between Level and Level due to changes in the observability of input parameters used to value these instruments and settlements partially offset by gains. The decrease in liabilities during the period are driven by net transfers between Level and Level due to changes in the observability of input parameters used to value these instruments and settlements partially offset by losses. Other Trading Instruments classified in Level of the fair value hierarchy mainly consist of traded loans valued using valuation models based on one or more significant unobservable parameters. The increase in the period is driven by purchases and issuances net transfers between Level and Level due to changes in the observability of input parameters used to value these instruments and gains partially offset by sales and settlements. Nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or lossclassified in Level of fair value hierarchy include any nontrading financial asset that does not fall into the Hold to Collect nor Hold to Collect and Sell business models. This includes predominately reverse repurchase agreements which are managed on a fair value basis. Additionally any financial asset that falls into the Hold to Collect or Hold to Collect and Sell business models for which the contractual cash flow characteristics are not SPPI. The decrease in the period is driven by settlements and sales net transfers between Level and Level due to changes in the observability of input parameters used to value these instruments and losses partially offset by purchases and issuances.Financial AssetsLiabilities designated at Fair Value through Profit or Loss Certain corporate loans and structured liabilities which were designated at fair value through profit or loss under the fair value option were categorized in this level of the fair value hierarchy. The corporate loans are valued using valuation techniques which incorporate observable credit spreads recovery rates and unobservable utilization parameters. Revolving loan facilities are reported in the third level of the hierarchy because the utilization in the event of the default parameter is significant and unobservable. In addition certain hybrid debt issuances designated at fair value through profit or loss containing embedded derivatives are valued based on significant unobservable parameters. These unobservable parameters include single stock volatility correlations. The decrease in assets during the period is driven by settlements. The increase in liabilities during the period is driven by issuances and losses partially offset by net transfers between Level and Level due to changes in the observability of input parameters used to value these instruments and settlements. Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income include nonperforming loan portfolios where there is no trading intent and the market is very illiquid. The increase in the period is driven by purchases and issuances partially offset by sales and settlements net transfers between Level and Level due to changes in the observability of input parameters used to value these instruments and losses. 

Score 0.434
Deposits from banks Deposits from other wholesale customers CDs and CP ABCP Senior nonpreferred plain vanilla Senior preferred plain vanilla Senior structured Covered bondsABS Subordinated liabilities Other Total Of which Secured Unsecured 

Score 0.433
II Letter from the Chief Executive OfficerV	Management BoardVI 	Letter from the Chairman of the Supervisory BoardVIII	Report of the Supervisory Board XVII	Supervisory BoardXVIII 	CommitteesXXI	Strategy

Score 0.433
II Letter from the Chief Executive OfficerV	Management BoardVI	Letter from the Chairman of the Supervisory BoardVIII	Report of the Supervisory Board XVII	 Supervisory BoardXVIII	 CommitteesXXI	Strategy

Score 0.433
Major type of services Commissions for administration Commissions for assets under management Commissions for other securities Underwriting and advisory fees Brokerage fees Commissions for local payments Commissions for foreign commercial business Commissions for foreign currencyexchange business Commissions for loan processing and guarantees Intermediary fees Fees for sundry other customer services Total fee and commissions income Gross expense Net fees and commissions 

Score 0.433
Classes of Provisions 

Score 0.433
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include Trading Liabilities Financial Liabilities Designated at Fair Value through Profit or Loss and NonParticipating Investment Contracts Investment Contracts. Under IFRS they are carried at fair value with realized and unrealized gains and losses included in net gains losses on financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss. For financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit and loss the fair value movements attributable to the Groups own credit component for fair value movements is recognized in Other Comprehensive Income. The Group applies trade date accounting to financial liabilities classified at fair value through profit or loss. Interest on interest paying liabilities are presented in interest expense for financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss. Trading liabilities Financial liabilities that arise from debt issued are classified as held for trading if they have been originated or incurred principally for the purpose of repurchasing them in the near term. Trading liabilities consist primarily of derivative liabilities including certain loan commitments and short positions. This also includes loan commitments where the resulting loan upon funding is allocated to the other business model such that the undrawn loan commitment is classified as derivatives held for trading. Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss Certain financial liabilities that do not meet the definition of trading liabilities are designated at fair value through profit or loss using the fair value option. To be designated at fair value through profit or loss financial liabilities must meet one of the following criteria the designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency a group of financial liabilities is managed and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis in accordance with a documented risk management or investment strategy or the instrument contains one or more embedded derivatives unless a the embedded derivative does not significantly modify the cash flows that otherwise would be required by the contract or b it is clear with little or no analysis that separation is prohibited. In addition the Group allows the fair value option to be designated only for those financial instruments for which a reliable estimate of fair value can be obtained. Financial liabilities which are designated at fair value through profit or loss under the fair value option include repurchase agreements loan commitments and structured note liabilities. 

Score 0.432
Consolidated net revenues comprise interest and similar income interest expenses and total noninterest income including net commission and fee income revenues are attributed to countries based on the location in which the Groups booking office is located the location of a transaction on the Groups books is sometimes different from the location of the headquarters or other offices of a customer and different from the location of the Groups personnel who entered into or facilitated the transaction where the Group records a transaction involving its staff and customers and other third parties in different locations frequently depends on other considerations such as the nature of the transaction regulatory considerations and transaction processing considerations 

Score 0.432
Financial assets held at fair value Trading securities Positive market values from derivative financial instruments Other trading assets Nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income Other financial assets at fair value Total financial assets held at fair value Financial liabilities held at fair value Trading securities Negative market values from derivative financial instruments Other trading liabilities Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss Other financial liabilities at fair value Total financial liabilities held at fair value Total 

Score 0.431
For further details on the assets and liabilities held for sale please refer to Note NonCurrent Assets and Disposal Groups Held for Sale. 

Score 0.431
In January and July the IASB issued amendments to IAS Presentation of Financial Statements Classification of Liabilities as Current or NonCurrent. The amendments clarify that the classification of liabilities as current or noncurrent should be based on rights that are in existence at the end of the reporting period. The amendments also clarify that the classification is unaffected by expectations about whether an entity will exercise its right to defer settlement of a liability and make clear that settlement refers to the transfer to the counterparty of cash equity instruments other assets or services. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after January with early adoption permitted. They will not have a material impact on the Groups consolidated financial statements. In October the IASB issued a further amendment to IAS that modifies the requirements described above on how an entity classifies debt and other financial liabilities as current or noncurrent in particular circumstances. Accordingly it clarifies that only covenants with which an entity is required to comply on or before the reporting date affect the classification of a liability as current or noncurrent. In line with the previous amendments the new amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after January with early adoption permitted. The amendments will not have a material impact on the Groups consolidated financial statements. 

Score 0.43
 Provision for credit losses Noninterest expenses Compensation and benefits General and administrative expenses Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets Restructuring activities Total noninterest expenses Noncontrolling interests Profit loss before tax Assets in bn

Score 0.429
Derivative contracts used by the Group include swaps futures forwards options and other similar types of contracts. In the normal course of business the Group enters into a variety of derivative transactions for sales marketmaking and risk management purposes. The Groups objectives in using derivative instruments are to meet customers risk management needs and to manage the Groups exposure to risks. In accordance with the Groups accounting policy relating to derivatives and hedge accounting as described in Note Material Accounting Policies and Critical Accounting Estimates all derivatives are carried at fair value in the balance sheet regardless of whether they are held for trading or nontrading purposes. 

Score 0.429
 Administrative expenses Balance of other operating incomeexpenses NM Risk provisioning Operating profit NM Balance of other ordinary incomeexpenses NM Extraordinary result NM Releases fromAdditions to the fund for general banking risks NM Income before taxes Taxes Net income loss Profit carried forward from the previous year Withdrawal from capital reserves NM Allocations to revenue reserves to other revenue reserves Distributable profit 

Score 0.429
Total trading assets as of December and December of . billion and . billion are comprised primarily of . billion and . billion in securitizations and . billion and . billion in funds structured entities respectively. The Groups interests in securitizations are collateralized by the assets contained in these entities. Where the Group holds fund units these are typically in regard to market making in funds or otherwise serve as hedges for notes issued to clients. Moreover the credit risk arising from loans made to third party funding structured entities is mitigated by the collateral received. Nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss includes reverse repurchase agreements to funds which comprise the majority of the interests in this category and are collateralized by the underlying securities. Loans as of December and December consist of . billion and . billion investment in securitization tranches and financing to third party funding entities. The Groups financing to third party funding entities is collateralized by the assets in those structured entities. Other assets as of December and December of . billion and . billion respectively consist primarily of cash margin balances. Pending Receivable balances are not included in this disclosure note due to the fact that these balances arise from typical customer supplier relationships out of e.g. brokerage type activities and their inherent volatility would not provide users of the financial statements with effective information about Deutsche Banks exposures to structured entities. 

Score 0.429
Revenue is recognized when performance obligations are satisfied. Performance obligation is satisfied by fund performance exceeding a hurdle rate an agreed minimum annual return provided to investors. As of December there were performance obligations to be satisfied of million with a time band of three years from to as of December million with a time band of three years from to from Alternative funds. The decrease of performance obligations to be satisfied was mainly driven by decline in the real estate valuations due to market conditions. As of December and December the Groups balance of receivables from commission and fee income was million and million respectively. As of December and December the Groups balance of contract liabilities associated to commission and fee income was million and million respectively. Contract liabilities arise from the Groups obligation to provide future services to a customer for which it has received consideration from the customer prior to completion of the services. The balances of receivables and contract liabilities do not vary significantly from period to period reflecting the fact that they predominately relate to recurring service contracts with service periods of less than one year such as monthly current account services and quarterly asset management services. As a result prior period balances of contract liabilities are generally recognized in revenue in the subsequent period. Customer payment in exchange for services provided are generally subject to performance by the Group over the specific service period such that the Groups right to payment arises at the end of the service period when its performance obligations are fully completed. Therefore no material balance of contract asset is reported. 

Score 0.429
For purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows the Groups cash and cash equivalents include highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of change in value. Such investments include cash and balances at central banks and demand deposits with banks. There are various circumstances in which cash and cash equivalent balances held by an entity are not available for use by the Group. Examples include cash and cash equivalent balances held by a subsidiary that operates in a country where exchange controls or other legal restrictions apply such that the balances are not available for general use by the Group or its subsidiaries. The Groups assignment of cash flows to the operating investing or financing category depends on the business model management approach. For the Group the primary operating activity is to manage financial assets and financial liabilities. Therefore the issuance and management of longterm borrowings is a core operating activity which is different than for a nonfinancial company where borrowing is not a principal revenue producing activity and thus is part of the financing category. The Group views the issuance of senior longterm debt as an operating activity. Senior longterm debt comprises structured notes and assetbacked securities which are designed and executed by the Corporate Bank and Investment Bank business line segments and which are revenue generating activities. The other component is debt issued by Treasury which is considered interchangeable with other funding sources. All funding costs are allocated to business activities to establish their profitability. Cash flows related to subordinated longterm debt and trust preferred securities are viewed differently than those related to seniorlong term debt because they are managed as an integral part of the Groups capital primarily to meet regulatory capital requirements. As a result they are not interchangeable with other operating liabilities but can only be interchanged with equity and thus are considered part of the financing category. The amounts shown in the consolidated statement of cash flows do not precisely match the movements in the consolidated balance sheet from one period to the next as they exclude noncash items such as movements due to foreign exchange translation and movements due to changes in the group of consolidated companies. Movements in balances carried at fair value through profit or loss represent all changes affecting the carrying value. This includes the effects of market movements and cash inflows and outflows. The movements in balances carried at fair value are usually presented in operating cash flows. 

Score 0.428
 Total financial assets at amortized cost Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss Trading assets Positive market values from derivative financial instruments Nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss Of which Securities purchased under resale agreement Securities borrowed Loans Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets at fair value through OCI Of which Securities purchased under resale agreement Securities borrowed Loans Total financial assets at fair value through OCI Financial guarantees and other credit related contingent liabilities Revocable and irrevocable lending commitments and other credit related commitments Total offbalance sheet Maximum exposure to credit risk 

Score 0.426
The following section is a discussion of the results of the business segments. Please refer to Note Business Segments and related information to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding Changes in the format of the banks segment disclosure The framework of the banks management reporting systems Deutsche Banks segment reporting follows the organizational structure as reflected in the Groups internal management reporting systems which are the basis for assessing the financial performance of the business segments and for allocating resources to them. The segmentation is based on the structure of the Group as of December . Prior years comparatives were aligned to the presentation in the current year. 

Score 0.426
Regulatory capital elements of TLACMREL Common Equity Tier capital CET Additional Tier AT capital instruments eligible under TLACMREL Tier T capital instruments eligible under TLACMREL Tier T capital instruments before TLACMREL adjustments Tier T capital instruments adjustments for TLACMREL Tier T capital instruments eligible under TLACMREL Total regulatory capital elements of TLACMREL Other elements of TLACMREL Senior nonpreferred plain vanilla Holdings of eligible liabilities instruments of other GSIIs TLAC only Total Loss Absorbing Capacity TLAC Add back of holdings of eligible liabilities instruments of other GSIIs TLAC only Available Own Funds and subordinated Eligible Liabilities subordinated MREL Senior preferred plain vanilla Senior preferred structured products Available Minimum Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities MREL Risk Weighted Assets RWA Leverage Ratio Exposure LRE TLAC ratio TLAC ratio as percentage of RWA . . TLAC requirement as percentage of RWA . . TLAC ratio as percentage of Leverage Exposure . . TLAC requirement as percentage of Leverage Exposure . . TLAC surplus over RWA requirement TLAC surplus over LRE requirement MREL subordination MREL subordination ratio as percentage of RWA . . MREL subordination requirement as percentage of RWA . . Surplus over MREL subordination requirement MREL ratio MREL ratio as percentage of RWA . . MREL requirement as percentage of RWA . . MREL surplus over requirement 

Score 0.424
 Industry sector by NACE Nomenclature des Activits conomiques dans la Communaut Europenne code 

Score 0.423
Profit loss recognized in the income statement Other comprehensive income Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss Remeasurement gains losses related to defined benefit plans before tax Net fair value gains losses attributable to credit risk related to financial liabilities designated as at fair value through profit or loss before tax Total of income tax related to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss Items that are or may be reclassified to profit or loss Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income Unrealized net gains losses arising during the period before tax Realized net gains losses arising during the period reclassified to profit or loss before tax Derivatives hedging variability of cash flows Unrealized net gains losses arising during the period before tax Realized net gains losses arising during the period reclassified to profit or loss before tax Assets classified as held for sale Unrealized net gains losses arising during the period before tax Realized net gains losses arising during the period reclassified to profit or loss before tax Foreign currency translation Unrealized net gains losses arising during the period before tax Realized net gains losses arising during the period reclassified to profit or loss before tax Equity Method Investments Net gains losses arising during the period Total of income tax related to items that are or may be reclassified to profit or loss Other comprehensive income loss net of tax Total comprehensive income loss net of tax Attributable to Noncontrolling interests Deutsche Bank shareholders and additional equity components 

Score 0.423
Brokerage and securities related receivables Cashmargin receivables Receivables from prime brokerage Pending securities transactions past settlement date Receivables from unsettled regular way trades Total brokerage and securities related receivables Debt Securities held to collect Accrued interest receivable Assets held for sale Assets related to insurance business Other Total other assets 

Score 0.422
		 	Material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates 		 	Recently adopted and new accounting pronouncements 		 	Acquisitions and dispositions 		 	Business segments and related information 

Score 0.42
Assets Cash and central bank balances Interbank balances wo central banks Central bank funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements Securities Borrowed Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss Trading assets Positive market values derivative financial instruments Nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income Loans at amortized cost Other assets Total assets Liabilities Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss Negative market values derivative financial instruments Other shortterm borrowings Other liabilities Total liabilities Offbalance sheet exposure Total 

Score 0.42
Credit Risk Exposure Dec Loans Offbalance sheet OTC derivatives in m. at amortized cost trading at fair value through PL Designated mandatory at fair value through PL at fair value through OCI Revocable and irrevo cable lending commitments Contingent liabilities at fair value through PL 

Score 0.419
Some of the financial assets and financial liabilities in Level of the fair value hierarchy have identical or similar offsetting exposures to the unobservable input. However according to IFRS they are required to be presented gross. Trading Securities Certain illiquid emerging market corporate bonds and illiquid highly structured corporate bonds are included in this level of the hierarchy. In addition some of the holdings of notes issued by securitization entities commercial and residential MBS collateralized debt obligation securities and other ABS are reported here. The increase in the period is driven by purchases and issuances gains and net transfers between Level and Level due to changes in the observability of input parameters used to value these instruments partially offset by sales and settlements. 

Score 0.419
Common Equity Tier CET capital opening amount Common shares net effect Additional paidin capital Retained earnings Common shares in treasury net effect sales purchase Movements in accumulated other comprehensive income AT coupon and shareholder dividend deduction Additional value adjustments Goodwill and other intangible assets net of related tax liabilities negative amount Deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability excluding those arising from temporary differences Negative amounts resulting from the calculation of expected loss amounts Defined benefit pension fund assets net of related tax liabilities negative amount Direct indirect and synthetic holdings by the institution of the CET instruments of financial sector entities where the institution has a significant investment in those entities Deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences amount above and threshold net of related tax liabilities where the conditions in Art. CRR are met Other including regulatory adjustments Common Equity Tier CET capital closing amount Additional Tier AT Capital opening amount New Additional Tier eligible capital issues Matured and called instruments Other including regulatory adjustments Additional Tier AT Capital closing amount Tier capital Tier T capital closing amount Total regulatory capital 

Score 0.419
Securities purchased under resale agreements reverse repurchase agreements and securities sold under agreements to repurchase repurchase agreements are treated as collateralized financings and are recognized initially at fair value being the amount of cash disbursed and received respectively. The Group allocates reverse repurchase portfolios that are managed on a fair value basis to the other business model under IFRS and classifies them as Nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss. Interest earned on reverse repurchase agreements and interest incurred on repurchase agreements is reported as interest income and interest expense respectively. 

Score 0.418
Credit Risk Exposure Dec Loans Offbalance sheet OTC derivatives in m. at amortized cost trading at fair value through PL Designated mandatory at fair value through PL at fair value through OCI Revocable and irrevocable lending commitments Contingent liabilities at fair value through PL 

Score 0.418
Statutory contractual or regulatory requirements as well as protective rights of noncontrolling interests might restrict the ability of the Group to access and transfer assets freely to or from other entities within the Group and to settle liabilities of the Group. The following contractual restrictions impact the Groups ability to use assets and the table below reflects the volume of those restricted assets The Group has pledged assets to collateralize its obligations under repurchase agreements securities financing transactions collateralized loan obligations and for margining purposes for OTC derivative liabilities The assets of consolidated structured entities are held for the benefit of the parties that have bought the notes issued by these entities 

Score 0.418
AssetsReceivables from banks and customers incl. balances with central banks and debt instruments of publicsector entities Participating interests and investments in affiliated companies Bonds and other securities and equity shares Trading Assets Remaining other assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders EquityLiabilities to banks and customers Liabilities in certificate form Trading liabilities Provisions Capital and reserves Subordinated liabilities Participation rights capital Instruments for Additional Tier Regulatory Capital and Fund for general banking risks Remaining other liabilities Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

Score 0.418
 Gross Carrying Amount numbers per business division are reported after a reallocation of cash balances from business divisions to Corporate Other 

Score 0.417
Securities Debt securities Commercial mortgagebacked securities Mortgage and other assetbacked securities Corporate sovereign and other debt securities Equity securities Derivatives Credit Equity Interest related Foreign Exchange Other Loans Loans Other Total 

Score 0.417
On January the Group adopted amendments to IAS Income Taxes. These amendments changed the deferred tax treatment related to assets and liabilities in a single transaction such that they introduce an exemption from the initial recognition exemption provided in IAS .b and IAS .. Accordingly the initial recognition exemption does not apply to transactions in which both deductible and taxable temporary differences arise on initial recognition that result in the recognition of equal deferred tax assets and liabilities. Neither of these amendments had a material impact on the Groups consolidated financial statements. In December the Organization for Economic CoOperation and Development OECD issued Global AntiBase Erosion and Profit Shifting BEPS Rules under the Pillar Framework. In May the IASB issued amendments to IAS Income Taxes to introduce a mandatory temporary exception to the accounting for deferred taxes arising from the implementation of Pillar model rules and disclosure requirements. The application of the exception outlined above had to be applied immediately with the disclosure requirements to be effective for annual periods beginning on or after January . The mandatory temporary exception has been applied and there has been no impact on the Groups consolidated financial statements. 

Score 0.416
	 	 Corporate Governance Statement according to Sections f and d of the German Commercial CodeCorporate Governance Report

Score 0.416
Corporate Governance Statement pursuant to Sections f and d of the German Commercial Code 

Score 0.416
 Total regulatory adjustments to Common Equity Tier CET capital Common Equity Tier CET capital Additional Tier AT capital instruments Capital instruments and the related share premium accounts Amount of qualifying items referred to in Art. CRR and the related share premium accounts subject to phase out from AT Additional Tier AT capital before regulatory adjustments Additional Tier AT capital regulatory adjustments Direct indirect and synthetic holdings by an institution of own AT instruments negative amount Residual amounts deducted from AT capital with regard to deduction from CET capital during the transitional period pursuant to Art. CRR Other regulatory adjustments Total regulatory adjustments to Additional Tier AT capital Additional Tier AT capital Tier capital T CET AT Tier T capital Total capital TC T T Total riskweighted assets Capital ratios Common Equity Tier capital ratio as a percentage of riskweighted assets . . Tier capital ratio as a percentage of riskweighted assets . . Total capital ratio as a percentage of riskweighted assets . . 

Score 0.416
Interest and similar income Interest income on cash and central bank balances Interest income on interbank balances wo central banks Central bank funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements Loans Other Total Interest and similar income from assets measured at amortized cost Interest income on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income Total interest and similar income calculated using the effective interest method Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss Total interest and similar income Thereof negative interest expense on financial liabilities Interest expense Interestbearing deposits Central bank funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements Other shortterm borrowings Longterm debt Trust preferred securities Other Total interest expense measured at amortized cost Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss Total interest expense Thereof negative interest income on financial assets Net interest income 

Score 0.415
For further details please refer to Note Material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates of this report 

Score 0.415
The column Gross amounts set off on the balance sheet discloses the amounts offset in accordance with all the criteria described in Note Material Accounting Policies and Critical Accounting Estimates Offsetting Financial Instruments. The column Impact of Master Netting Agreements discloses the amounts that are subject to master netting agreements but were not offset because they did not meet the net settlementsimultaneous settlement criteria or because the rights of set off are conditional upon the default of the counterparty only. The amounts presented for other assets and other liabilities include cash margin receivables and payables respectively. The columns Cash collateral and Financial instrument collateral disclose the cash and financial instrument collateral amounts received or pledged in relation to the total amounts of assets and liabilities including those that were not offset. Nonenforceable master netting agreements or similar agreements refer to contracts executed in jurisdictions where the rights of set off may not be upheld under the local bankruptcy laws. The cash collateral received against the positive market values of derivatives and the cash collateral pledged towards the negative marktomarket values of derivatives are booked within the Other liabilities and Other assets balances respectively. The Cash and Financial instrument collateral amounts disclosed reflect their fair values. The rights of set off relating to the cash and financial instrument collateral are conditional upon the default of the counterparty. 

Score 0.413
Deutsche Banks segment reporting follows the organizational structure as reflected in the Groups internal management reporting systems which are the basis for assessing the financial performance of the business segments and for allocating resources to them. The banks business operations are organized under the divisional structure comprising the following corporate divisions Corporate Bank Investment Bank Private Bank Asset Management Corporate Other The Group consists of the following reportable segments Corporate Bank Investment Bank Private Bank Asset Management and Corporate Other. Corporate Bank reports revenues in the categories Corporate Treasury Services Institutional Client Services and Business Banking. Investment Bank reports revenues in the categories Fixed Income Currency Sales Trading and Origination Advisory as well as Other. Private Bank reports revenues in the categories Private Bank Germany and International Private Bank. Within International Private Bank revenues are reported in the categories Wealth Management Bank for Entrepreneurs and Premium Banking. By year end International Private Bank materially completed the winddown of the majority of legacy assets and liabilities associated with Sal. Oppenheim. Remaining assets or liabilities are not expected to have material financial impacts going forward and will be included in the normal course of the client segment Wealth Management Bank for Entrepreneurs. The associated disclosure of specific revenues items was discontinued starting in the first quarter of . Asset Management reports revenues in the categories Management Fees Performance and Transaction Fees and Other. Corporate Other includes revenues costs and resources held centrally that are not allocated to the individual business segments as well as valuation and timing differences that arise on derivatives used to hedge the Groups balance sheet. These are accounting impacts and valuation losses are expected to be recovered over time as the underlying instruments approach maturity. In addition Corporate Other contains financial impacts of legacy portfolios previously reported as the Capital Release Unit. As announced in the Annual Report having fulfilled the Capital Release Units derisking and cost reduction mandate from through year end the Capital Release Unit ceased to be reported as a separate segment with effect from the first quarter of . The remaining portfolio resources and employees are reported within the Corporate Other segment. In line with the change the Core Bank which previously represented the Group excluding the Capital Release Unit ceased to be reported as of the first quarter of . In addition based on management decisions during the reporting period further divisional changes were introduced. The prior years segmental information is presented in the current structure. 

Score 0.413
Purchased intangible assets Internally generated intangible assets Total other intangible assets Unamortized Amortized Amortized in m. Retail investment management agreements Other Total unamortized purchased intangible assets Customer related intangible assets Contract based intangible assets Software and other Total amortized purchased intangible assets Software Cost of acquisition manufacture Balance as of January Additions Changes in the group of consolidated companies Disposals Reclassifications from to held for sale Transfers Exchange rate changes Balance as of December Additions Changes in the group of consolidated companies Disposals Reclassifications from to held for sale Transfers Exchange rate changes Balance as of December Accumulated amortization and impairment Balance as of January Amortization for the year 

Score 0.413
Carrying amount of all associates that are individually immaterial to the Group Aggregated amount of the Groups share of profit loss from continuing operations Aggregated amount of the Groups share of posttax profit loss from discontinued operations Aggregated amount of the Groups share of other comprehensive income Aggregated amount of the Groups share of total comprehensive income 

Score 0.412
The details pursuant to Section a a German Commercial Code HGB in conjunction with Section b HGB can be found as a combined separate nonfinancial report under httpsinvestorrelations.db.comreportsandeventsannualreports. 

Score 0.411
The Group enters into transactions in which it transfers financial assets held on the balance sheet and as a result may either be eligible to derecognize the transferred asset in its entirety or must continue to recognize the transferred asset to the extent of any continuing involvement depending on certain criteria. These criteria are discussed in Note Material Accounting Policies and Critical Accounting Estimates. Where financial assets are not eligible to be derecognized the transfers are viewed as secured financing transactions with any consideration received resulting in a corresponding liability. The Group is not entitled to use these financial assets for any other purposes. The most common transactions of this nature entered into by the Group are repurchase agreements securities lending agreements and total return swaps in which the Group retains substantially all of the associated credit equity price interest rate and foreign exchange risks and rewards associated with the assets as well as the associated income streams. 

Score 0.411
The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes. Deutsche Banks Operating and financial review includes qualitative and quantitative disclosures on Segment results of operations and entitywide disclosures on net revenue components as required by International Financial Reporting Standard IFRS Operating Segments. For additional business segment disclosure under IFRS please refer to Note Business Segments and related information of the consolidated financial statements. Forwardlooking statements are disclosed in the section Outlook in this report. 

Score 0.41
Deposits Central bank funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements enforceable Central bank funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements nonenforceable Securities loaned enforceable Securities loaned nonenforceable Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss enforceable Of which Negative market values from derivative financial instruments enforceable Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss nonenforceable Of which Negative market values from derivative financial instruments nonenforceable Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss Other liabilities Of which Negative market values from derivatives qualifying for hedge accounting enforceable Remaining liabilities not subject to netting Total liabilities 

Score 0.409
Operational Risk Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes people and systems or from external events. The definition used for the purposes of determining operational provisions differs from the risk management definition as it excludes risk of loss resulting from civil litigation and regulatory enforcement matters. For risk management purposes operational risk includes legal risk as payments to customers counterparties and regulatory bodies in civil litigations or regulatory enforcement matters constitute loss events for operational shortcomings but excludes business and reputational risk. Civil Litigation provisions arise out of current or potential claims or proceedings alleging noncompliance with contractual or other legal or regulatory responsibilities which have resulted or may result in demands from customers counterparties or other parties in civil litigations. Regulatory Enforcement provisions arise out of current or potential claims or proceedings alleging noncompliance with legal or regulatory responsibilities which have resulted or may result in an assessment of fines or penalties by governmental regulatory agencies selfregulatory organizations or other enforcement authorities. Restructuring provisions arise out of restructuring activities. The Group aims to enhance its longterm competitiveness through major reductions in costs duplication and complexity in the years ahead. For details see Note Restructuring. Other provisions include several specific items arising from a variety of different circumstances including the provision for the reimbursement of loan processing fees deferred sales commissions provisions for bank levies and mortgage repurchase demands. 

Score 0.408
Purchase obligations for goods and services include future payments for among other things information technology services and facility management. Some figures above for purchase obligations represent minimum contractual payments and actual future payments may be higher. Longterm deposits exclude contracts with a remaining maturity of less than one year. Under certain conditions future payments for some longterm financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss may occur earlier. See the following notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information Note Net Interest Income and Net Gains Losses on Financial AssetsLiabilities at Fair Value through Profit or Loss Note Leases Note Deposits and Note LongTerm Debt and Trust Preferred Securities. 

Score 0.408
The Group recognizes the current and deferred tax consequences of transactions that have been included in the consolidated financial statements using the provisions of the respective jurisdictions tax laws. Current and deferred taxes are recognized in profit or loss except to the extent that the tax relates to items that are recognized directly in equity or other comprehensive income in which case the related tax is recognized either directly in equity or other comprehensive income accordingly. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases unused tax losses and unused tax credits. Deferred tax assets are recognized only to the extent that it is probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available against which those unused tax losses unused tax credits and deductible temporary differences can be utilized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured based on the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period that the asset is realized or the liability is settled based on tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date. Current tax assets and liabilities are offset when they arise from the same tax reporting entity or tax group of reporting entities the legally enforceable right to offset exists and they are intended to be settled net or realized simultaneously. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when the legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets and liabilities exists and the deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxing authority on either the same tax reporting entity or tax group of reporting entities. Deferred tax liabilities are provided on taxable temporary differences arising from investments in subsidiaries branches and associates and interests in joint ventures except when the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference is controlled by the Group and it is probable that the difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred income tax assets are provided on deductible temporary differences arising from such investments only to the extent that it is probable that the differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and sufficient taxable income will be available against which those temporary differences can be utilized. Deferred tax related to fair value remeasurement of financial assets classified as FVTOCI cash flow hedges and other items which are charged or credited directly to other comprehensive income is also credited or charged directly to other comprehensive income and subsequently recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income once the underlying transaction or event to which the deferred tax relates is recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income. For sharebased payment transactions the Group may receive a tax deduction related to the compensation paid in shares. The amount deductible for tax purposes may differ from the cumulative compensation expense recorded. At any reporting date the Group must estimate the expected future tax deduction based on the current share price. The associated current and deferred tax consequences are recognized as income or expense in the consolidated statement of Income for the period. If the amount deductible or expected to be deductible for tax purposes exceeds the cumulative compensation expense the excess tax benefit is recognized directly in equity. Critical accounting estimates In determining the amount of deferred tax assets the Group uses historical tax capacity and profitability information and if relevant forecasted operating results based upon approved business plans including a review of the eligible carryforward periods available tax planning opportunities and other relevant considerations. The analysis of the historical tax capacity includes the determination as to whether a period of past profits or a history of recent losses exists at the reporting date. The determination of a period of past profits or a history of recent losses is based on the pretax results adjusted for permanent differences and typically covers the current and the two preceding financial years. Each quarter the Group reevaluates its estimate related to deferred tax assets. The Group believes that the accounting estimate related to the deferred tax assets is a critical accounting estimate because the underlying assumptions can change from period to period and requires significant management judgment. For example tax law changes changes in the historical tax capacity or variances in future projected operating performance could result in a change of the carrying amount of a deferred tax asset. If the Group was not able to realize all or part of its net deferred tax assets in the future an adjustment to its deferred tax assets would be charged to income tax expense or directly to equity in the period such determination was made. If the Group was to recognize previously unrecognized deferred tax assets in the future an adjustment to its deferred tax asset would be credited to income tax expense or directly to equity in the period such determination was made. 

Score 0.408
Considering clearly defined and governed adjustments for relevant Profit and Loss items e.g. business restructurings impairments of goodwill or intangibles 

Score 0.408
 Trading assets and liabilities positive and negative market values from derivative financial instruments net Other net Net cash provided by used in operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Proceeds from Sale of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income Maturities of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income Sale of debt securities held to collect at amortized cost Maturities of debt securities held to collect at amortized cost Sale of equity method investments Sale of property and equipment Purchase of Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income Debt Securities held to collect at amortized cost Equity method investments Property and equipment Net cash received in paid for business combinationsdivestitures Other net Net cash provided by used in investing activities Cash flows from financing activities Issuances of subordinated longterm debt 

Score 0.407
at amortized cost trading at fair value through PL Designated mandatory at fair value through PL at fair value through OCI Revocable and irrevo cable lending commitments Contingent liabilities at fair value through PL

Score 0.407
at amortized cost trading at fair value through PL Designated mandatory at fair value through PL at fair value through OCI Revocable and irrevo cable lending commitments Contingent liabilities at fair value through PL 

Score 0.407
The Groups entitywide disclosures include net revenues from internal and external counterparties. Excluding revenues from internal counterparties would require disproportionate IT investment and is not in line with the Banks management approach. For details of the net revenue components please see Management Report Operating and Financial Review Results of Operations Corporate Divisions. The following table presents total net revenues before provision for credit losses by geographic area for the years ended December and respectively. The information presented for Corporate Bank Investment Bank Private Bank and Asset Management has been classified based primarily on the location of the Groups office in which the revenues are recorded. The information for Corporate Other is presented on a global level only as management responsibility for Corporate Other is held centrally. 

Score 0.407
Brokerage and securities related payables Cashmargin payables Payables from prime brokerage Pending securities transactions past settlement date Payables from unsettled regular way trades Total brokerage and securities related payables Accrued interest payable Liabilities held for sale Lease liabilities Liabilities related to insurance business Other Total other liabilities 

Score 0.407
The tables in this section show details about several of Deutsche Banks main credit exposure categories namely Loans Revocable and Irrevocable Lending Commitments Contingent Liabilities OverTheCounter OTC Derivatives Debt Securities and Repo and repostyle transactions Loans are gross loans as reported on our balance sheet at amortized cost loans at fair value through profit and loss and loans at fair value through other comprehensive income before deduction of allowance for credit losses this includes Traded loans that are bought and held for the purpose of selling them in the near term or the material risks of which have all been hedged or sold from a regulatory perspective the latter category principally covers trading book positions Revocable and irrevocable lending commitments consist of the undrawn portion of revocable and irrevocable lendingrelated commitments Contingent liabilities consist of financial and performance guarantees standby letters of credit and other similar arrangements mainly indemnity agreements OTC derivatives are the banks credit exposures from overthecounter derivative transactions that the Group has entered into after netting and cash collateral received on the banks balance sheet these are included in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss or for derivatives qualifying for hedge accounting in other assets in either case only applying cash collateral received and netting eligible under IFRS Debt securities include debentures bonds deposits notes or commercial paper which are issued for a fixed term and redeemable by the issuer as reported on our balance sheet within accounting categories at amortized cost and at fair value through other comprehensive income before deduction of allowance for credit losses it also includes category at fair value through profit and loss this includes Traded bonds which are bonds deposits notes or commercial paper that are bought and held for the purpose of selling them in the near term from a regulatory perspective the latter category principally covers trading book positions Repo and repostyle transactions consist of reverse repurchase transactions as well as securities or commodities borrowing transactions only applying collateral received and netting eligible under IFRS. Although considered in the monitoring of maximum credit exposures the following are not included in the details of the Groups main credit exposure brokerage and securities related receivables cash and central bank balances interbank balances without central banks assets held for sale accrued interest receivables traditional securitization positions. Unless stated otherwise the tables below reflect credit exposure before the consideration of collateral and risk mitigation or structural enhancements except for OTC derivatives wherein they are post credit enhancements 

Score 0.406
Trading assets and positive market values from derivative financial transactions with associated companies amounted to million as of December and million as of December . Trading liabilities and negative market values from derivative financial transactions with associated companies amounted to million as of December and million as of December . Other assets related to transactions with associated companies amounted to million as of December and million as of December . Other liabilities related to transactions with associated companies were million as of December and million as of December . 