Scores_n_ADMINISTRATIVE AND SUPPORT SERVICE ACTIVITIESScore 0.558
The majority of the Groups derivatives transactions relate to sales and marketmaking activities. Sales activities include the structuring and marketing of derivative products to customers to enable them to take transfer modify or reduce current or expected risks. Marketmaking involves quoting bid and offer prices to other market participants enabling revenue to be generated based on spreads and volume. 

Score 0.529
Agriculture forestry and fishing Mining and quarrying Manufacturing Electricity gas steam and air conditioning supply Water supply sewerage waste management and remediation activities Construction Wholesale and retail trade repair of motor vehicles and motorcycles Transport and storage Accommodation and food service activities Information and communication Financial and insurance activities Real estate activities Professional scientific and technical activities Administrative and support service activities Public administration and defense compulsory social security Education Human health services and social work activities Arts entertainment and recreation Other service activities Activities of households as employers undifferentiated goods and services producing activities of households for own use Activities of extraterritorial organizations and bodies Total 

Score 0.525
In the third quarter of approximately FTEs moved from Corporate Other to the operating business segments driven by the banks decision that the Chief Operating Office will no longer be a separate Management Board function. Accordingly businessrelated parts of Chief Operating Office that support the Investment Bank and the Corporate Bank which were previously run in Infrastructure moved to those divisions. Comparative segmental financial information is presented accordingly. This change did not result in a material financial impact at a segment level as costs are allocated from Corporate Other to the operating business segments that are using the service of the respective infrastructure functions and with this move the costs are directly incurred by the divisions rather than being charged to Corporate Other. 

Score 0.524
Agriculture forestry and fishing Mining and quarrying Manufacturing Electricity gas steam and air conditioning supply Water supply sewerage waste management and remediation activities Construction Wholesale and retail trade repair of motor vehicles and motorcycles Transport and storage Accommodation and food service activities Information and communication Financial and insurance activities Real estate activities Professional scientific and technical activities Administrative and support service activities Public administration and defense compulsory social security Education Human health services and social work activities Arts entertainment and recreation Other service activities Activities of households as employers undifferentiated goods and servicesproducing activities of households for own use Activities of extraterritorial organizations and bodies Total 

Score 0.511
Business segments 

Score 0.505
Corporate Functions

Score 0.495
 Business segments and related information in m. unless stated otherwise Corporate Bank Investment Bank Private Bank Asset Manage ment Corporate Other Total Consolidated 

Score 0.488
Management Body Remuneration Business Areas in m. unless stated otherwise Super visory Board

Score 0.487
Major type of services Commissions for administration Commissions for assets under management Commissions for other securities Underwriting and advisory fees Brokerage fees Commissions for local payments Commissions for foreign commercial business Commissions for foreign currencyexchange business Commissions for loan processing and guarantees Intermediary fees Fees for sundry other customer services Total fee and commissions income Gross expense Net fees and commissions 

Score 0.48
For further details on the assets and liabilities held for sale please refer to Note NonCurrent Assets and Disposal Groups Held for Sale. 

Score 0.475
 Business segments and related information 

Score 0.474
The Infrastructure functions perform control and service activities for the businesses including tasks relating to Groupwide crossdivisional resourceplanning steering and control as well as tasks relating to risk liquidity and capital management. The Infrastructure functions are organized into the following areas of responsibility linked to a dedicated member of the Management Board Chief Executive Office Chief Financial Office Chief Risk Office Chief Administration Office Technology Data and Innovation Chief Operating Office CB IB Operations and Controls Infrastructure also includes Communications Corporate Social Responsibility Chief Sustainability Office Regional Management Group Audit Legal Business Selection and Conflicts Office Compliance Anti Financial Crime Global Procurement Global Real Estate and Human Resources. For and costs relating to Infrastructure functions were allocated using an actual to plan approach. From the first quarter of the bank introduced a DriverBased Cost Management methodology for the allocation of costs originated in applicable Infrastructure functions. The new approach aims to provide transparency over the drivers of Infrastructure costs and links costs closely to service consumption by segments. Whilst in the allocations to the corporate divisions continued to be based on planned allocations except for technology development costs which are charged to divisions based on actual expenditures from Infrastructure costs will all be charged to divisions based on actual costs and service consumption in support of the banks continued focus on cost discipline. 

Score 0.473
Revenues excluding specific items is a performance indicator that is a nonGAAP financial measure most directly comparable to the IFRS financial measure net revenues. Revenues excluding specific items is calculated by adjusting net revenues under IFRS for specific revenue items which generally fall outside the usual nature or scope of the business and are likely to distort an accurate assessment of the divisional operating performance. Excluded items are Debt Valuation Adjustment DVA and material transactions or events that are either oneoff in nature or belong to a portfolio of connected transactions or events where the PL impact is limited to a specific period of time. The Group believes that a presentation of net revenues excluding the impact of these items provides a more meaningful depiction of the revenues associated with the business. 

Score 0.469
Results of operations in m. unless stated otherwise Corporate Bank Investment Bank Private Bank Asset Manage ment Corporate Other Total Consolidated 

Score 0.464
 Total interest income Interest expenses NM Net interest income Commission income Commission expenses Net commission income Net trading result thereof release of tradingrelated special reserve according to Section e HGB NM Total revenues Wages and salaries Compulsory social security contributions

Score 0.459
The Groups trading and risk management businesses include significant activities in interest rate instruments and related derivatives. Under IFRS interest and similar income earned from trading instruments and financial instruments designated at fair value through profit or loss i.e. coupon and dividend income and the costs of funding net trading positions are part of net interest income. The Groups trading activities can periodically shift income to either net interest income or to net gains losses of financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss depending on a variety of factors including risk management strategies. The above table combines net interest income and net gains losses of financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss by business division. 

Score 0.459
General fields of expertise

Score 0.457
 Administrative expenses Balance of other operating incomeexpenses NM Risk provisioning Operating profit NM Balance of other ordinary incomeexpenses NM Extraordinary result NM Releases fromAdditions to the fund for general banking risks NM Income before taxes Taxes Net income loss Profit carried forward from the previous year Withdrawal from capital reserves NM Allocations to revenue reserves to other revenue reserves Distributable profit 

Score 0.456
 Corporate Treasury Services Institutional Client Services Business Banking Corporate Bank FIC Sales Trading Remaining Products Investment Bank Private Bank Germany International Private Bank Private Bank Asset Management Corporate Other Total net interest income and net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss 

Score 0.455
in m. Commission and fee income and expense Commission and fee income Commission and fee expense Net commissions and fee income 

Score 0.451
 Gross Carrying Amount numbers per business division are reported after a reallocation of cash balances from business divisions to Corporate Other Dec Gross Carrying Amount Allowance for Credit Losses in m. Stage Stage Stage Stage POCI Total Stage Stage Stage Stage POCI Total 

Score 0.451
The Group enters into transactions in which it transfers financial assets held on the balance sheet and as a result may either be eligible to derecognize the transferred asset in its entirety or must continue to recognize the transferred asset to the extent of any continuing involvement depending on certain criteria. These criteria are discussed in Note Material Accounting Policies and Critical Accounting Estimates. Where financial assets are not eligible to be derecognized the transfers are viewed as secured financing transactions with any consideration received resulting in a corresponding liability. The Group is not entitled to use these financial assets for any other purposes. The most common transactions of this nature entered into by the Group are repurchase agreements securities lending agreements and total return swaps in which the Group retains substantially all of the associated credit equity price interest rate and foreign exchange risks and rewards associated with the assets as well as the associated income streams. 

Score 0.45
The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill as well as gross amounts and accumulated impairment losses of goodwill for the years ended December and December are shown below by cashgenerating units. The Groups business operations are organized under the following divisional structure Corporate Bank Investment Bank Private Bank and Asset Management. The corporate divisions are considered CGUs. Please also refer to Note Business Segments and Related Information for more information regarding changes in the presentation of segment disclosures. 

Score 0.449
Investment Bank revenues are expected to be higher in compared to the prior year. In the division expects the targeted investments made in both FIC Sales Trading and Origination Advisory in the prior year combined with a broader recovery in Origination Advisory market to drive improved performance. FIC Sales Trading revenues are expected to be slightly higher compared to . Rates plans to consolidate its existing position while selectively growing via targeted investments in line with client demand and market opportunities. The Foreign Exchange business will look to further technology development in spot and expand its precious metals offering. The Global Emerging Markets business will continue to further develop its onshore capabilities for example building on the development of Latin America and client workflow solutions globally while selectively expanding its product offering. Credit Trading intends to build on the turnaround in performance seen in the flow business in . The Financing business will continue to optimize the effective deployment of resources and look to maintain our top ranking globally. Origination Advisory revenues are expected to be significantly higher in compared to driven by an expected industry recovery and the impact of investments made in the prior year with the acquisition of Numis bringing benefits across the business. Within Debt Origination the business expects Leveraged Debt Capital Markets to build on the partial recovery it witnessed in the prior year while Investment Grade Debt will look to maintain its robust performance in and benefit from an expected improvement in the industry fee pool in . Equity Origination will continue to provide a competitive offering across products with a specific focus on IPOs. Advisory plans to build on the momentum of targeted investment in including the Numis acquisition which will materially expand the businesses UK client base. Provision for credit losses in are expected to be in a range of to basis points of average loans. Overall provisioning levels are likely to remain elevated as macroeconomic factors that have caused these levels are expected to continue this year. 

Score 0.447
 Gross Carrying Amount numbers per business division are reported after a reallocation of cash balances from business divisions to Corporate Other 

Score 0.446
Corporate Bank Investment Bank Private Bank Asset Management NM Corporate Other NM Total net interest income and net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss 

Score 0.446
Trading Income FIC Sales and Trading Other trading income loss Total trading income loss Net gains losses on nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss Breakdown by financial assets category Debt Securities Equity Securities Loans and loan commitments Deposits Others nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit and loss Total net gains losses on nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss Net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss Breakdown by financial assetliability category Loans and loan commitments Deposits Longterm debt Other financial assetsliabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss Total net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss Total net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss 

Score 0.444
People and Own Operations 

Score 0.443
Segment assets are presented in the Groups internal management reporting based on a consolidated view i.e. the amounts do not include intersegment balances. The Groups internal management reporting does not consider segment liabilities or interest expense separately. Similarly depreciation and amortization tax expenses and other comprehensive income are not presented separately internally and are therefore not disclosed here. NonIFRS compliant accounting methods used in the Groups management reporting represent either valuation or classification differences. The largest valuation differences relate to measurement at fair value in management reporting versus measurement at amortized cost under IFRS and to the recognition of trading results from own shares in revenues in management reporting in Investment Bank and in equity under IFRS. The major classification difference relates to noncontrolling interest which represents the net share of minority shareholders in revenues provision for credit losses noninterest expenses and income tax expenses. Noncontrolling interest is reported as a component of the profit before tax of the businesses in management reporting with a reversal in Corporate Other and a component of net income appropriation under IFRS. Since the Groups business activities are diverse in nature and its operations are integrated certain estimates and judgments have been made to apportion revenue and expense items among the business segments. The management reporting systems allocate the Groups external net interest income according to the value of funding consumed or provided by each business segments activities in accordance with the banks internal funds transfer pricing framework. Furthermore to retain comparability with those competitors that have legally independent units with their own equity funding the Group allocates a net notional interest benefit on its consolidated capital in line with each segments proportion of average shareholders equity. Management uses certain measures for equity and related ratios as part of its internal reporting system because it believes that these measures provide it with a useful indication of the financial performance of the business segments. The Group discloses such measures to provide investors and analysts with further insight into how management operates the Groups businesses and to enable them to better understand the Groups results. 

Score 0.442
AssetsReceivables from banks and customers incl. balances with central banks and debt instruments of publicsector entities Participating interests and investments in affiliated companies Bonds and other securities and equity shares Trading Assets Remaining other assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders EquityLiabilities to banks and customers Liabilities in certificate form Trading liabilities Provisions Capital and reserves Subordinated liabilities Participation rights capital Instruments for Additional Tier Regulatory Capital and Fund for general banking risks Remaining other liabilities Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

Score 0.441
Individual noncurrent assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale if they are available for immediate sale in their present condition subject only to the customary sales terms of such assets and disposal groups and their sale is considered highly probable. For a sale to be highly probable management must be committed to a sales plan and be actively looking for a buyer and has no substantive regulatory approvals outstanding. Furthermore the assets and disposal groups must be actively marketed at a reasonable sales price in relation to their current fair value and the sale should be expected to be completed within one year. Noncurrent nonfinancial assets and disposal groups which meet the criteria for held for sale classification are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs of disposal and are presented within Other assets and Other liabilities in the balance sheet. Financial assets and liabilities meeting the criteria continue to be measured in accordance with IFRS . The comparatives are not represented when noncurrent assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale. 

Score 0.441
Agriculture forestry and fishing Mining and quarrying Manufacturing Electricity gas steam and air conditioning supply Water supply sewerage waste management and remediation activities Construction Wholesale and retail trade repair of motor vehicles and motorcycles Transport and storage Accommodation and food service activities Information and communication Financial and insurance activities Real estate activities Professional scientific and technical activities Administrative and support service activities Public administration and defense compulsory social security Education Human health services and social work activities Arts entertainment and recreation Other service activities Activities of households as employers undifferentiated goods and servicesproducing activities of households for own use Activities of extraterritorial organizations and bodies Gross loans Deferred expenseunearned income Loans less deferred expenseunearned income Less Allowance for loan losses Total loans 

Score 0.437
The Group classifies financial assets in line with the classification and measurement requirements of IFRS where financial assets are classified based on both the business model used for managing the financial assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset known as Solely Payments of Principal and Interest or SPPI. There are three business models available Hold to Collect Financial assets held with the objective to collect contractual cash flows. They are subsequently measured at amortized cost and are recorded in multiple lines on the Groups consolidated balance sheet. Hold to Collect and Sell Financial assets held with the objective of both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets. They are recorded as Financial assets at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income on the Groups consolidated balance sheet. Other Financial assets that do not meet the criteria of either Hold to Collect or Hold to Collect and Sell. They are recorded as Financial Assets at Fair Value through Profit or Loss on the Groups consolidated balance sheet. The assessment of business model requires judgment based on facts and circumstances upon initial recognition. As part of this assessment the Group considers quantitative factors e.g. the expected frequency and volume of sales and qualitative factors such as how the performance of the business model and the financial assets held within that business model are evaluated and reported to the Groups key management personnel. In addition to taking into consideration the risks that affect the performance of the business model and the financial assets held within that business model in particular the way in which those market and credit risks are managed and how managers of the business are compensated e.g. whether the compensation is based on the fair value of the assets managed or on the contractual cash flows collected. This assessment results in an asset being classified in either a Hold to Collect Hold to Collect and Sell or Other business model. If the Group holds a financial asset either in a Hold to Collect or a Hold to Collect and Sell business model then an assessment at initial recognition to determine whether the contractual cash flows of the financial asset are Solely Payments of Principal and Interest on the principal amount outstanding is required to determine the financial asset classification. Contractual cash flows that are SPPI on the principal amount outstanding are consistent with a basic lending arrangement. Interest in a basic lending arrangement is consideration for the time value of money and the credit risk associated with the principal amount outstanding during a particular period of time. It can also include consideration for other basic lending risks e.g. liquidity risk and costs e.g. administrative costs associated with holding the financial asset for a particular period of time and a profit margin that is consistent with a basic lending arrangement. Where cash flows can change over time due to contingent events such as terms where the margin on a loan adjusts depending on the performance of the borrower on certain contractual ESG metrics the contingent event and cash flows are assessed to determine if the instrument cash flows are SPPI. The nature of the contingent event and the size of the possible change in cash flows are taken into account in this assessment on an absolute and relative basis compared to the overall coupon. Additionally as part of the SPPI assessment where the lending is nonrecourse in nature then further assessment is made to determine if the cash flows are consistent with SPPI which is dependent on the nature of the underlying the level of subordination and the contractual cash flows of the instrument held. The Group originates and purchases debt instruments from entities issuing multiple tranches of debt. Where these instruments meet the definition of a contractually linked instruments then further analysis is performed on the cash flows and credit risk exposure of the instrument held as well as the underlying collateral held at purchase and can be held in the future. 

Score 0.437
Revenue is recognized when performance obligations are satisfied. Performance obligation is satisfied by fund performance exceeding a hurdle rate an agreed minimum annual return provided to investors. As of December there were performance obligations to be satisfied of million with a time band of three years from to as of December million with a time band of three years from to from Alternative funds. The decrease of performance obligations to be satisfied was mainly driven by decline in the real estate valuations due to market conditions. As of December and December the Groups balance of receivables from commission and fee income was million and million respectively. As of December and December the Groups balance of contract liabilities associated to commission and fee income was million and million respectively. Contract liabilities arise from the Groups obligation to provide future services to a customer for which it has received consideration from the customer prior to completion of the services. The balances of receivables and contract liabilities do not vary significantly from period to period reflecting the fact that they predominately relate to recurring service contracts with service periods of less than one year such as monthly current account services and quarterly asset management services. As a result prior period balances of contract liabilities are generally recognized in revenue in the subsequent period. Customer payment in exchange for services provided are generally subject to performance by the Group over the specific service period such that the Groups right to payment arises at the end of the service period when its performance obligations are fully completed. Therefore no material balance of contract asset is reported. 

Score 0.435
 Professional services Banking Services and outsourced operations Market Data and Research Services Travel expenses Marketing expenses Other expenses

Score 0.433
For purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows the Groups cash and cash equivalents include highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of change in value. Such investments include cash and balances at central banks and demand deposits with banks. There are various circumstances in which cash and cash equivalent balances held by an entity are not available for use by the Group. Examples include cash and cash equivalent balances held by a subsidiary that operates in a country where exchange controls or other legal restrictions apply such that the balances are not available for general use by the Group or its subsidiaries. The Groups assignment of cash flows to the operating investing or financing category depends on the business model management approach. For the Group the primary operating activity is to manage financial assets and financial liabilities. Therefore the issuance and management of longterm borrowings is a core operating activity which is different than for a nonfinancial company where borrowing is not a principal revenue producing activity and thus is part of the financing category. The Group views the issuance of senior longterm debt as an operating activity. Senior longterm debt comprises structured notes and assetbacked securities which are designed and executed by the Corporate Bank and Investment Bank business line segments and which are revenue generating activities. The other component is debt issued by Treasury which is considered interchangeable with other funding sources. All funding costs are allocated to business activities to establish their profitability. Cash flows related to subordinated longterm debt and trust preferred securities are viewed differently than those related to seniorlong term debt because they are managed as an integral part of the Groups capital primarily to meet regulatory capital requirements. As a result they are not interchangeable with other operating liabilities but can only be interchanged with equity and thus are considered part of the financing category. The amounts shown in the consolidated statement of cash flows do not precisely match the movements in the consolidated balance sheet from one period to the next as they exclude noncash items such as movements due to foreign exchange translation and movements due to changes in the group of consolidated companies. Movements in balances carried at fair value through profit or loss represent all changes affecting the carrying value. This includes the effects of market movements and cash inflows and outflows. The movements in balances carried at fair value are usually presented in operating cash flows. 

Score 0.433
Securities Debt securities Commercial mortgagebacked securities Mortgage and other assetbacked securities Corporate sovereign and other debt securities Equity securities Derivatives Credit Equity Interest related Foreign Exchange Other Loans Loans Other Total 

Score 0.431
 Cashbased Shares or equivalent ownership interests Sharelinked instruments or equivalent noncash instruments Other instruments Other forms Management Board

Score 0.429
 Supplementary information to the consolidated financial statements according to Sections a HGB and the return on assets according to Article a of the German Banking Act 

Score 0.429
 Trading assets and liabilities positive and negative market values from derivative financial instruments net Other net Net cash provided by used in operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Proceeds from Sale of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income Maturities of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income Sale of debt securities held to collect at amortized cost Maturities of debt securities held to collect at amortized cost Sale of equity method investments Sale of property and equipment Purchase of Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income Debt Securities held to collect at amortized cost Equity method investments Property and equipment Net cash received in paid for business combinationsdivestitures Other net Net cash provided by used in investing activities Cash flows from financing activities Issuances of subordinated longterm debt 

Score 0.429
The Group presents interest income and expense calculated using the EIR method separately in the Groups consolidated statement of income. Commissions and fee income The Group applies the IFRS Revenue from Contracts with Customers fivestep revenue recognition model to the recognition of Commissions and Fee Income under which income must be recognized when control of goods and services is transferred hence the contractual performance obligations to the customer has been satisfied. Accordingly after a contract with a customer has been identified in the first step the second step is to identify the performance obligation or a series of distinct performance obligations provided to the customer. The Group must examine whether the service is capable of being distinct and is actually distinct within the context of the contract. A promised service is distinct if the customer can benefit from the service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available to the customer and the promise to transfer the service to the customer is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract. The amount of income is measured on the basis of the contractually agreed transaction price for the performance obligation defined in the contract. If a contract includes a variable consideration the Group estimates the amount of consideration to which it will be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to a customer. Income is recognized in profit and loss when the identified performance obligation has been satisfied. The Group does not present information about its remaining performance obligations if it is part of a contract that has an original expected duration of one year or less. The Group determines the standalone selling price at contract inception of a distinct service underlying each performance obligation in the contract and allocates the transaction price in proportion to those standalone selling prices. The standalone selling price is the price at which DB would sell a promised service separately to a customer on an unbundled basis. The best evidence of a standalone selling price is the observable price of a service when the Group sells that service separately in similar circumstances and to similar customers. If the Group does not sell the service to a customer separately it estimates the standalone selling price at an amount using a suitable method for example in loan syndication transactions the Group applies the requirements for recognition of trade day profit and considers the price at which other market participants provide the same service on an unbundled basis. As such when estimating a standalone selling price the Group considers all information including market conditions that is reasonably available to it. In doing so the Group maximizes the use of observable inputs and applies estimation methods consistently in similar circumstances. The Group provides asset management services that give rise to asset management and performance fees and constitute a single performance obligation. The asset management and performance fee components are variable considerations such that at each reporting date the Group estimates the fee amount to which it will be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised services to the customer. The benefits arising from the asset management services are simultaneously received and consumed by the customer over time. The Group recognizes revenue over time by measuring the progress towards complete satisfaction of that performance obligation subject to the removal of any uncertainty as to whether it is highly probable that a significant reversal in the cumulative amount of revenue recognized would occur or not. For the management fee component this is the end of the monthly or quarterly service period. For performance fees this date is when any uncertainty related to the performance component has been fully removed. Loan commitment fees related to commitments that are accounted for off balance sheet are recognized in commissions and fee income over the life of the commitment if it is unlikely that the Group will enter into a specific lending arrangement. If it is probable that the Group will enter into a specific lending arrangement the loan commitment fee is deferred until the origination of a loan and recognized as an adjustment to the loans effective interest rate. Commissions and Fee Income predominantly earned from services that are received and consumed by the customer over time Administration assets under management foreign commercial business loan processing and guarantees sundry other customer services. The Group recognizes revenue from these services over time by measuring the progress towards complete satisfaction of that performance obligation subject to the removal of any uncertainty as to whether it is highly probable that a significant reversal in the cumulative amount of revenue recognized would occur or not. Commissions and Fee Income predominantly earned from providing services at a point in time or transactiontype services include other securities underwriting and advisory fees brokerage fees local payments foreign currency exchange business and intermediary fees. Expenses that are directly related and incremental to the generation of Commissions and Fee Income are presented net in Commissions and Fee Income in the Consolidated Statement of Income. This includes income and associated expense where the Group contractually owns the performance obligation i.e. as Principal in relation to the service that gives rise to the revenue and associated expense. In contrast it does not include situations where the Group does not contractually own the performance obligation and is acting as agent. The determination of whether the Group is acting as principal or agent is based on the contractual terms of the underlying service arrangement. The gross Commissions and Fee Income and Expense amounts are disclosed in Note Commissions and Fee Income. 

Score 0.429
Financial assets classified as held for trading Trading assets Trading securities Other trading assets

Score 0.426
Compensation and benefits General and administrative expenses Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets NM NM Restructuring activities NM NM Total noninterest expenses NM Not meaningful 

Score 0.426
Financial assets are classified at fair value through profit or loss if they are held in the Other business model because they are either held for trading or because they do not meet the criteria for Hold to Collect or Hold to Collect and Sell. In addition it includes financial assets that meet the criteria for Hold to Collect or Hold to Collect and Sell business model but the financial asset fails SPPI or where the Group designated the financial assets under the fair value option. Financial assets classified as Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are measured at fair value with realized and unrealized gains and losses included in Net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss. Interest on interest earning assets such as trading loans and debt securities and dividends on equity instruments are presented in Interest and Similar Income. The Group applies trade date accounting to financial assets classified at fair value through profit or loss.Trading assets Financial assets are classified as held for trading if they have been originated acquired or incurred principally for the purpose of selling or repurchasing them in the near term or they form part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that are managed together and for which there is evidence of a recent actual pattern of shortterm profittaking. Trading assets include debt and equity securities derivatives held for trading purposes and trading loans. This also includes loan commitments that are allocated to the Other business model and that are presented as derivatives held for trading. 

Score 0.425
Client business expertise

Score 0.423
Within the balance sheet noncurrent assets and disposal groups held for sale are included in other assets and other liabilities. 

Score 0.423
Carrying amount of transferred assets Trading securities not derecognized due to the following transactions Repurchase agreements Securities lending agreements Total return swaps Other Total trading securities Other trading assets Nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income Loans at amortized cost

Score 0.422
Consolidated net revenues comprise interest and similar income interest expenses and total noninterest income including net commission and fee income revenues are attributed to countries based on the location in which the Groups booking office is located the location of a transaction on the Groups books is sometimes different from the location of the headquarters or other offices of a customer and different from the location of the Groups personnel who entered into or facilitated the transaction where the Group records a transaction involving its staff and customers and other third parties in different locations frequently depends on other considerations such as the nature of the transaction regulatory considerations and transaction processing considerations 

Score 0.422
Other financial assets include million of other trading assets . billion of other nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value and million other financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 

Score 0.422
 AsiaPacific thereof residential thereof hospitality thereof retail Weighted average LTV in Investment Bank Corporate Bank Other Business Provision for Credit Losses

Score 0.419
Statutory contractual or regulatory requirements as well as protective rights of noncontrolling interests might restrict the ability of the Group to access and transfer assets freely to or from other entities within the Group and to settle liabilities of the Group. The following contractual restrictions impact the Groups ability to use assets and the table below reflects the volume of those restricted assets The Group has pledged assets to collateralize its obligations under repurchase agreements securities financing transactions collateralized loan obligations and for margining purposes for OTC derivative liabilities The assets of consolidated structured entities are held for the benefit of the parties that have bought the notes issued by these entities 

Score 0.418
Considering clearly defined and governed adjustments for relevant Profit and Loss items e.g. business restructurings impairments of goodwill or intangibles 

Score 0.418
The following section is a discussion of the results of the business segments. Please refer to Note Business Segments and related information to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding Changes in the format of the banks segment disclosure The framework of the banks management reporting systems Deutsche Banks segment reporting follows the organizational structure as reflected in the Groups internal management reporting systems which are the basis for assessing the financial performance of the business segments and for allocating resources to them. The segmentation is based on the structure of the Group as of December . Prior years comparatives were aligned to the presentation in the current year. 

Score 0.417
Trading income Net gains losses on nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss NM NM Net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss NM NM Total net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss 

Score 0.416
Net revenues Fixed Income Currency FIC Sales Trading Debt Origination Equity Origination Advisory Origination Advisory Other NM NM Total net revenues Provision for credit losses NM Noninterest expenses Compensation and benefits General and administrative expenses Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets NM NM Restructuring activities NM Total noninterest expenses Noncontrolling interests NM Profit loss before tax Employees front office fulltime equivalent

Score 0.415
Trading assets Positive market values from derivative financial instruments Nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss Of which Securities purchased under resale agreement Securities borrowed Loans Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets at fair value through OCI Of which Securities purchased under resale agreement Securities borrowed Loans Total financial assets at fair value through OCI Financial guarantees and other credit related contingent liabilities Revocable and irrevocable lending commitments and other credit related commitments Total offbalance sheet Maximum exposure to credit risk 

Score 0.415
Brokerage and securities related receivables Cashmargin receivables Receivables from prime brokerage Pending securities transactions past settlement date Receivables from unsettled regular way trades Total brokerage and securities related receivables Debt Securities held to collect Accrued interest receivable Assets held for sale Assets related to insurance business Other Total other assets 

Score 0.414
Net Income loss Cash flows from operating activities Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by used in operating activities Provision for credit losses Restructuring activities Gain on sale of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income equity method investments and other Deferred income taxes net Impairment depreciation and other amortization and accretion Share of net income from equity method investments Income loss adjusted for noncash charges credits and other items Adjustments for net change in operating assets and liabilities Interestearning time deposits with central banks and banks Central bank funds sold securities purchased under resale agreements securities borrowed NonTrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit and loss Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss Loans at amortized cost Other assets Deposits Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss and investment contract liabilities

Score 0.414
 Cashbased Shares or equivalent ownership interests Sharelinked instruments or equivalent noncash instruments Other instruments Other forms Senior management

Score 0.414
 Provision for credit losses Noninterest expenses Compensation and benefits General and administrative expenses Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets Restructuring activities Total noninterest expenses Noncontrolling interests Profit loss before tax Assets in bn

Score 0.414
 in m. unless stated otherwise Corporate Bank Investment Bank Private Bank Asset Manage ment Corporate Other Total Consolidated 

Score 0.414
Real Estate Activities thereof nonrecourse thereof stresstested portfolio Other industry sectors nonrecourse thereof stresstested portfolio Total nonrecourse CRE portfolio thereof stresstested portfolio 

Score 0.413
II Letter from the Chief Executive OfficerV	Management BoardVI 	Letter from the Chairman of the Supervisory BoardVIII	Report of the Supervisory Board XVII	Supervisory BoardXVIII 	CommitteesXXI	Strategy

Score 0.413
II Letter from the Chief Executive OfficerV	Management BoardVI	Letter from the Chairman of the Supervisory BoardVIII	Report of the Supervisory Board XVII	 Supervisory BoardXVIII	 CommitteesXXI	Strategy

Score 0.413
 includes Commissions and fees from fiduciary activities Commissions for administration Commissions for assets under management Commissions for other securities business Total Commissions brokers fees markups on securities underwriting and other securities activities Underwriting and advisory fees Brokerage fees Total Fees for other customer services Total commissions and fee income 

Score 0.413
Deutsche Bank Business segments 

Score 0.413
Staff expenses and operating costs 

Score 0.411
 Other Assets and Other Liabilities 

Score 0.411
Deutsche Banks segment reporting follows the organizational structure as reflected in the Groups internal management reporting systems which are the basis for assessing the financial performance of the business segments and for allocating resources to them. The banks business operations are organized under the divisional structure comprising the following corporate divisions Corporate Bank Investment Bank Private Bank Asset Management Corporate Other The Group consists of the following reportable segments Corporate Bank Investment Bank Private Bank Asset Management and Corporate Other. Corporate Bank reports revenues in the categories Corporate Treasury Services Institutional Client Services and Business Banking. Investment Bank reports revenues in the categories Fixed Income Currency Sales Trading and Origination Advisory as well as Other. Private Bank reports revenues in the categories Private Bank Germany and International Private Bank. Within International Private Bank revenues are reported in the categories Wealth Management Bank for Entrepreneurs and Premium Banking. By year end International Private Bank materially completed the winddown of the majority of legacy assets and liabilities associated with Sal. Oppenheim. Remaining assets or liabilities are not expected to have material financial impacts going forward and will be included in the normal course of the client segment Wealth Management Bank for Entrepreneurs. The associated disclosure of specific revenues items was discontinued starting in the first quarter of . Asset Management reports revenues in the categories Management Fees Performance and Transaction Fees and Other. Corporate Other includes revenues costs and resources held centrally that are not allocated to the individual business segments as well as valuation and timing differences that arise on derivatives used to hedge the Groups balance sheet. These are accounting impacts and valuation losses are expected to be recovered over time as the underlying instruments approach maturity. In addition Corporate Other contains financial impacts of legacy portfolios previously reported as the Capital Release Unit. As announced in the Annual Report having fulfilled the Capital Release Units derisking and cost reduction mandate from through year end the Capital Release Unit ceased to be reported as a separate segment with effect from the first quarter of . The remaining portfolio resources and employees are reported within the Corporate Other segment. In line with the change the Core Bank which previously represented the Group excluding the Capital Release Unit ceased to be reported as of the first quarter of . In addition based on management decisions during the reporting period further divisional changes were introduced. The prior years segmental information is presented in the current structure. 

Score 0.411
Operational Risk Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes people and systems or from external events. The definition used for the purposes of determining operational provisions differs from the risk management definition as it excludes risk of loss resulting from civil litigation and regulatory enforcement matters. For risk management purposes operational risk includes legal risk as payments to customers counterparties and regulatory bodies in civil litigations or regulatory enforcement matters constitute loss events for operational shortcomings but excludes business and reputational risk. Civil Litigation provisions arise out of current or potential claims or proceedings alleging noncompliance with contractual or other legal or regulatory responsibilities which have resulted or may result in demands from customers counterparties or other parties in civil litigations. Regulatory Enforcement provisions arise out of current or potential claims or proceedings alleging noncompliance with legal or regulatory responsibilities which have resulted or may result in an assessment of fines or penalties by governmental regulatory agencies selfregulatory organizations or other enforcement authorities. Restructuring provisions arise out of restructuring activities. The Group aims to enhance its longterm competitiveness through major reductions in costs duplication and complexity in the years ahead. For details see Note Restructuring. Other provisions include several specific items arising from a variety of different circumstances including the provision for the reimbursement of loan processing fees deferred sales commissions provisions for bank levies and mortgage repurchase demands. 

Score 0.411
 Employees businessaligned operations fulltime equivalent

Score 0.411
Net revenues Management fees Performance and transaction fees Other NM Total net revenues Provision for credit losses NM Noninterest expenses Compensation and benefits General and administrative expenses Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets NM NM Restructuring activities Total noninterest expenses Noncontrolling interests Profit loss before tax Employees front office fulltime equivalent

Score 0.41
The Groups entitywide disclosures include net revenues from internal and external counterparties. Excluding revenues from internal counterparties would require disproportionate IT investment and is not in line with the Banks management approach. For details of the net revenue components please see Management Report Operating and Financial Review Results of Operations Corporate Divisions. The following table presents total net revenues before provision for credit losses by geographic area for the years ended December and respectively. The information presented for Corporate Bank Investment Bank Private Bank and Asset Management has been classified based primarily on the location of the Groups office in which the revenues are recorded. The information for Corporate Other is presented on a global level only as management responsibility for Corporate Other is held centrally. 

Score 0.41
Total assets Deduct Derivatives incl. hedging derivatives credit line netting Deduct Derivatives cash collateral received paid Deduct Securities Financing Transactions credit line netting Deduct Pending settlements netting Net assets adjusted 

Score 0.408
The content in this chapter should be read in conjunction with the respective group sections in this Annual Report especially Risk Report Outlook Risks and Opportunities and Internal control over financial reporting. 

Score 0.408
 Payments in respect to settlements AcquisitionsDivestitures Exchange rate changes Other Plan administration costs Balance end of year Funded status end of year Change in irrecoverable surplus asset ceiling Balance beginning of year Interest cost Changes in irrecoverable surplus Exchange rate changes Balance end of year Net asset liability recognized 

Score 0.408
but not the consolidated financial statements not the group management report disclosures whose content is audited and not our auditors report thereon. Our opinions on the annual financial statements and on the group management report do not cover the other information and consequently we do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance conclusion thereon. In connection with our audit our responsibility is to read the other information referred to above and in so doing to consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements the disclosures in the group management report whose content was audited or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If based on the work we have performed we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard. 

Score 0.407
Balance beginning of year Movements in financial assets including new business and credit extensions Transfers due to changes in creditworthiness NM Changes due to modifications that did not result in derecognition NM NM NM NM NM Changes in models Financial assets that have been derecognized during the period Recovery of written off amounts Foreign exchange and other changes Balance end of reporting period Provision for Credit Losses excluding country risk 

Score 0.406
 Corporate Other reported a loss before tax of . billion in compared to a loss before tax of . billion in reflecting higher revenues and lower noninterest expenses. Net revenues were positive million in compared to negative million in . Revenues related to valuation and timing differences were positive million in compared to negative million in the yearonyear improvement driven by market moves and the reversion of prior period losses. Net revenues relating to funding and liquidity were negative million in versus negative million in . Noninterest expenses were million in a reduction of million or compared to . The reduction was primarily driven by positive million litigation releases in compared to a charge of million in . Expenses associated with shareholder activities as defined in the OECD Transfer Pricing guidelines not allocated to the business divisions were million in versus million in . Noncontrolling interests are deducted from the profit before tax of the divisions and reversed in Corporate Other. These amounted to million in compared to million in mainly related to DWS. Corporate Other reported a loss before tax of . billion in compared to a loss before tax of . billion in primarily reflecting higher negative net revenues. Net revenues were negative million in compared to negative million in . Revenues related to valuation and timing differences were negative million in compared to positive million in . Net revenues relating to funding and liquidity were negative million in versus negative million in . Noninterest expenses were . billion in compared to . billion in a reduction of year on year. This reduction was primarily driven by legacy portfolios reflecting lower internal service charges and a decline in direct compensation and noncompensation costs. Expenses associated with shareholder activities as defined in the OECD Transfer Pricing guidelines not allocated to the business divisions were million in versus million in . Noncontrolling interests are deducted from the profit before tax of the divisions and reversed in Corporate Other. These amounted to million in compared to million in mainly related to DWS. 

Score 0.406
 SPV I Sociedad Annima Cerrada Lima Financial Institution . SPV II Sociedad Annima Cerrada Lima Ancillary Services Undertaking . Style City Limited Dublin Financial Institution Sunrise Turnaround Partners G.K. Tokyo Financial Institution . Swabia Designated Activity Company Dublin Other Enterprise Swabia . VermgensbesitzGmbH Frankfurt Financial Institution . Tagus Sociedade de Titularizao de Creditos S.A. Lisbon Other Enterprise . Tasman NZ Residential Mortgage Trust Auckland Other Enterprise Tech Venture Growth Portfolio F.C.R. Madrid Financial Institution . Tech Venture Growth S.C.R. S.A. Madrid Financial Institution . Timing Chance Multi Asset Income Frankfurt Other Enterprise . Trave Properties S. r.l. en faillite Luxembourg Other Enterprise . VCJ Lease S. r.l. Luxembourg Other Enterprise . Vermgensfondmandat Flexible teilgeschtzt Luxembourg Other Enterprise Waltzfire Limited Dublin Financial Institution Wedverville Spain S.L. Madrid Other Enterprise Wendelstein UG haftungsbeschrnkt Frankfurt Other Enterprise WHMR LLC Wilmington Other Enterprise . Xtrackers IE Public Limited Company Dublin Other Enterprise . Xtrackers II Luxembourg Other Enterprise . Zumirez Drive LLC Wilmington Ancillary Services Undertaking .

Score 0.406
Transfers in and transfers out of Level are related to changes in observability of input parameters. During the year they are recorded at their fair value at the beginning of year. For instruments transferred into Level the table shows the gains and losses and cash flows on the instruments as if they had been transferred at the beginning of the year. Similarly for instruments transferred out of Level the table does not show any gains or losses or cash flows on the instruments during the year since the table is presented as if they have been transferred out at the beginning of the year 

Score 0.405
Depreciation expenses impairment losses and reversal of impairment losses on property and equipment are recorded within general and administrative expenses for the income statement. The carrying value of items of property and equipment on which there is a restriction on sale was million and million as of December and December respectively. Commitments for the acquisition of property and equipment were million at yearend and million at yearend . The Group leases many assets including land and buildings vehicles and IT equipment for which it records rightofuse assets. During additions to rightofuse assets amounted to million and largely reflected new real estate leases. Depreciation charges of million recognized in mainly resulted from planned consumption of rightofuse assets for property leases over their contractual terms. The carrying amount of rightofuse assets of . billion included in Total Property and equipment as of December predominantly represented leased properties of . billion and vehicle leases of million. For more information on the Groups leased properties and related disclosures required under IFRS please refer to Note Leases. 

Score 0.404
Includes noncurrent assets and disposal groups held for sale The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Score 0.404
Business line breakdowns have been updated for reporting to better reflect the current business structure 

Score 0.404
Corporate Bank CB . . . Investment Bank IB . . . Private Bank PB . . . Asset Management AM . . . Infrastructure . . . Corporate Other . . . 

Score 0.402
Balance beginning of year Movements in financial assets including new business and credit extensions Transfers due to changes in creditworthiness Changes due to modifications that did not result in derecognition NM NM NM NM NM Changes in models Financial assets that have been derecognized during the period Recovery of written off amounts Foreign exchange and other changes Balance end of reporting period Provision for Credit Losses excluding country risk 

Score 0.402
Revenues DVA Sal. Oppenheim workout International Private Bank Gain on sale Financial Advisors business Italy International Private Bank Total Specific revenue items Revenues excluding specific items 

Score 0.402
Positive and Negative Market Values from Derivative Instruments categorized in this level of the fair value hierarchy are valued based on one or more significant unobservable parameters. The unobservable parameters may include certain correlations certain longerterm volatilities certain prepayment rates credit spreads and other transactionspecific parameters. Level derivatives include certain options where the volatility is unobservable certain basket options in which the correlations between the referenced underlying assets are unobservable longerterm interest rate option derivatives multicurrency foreign exchange derivatives and certain credit default swaps for which the credit spread is not observable. The decrease in assets during the period are driven by net transfers between Level and Level due to changes in the observability of input parameters used to value these instruments and settlements partially offset by gains. The decrease in liabilities during the period are driven by net transfers between Level and Level due to changes in the observability of input parameters used to value these instruments and settlements partially offset by losses. Other Trading Instruments classified in Level of the fair value hierarchy mainly consist of traded loans valued using valuation models based on one or more significant unobservable parameters. The increase in the period is driven by purchases and issuances net transfers between Level and Level due to changes in the observability of input parameters used to value these instruments and gains partially offset by sales and settlements. Nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or lossclassified in Level of fair value hierarchy include any nontrading financial asset that does not fall into the Hold to Collect nor Hold to Collect and Sell business models. This includes predominately reverse repurchase agreements which are managed on a fair value basis. Additionally any financial asset that falls into the Hold to Collect or Hold to Collect and Sell business models for which the contractual cash flow characteristics are not SPPI. The decrease in the period is driven by settlements and sales net transfers between Level and Level due to changes in the observability of input parameters used to value these instruments and losses partially offset by purchases and issuances.Financial AssetsLiabilities designated at Fair Value through Profit or Loss Certain corporate loans and structured liabilities which were designated at fair value through profit or loss under the fair value option were categorized in this level of the fair value hierarchy. The corporate loans are valued using valuation techniques which incorporate observable credit spreads recovery rates and unobservable utilization parameters. Revolving loan facilities are reported in the third level of the hierarchy because the utilization in the event of the default parameter is significant and unobservable. In addition certain hybrid debt issuances designated at fair value through profit or loss containing embedded derivatives are valued based on significant unobservable parameters. These unobservable parameters include single stock volatility correlations. The decrease in assets during the period is driven by settlements. The increase in liabilities during the period is driven by issuances and losses partially offset by net transfers between Level and Level due to changes in the observability of input parameters used to value these instruments and settlements. Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income include nonperforming loan portfolios where there is no trading intent and the market is very illiquid. The increase in the period is driven by purchases and issuances partially offset by sales and settlements net transfers between Level and Level due to changes in the observability of input parameters used to value these instruments and losses. 

Score 0.402
Brokerage and securities related payables Cashmargin payables Payables from prime brokerage Pending securities transactions past settlement date Payables from unsettled regular way trades Total brokerage and securities related payables Accrued interest payable Liabilities held for sale Lease liabilities Liabilities related to insurance business Other Total other liabilities 

Score 0.401
Total trading assets as of December and December of . billion and . billion are comprised primarily of . billion and . billion in securitizations and . billion and . billion in funds structured entities respectively. The Groups interests in securitizations are collateralized by the assets contained in these entities. Where the Group holds fund units these are typically in regard to market making in funds or otherwise serve as hedges for notes issued to clients. Moreover the credit risk arising from loans made to third party funding structured entities is mitigated by the collateral received. Nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss includes reverse repurchase agreements to funds which comprise the majority of the interests in this category and are collateralized by the underlying securities. Loans as of December and December consist of . billion and . billion investment in securitization tranches and financing to third party funding entities. The Groups financing to third party funding entities is collateralized by the assets in those structured entities. Other assets as of December and December of . billion and . billion respectively consist primarily of cash margin balances. Pending Receivable balances are not included in this disclosure note due to the fact that these balances arise from typical customer supplier relationships out of e.g. brokerage type activities and their inherent volatility would not provide users of the financial statements with effective information about Deutsche Banks exposures to structured entities. 

Score 0.401
Excluding Asset Management and Corporate Other 

Score 0.401
Amounts in this table are generally presented on a gross basis in line with the Groups accounting policy regarding offsetting of financial instruments as described in Note Material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates 

Score 0.4
Amounts generally presented on a gross basis in line with the Groups accounting policy regarding offsetting of financial instruments as described in Note Material Accounting Policies and Critical Accounting Estimates 

Score 0.4
 Advising on data privacy laws rules and regulation and maintaining Deutsche Bank Groups data privacy risk and control framework Ensuring appropriate quality assurance in relation to all of the above Deutsche Banks New Product Approval and Systematic Product Review processes form a control framework designed to manage the risks associated with new products and services and their lifecycle management these processes are overseen by Product Governance within the NonFinancial Risk function existing products and services are reviewed in one to three year cycles designed to assess whether they remain fit for purpose and consistent with their respective target markets characteristics and objectives each product or service must be sponsored by a business Managing Director who bears ultimate accountability for it breaches of the New Product Approval requirements are in scope of the banks Red Flag consequence management process NFRM is the Risk Type Controller for a number of operational resilience risks its mandate includes second line oversight of controls over transaction processing activities as well as infrastructure risks to prevent technology or process disruption maintain the confidentiality integrity and availability of data records and information security and ensure business divisions and infrastructure functions have robust plans in place to recover critical business processes and functions in the event of disruption including technical or building outage or the effects of cyberattack or natural disaster as well as any physical security or safety risk NFRM Risk Type Controller also manages the risks arising from the banks internal and external vendor engagements via the provision of a comprehensive third party risk management framework 

Score 0.152
 Weighted average fair value per award granted in year Weighted average share price at release exercise in year Weighted average remaining contractual life in years Weighted average fair value per award granted in the year Weighted average share price at release exercise in year Weighted average remaining contractual life in years 

Score 0.211
Outstanding at beginning of year . . Granted Issued or Exercised . . Forfeited . . Expired . . Other Movements . . Outstanding at end of year . . Of which exercisable . . 

Score 0.255
The Group sponsors a number of postemployment benefit plans on behalf of its employees both defined contribution plans and defined benefit plans. The Groups plans are accounted for based on the nature and substance of the plan. Generally for defined benefit plans the value of a participants accrued benefit is based on each employees remuneration and length of service contributions to defined contribution plans are typically based on a percentage of each employees remuneration. The rest of this note focuses predominantly on the Groups defined benefit plans. The Groups defined benefit plans are primarily described on a geographical basis reflecting differences in the nature and risks of benefits as well as in the respective regulatory environments. In particular the requirements set by local regulators can vary significantly and determine the design and financing of the benefit plans to a certain extent. Key information is also shown based on participant status which provides a broad indication of the maturity of the Groups obligations. 

Score 0.175
For outstanding awards a year exercise period applies following vestingretention period 

Score 0.253
The fair value of outstanding sharebased awards was approximately million and million as of December and respectively. Of the awards approximately millionand million has been recognized in the income statement up to the period ending and respectively of which million and million as of December and relate to fully vested awards. Total unrecognized expense related to sharebased plans was approximately million and millionas of December and respectively dependent on future share price development. The fair value of the DWS Stock Appreciation Rights Plan awards have been measured using the generalized BlackScholes model. The liabilities incurred are remeasured at the end of each reporting period until settlement. The principal inputs being the market value on reporting date discounted for any dividends foregone over the holding periods of the award and adjustment for expected and actual levels of vesting which includes estimating the number of eligible employees leaving the Group and number of employees eligible for early retirement. The inputs used in the measurement of the fair values at grant date and measurement date were as follows. 

Score 0.053
Given there is no liquid market for implied volatility of DWS shares the calculation of DWS share price volatility is based on year historical data for DWS and a comparable peer group. 