Scores_s_OTHER SERVICE ACTIVITIESScore 0.554
Agriculture forestry and fishing Mining and quarrying Manufacturing Electricity gas steam and air conditioning supply Water supply sewerage waste management and remediation activities Construction Wholesale and retail trade repair of motor vehicles and motorcycles Transport and storage Accommodation and food service activities Information and communication Financial and insurance activities Real estate activities Professional scientific and technical activities Administrative and support service activities Public administration and defense compulsory social security Education Human health services and social work activities Arts entertainment and recreation Other service activities Activities of households as employers undifferentiated goods and services producing activities of households for own use Activities of extraterritorial organizations and bodies Total 

Score 0.552
Agriculture forestry and fishing Mining and quarrying Manufacturing Electricity gas steam and air conditioning supply Water supply sewerage waste management and remediation activities Construction Wholesale and retail trade repair of motor vehicles and motorcycles Transport and storage Accommodation and food service activities Information and communication Financial and insurance activities Real estate activities Professional scientific and technical activities Administrative and support service activities Public administration and defense compulsory social security Education Human health services and social work activities Arts entertainment and recreation Other service activities Activities of households as employers undifferentiated goods and servicesproducing activities of households for own use Activities of extraterritorial organizations and bodies Total 

Score 0.504
Agriculture forestry and fishing Mining and quarrying Manufacturing Electricity gas steam and air conditioning supply Water supply sewerage waste management and remediation activities Construction Wholesale and retail trade repair of motor vehicles and motorcycles Transport and storage Accommodation and food service activities Information and communication Financial and insurance activities Real estate activities Professional scientific and technical activities Administrative and support service activities Public administration and defense compulsory social security Education Human health services and social work activities Arts entertainment and recreation Other service activities Activities of households as employers undifferentiated goods and servicesproducing activities of households for own use Activities of extraterritorial organizations and bodies Gross loans Deferred expenseunearned income Loans less deferred expenseunearned income Less Allowance for loan losses Total loans 

Score 0.468
 AsiaPacific thereof residential thereof hospitality thereof retail Weighted average LTV in Investment Bank Corporate Bank Other Business Provision for Credit Losses

Score 0.468
Classes of Provisions 

Score 0.456
 Financial assets that have been derecognized during the period Recovery of written off amounts Foreign exchange and other changes Balance end of reporting period Provision for Credit Losses excluding country risk 

Score 0.451
 Pension allowance Fringe benefits Total fixed compensation Variable compensation components Deferred variable compensation thereof Restricted Incentive Awards Restricted Incentive Award Sign On Restricted Incentive Award for Restricted Incentive Award for Restricted Incentive Award for Restricted Incentive Award for thereof Equity Awards Fringe benefits 

Score 0.448
 Noncompete payment Pension allowance Fringe benefits Total fixed compensation Variable compensation components Deferred variable compensation thereof Restricted Incentive Awards Restricted Incentive Award Sign On Restricted Incentive Award for Restricted Incentive Award for Restricted Incentive Award for Restricted Incentive Award for thereof Equity Awards Fringe benefits Total variable compensation Total compensation 

Score 0.443
 Pension allowance Fringe benefits Total fixed compensation Variable compensation components Deferred variable compensation thereof Restricted Incentive Awards Restricted Incentive Award Sign On Restricted Incentive Award for Restricted Incentive Award for Restricted Incentive Award for Restricted Incentive Award for thereof Equity Awards Fringe benefits Total variable compensation Total compensation 

Score 0.439
Brokerage and securities related receivables Cashmargin receivables Receivables from prime brokerage Pending securities transactions past settlement date Receivables from unsettled regular way trades Total brokerage and securities related receivables Debt Securities held to collect Accrued interest receivable Assets held for sale Assets related to insurance business Other Total other assets 

Score 0.438
General and administrative expenses Information Technology Occupancy furniture and equipment expenses Regulatory Tax Insurance

Score 0.437
Compensation and benefits General and administrative expenses Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets NM NM Restructuring activities NM NM Total noninterest expenses NM Not meaningful 

Score 0.437
Severance related items under Service Costs are reclassified to Expenses for Severance payments 

Score 0.436
Corporate Functions

Score 0.434
Members of the Management Board Annual contribution in the year Interest credit in the year Account balance end of year Service cost IFRS in the year Present value of the defined benefit obligation IFRS end of year in Christian Sewing James von Moltke Fabrizio Campelli Claudio de Sanctis

Score 0.434
Securities Debt securities Commercial mortgagebacked securities Mortgage and other assetbacked securities Corporate sovereign and other debt securities Equity securities Derivatives Credit Equity Interest related Foreign Exchange Other Loans Loans Other Total 

Score 0.431
Excluding the acceleration of expenses for deferred compensation awards not yet amortized. Severance related items under Service Costs were reclassified to Expense for Severance payments 

Score 0.429
 includes Information Technology Occupancy furniture and equipment expenses Regulatory tax insurance

Score 0.422
 Fringe benefits Total fixed compensation Variable compensation components Deferred variable compensation thereof Restricted Incentive Awards Restricted Incentive Award Sign On Restricted Incentive Award for Restricted Incentive Award for Restricted Incentive Award for Restricted Incentive Award for thereof Equity Awards Fringe benefits Total variable compensation Total compensation 

Score 0.422
Includes noncurrent assets and disposal groups held for sale The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Score 0.422
Revenue is recognized when performance obligations are satisfied. Performance obligation is satisfied by fund performance exceeding a hurdle rate an agreed minimum annual return provided to investors. As of December there were performance obligations to be satisfied of million with a time band of three years from to as of December million with a time band of three years from to from Alternative funds. The decrease of performance obligations to be satisfied was mainly driven by decline in the real estate valuations due to market conditions. As of December and December the Groups balance of receivables from commission and fee income was million and million respectively. As of December and December the Groups balance of contract liabilities associated to commission and fee income was million and million respectively. Contract liabilities arise from the Groups obligation to provide future services to a customer for which it has received consideration from the customer prior to completion of the services. The balances of receivables and contract liabilities do not vary significantly from period to period reflecting the fact that they predominately relate to recurring service contracts with service periods of less than one year such as monthly current account services and quarterly asset management services. As a result prior period balances of contract liabilities are generally recognized in revenue in the subsequent period. Customer payment in exchange for services provided are generally subject to performance by the Group over the specific service period such that the Groups right to payment arises at the end of the service period when its performance obligations are fully completed. Therefore no material balance of contract asset is reported. 

Score 0.421
Liability items as of December 

Score 0.419
Trading assets Positive market values from derivative financial instruments Nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss Of which Securities purchased under resale agreement Securities borrowed Loans Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets at fair value through OCI Of which Securities purchased under resale agreement Securities borrowed Loans Total financial assets at fair value through OCI Financial guarantees and other credit related contingent liabilities Revocable and irrevocable lending commitments and other credit related commitments Total offbalance sheet Maximum exposure to credit risk 

Score 0.419
Brokerage and securities related payables Cashmargin payables Payables from prime brokerage Pending securities transactions past settlement date Payables from unsettled regular way trades Total brokerage and securities related payables Accrued interest payable Liabilities held for sale Lease liabilities Liabilities related to insurance business Other Total other liabilities 

Score 0.418
Deferred tax assets Unused tax losses Unused tax credits Deductible temporary differences Trading activities including derivatives Employee benefits including equity settled share based payments Accrued interest expense Loans and borrowings including allowance for loans Leases Intangible Assets Fair value OCI IFRS Other assets Other provisions Other liabilities Total deferred tax assets pre offsetting Deferred tax liabilities Taxable temporary differences Trading activities including derivatives Employee benefits including equity settled share based payments Loans and borrowings including allowance for loans Leases Intangible Assets Fair value OCI IFRS Other assets Other provisions Other liabilities Total deferred tax liabilities pre offsetting 

Score 0.418
Real Estate Activities thereof nonrecourse thereof stresstested portfolio Other industry sectors nonrecourse thereof stresstested portfolio Total nonrecourse CRE portfolio thereof stresstested portfolio 

Score 0.417
Securities purchased under resale agreement Debt securities German government U.S. Treasury and U.S. government agencies U.S. local municipal governments Other foreign governments Corporates Other assetbacked securities Mortgagebacked securities including obligations of U.S. federal agencies Other debt securities Total debt securities Loans Total financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 

Score 0.417
Trading Income FIC Sales and Trading Other trading income loss Total trading income loss Net gains losses on nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss Breakdown by financial assets category Debt Securities Equity Securities Loans and loan commitments Deposits Others nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit and loss Total net gains losses on nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss Net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss Breakdown by financial assetliability category Loans and loan commitments Deposits Longterm debt Other financial assetsliabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss Total net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss Total net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss 

Score 0.415
Other service contract provisions

Score 0.414
Business segments 

Score 0.413
 Provision for credit losses Noninterest expenses Compensation and benefits General and administrative expenses Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets Restructuring activities Total noninterest expenses Noncontrolling interests Profit loss before tax Assets in bn

Score 0.411
Set forth below are descriptions of civil litigation and regulatory enforcement matters or groups of matters for which the Group has taken material provisions or for which there are material contingent liabilities that are more than remote or for which there is the possibility of material business or reputational risk as well as other significant matters similar matters are grouped together and some matters consist of a number of proceedings or claims. The disclosed matters also include matters for which the possibility of a loss is more than remote but for which the Group cannot reliably estimate the possible loss. Matters are presented below in Englishlanguage alphabetical order based on the titles the Group has used for them. 

Score 0.411
Collateral received Debt securities Equity instruments Other collateral received 

Score 0.41
Within the balance sheet noncurrent assets and disposal groups held for sale are included in other assets and other liabilities. 

Score 0.41
Fixed compensation components Base salary Noncompete payment Pension allowance Fringe benefits Total fixed compensation Variable compensation components Deferred variable compensation thereof Restricted Incentive Awards Restricted Incentive Award Sign On Restricted Incentive Award for Restricted Incentive Award for Restricted Incentive Award for Restricted Incentive Award for thereof Equity Awards Fringe benefits Total variable compensation Total compensation 

Score 0.41
Deposits from banks Deposits from other wholesale customers CDs and CP ABCP Senior nonpreferred plain vanilla Senior preferred plain vanilla Senior structured Covered bondsABS Subordinated liabilities Other Total Of which Secured Unsecured 

Score 0.409
 Corporate Treasury Services Institutional Client Services Business Banking Corporate Bank FIC Sales Trading Remaining Products Investment Bank Private Bank Germany International Private Bank Private Bank Asset Management Corporate Other Total net interest income and net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss 

Score 0.409
 Total financial assets at amortized cost Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss Trading assets Positive market values from derivative financial instruments Nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss Of which Securities purchased under resale agreement Securities borrowed Loans Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets at fair value through OCI Of which Securities purchased under resale agreement Securities borrowed Loans Total financial assets at fair value through OCI Financial guarantees and other credit related contingent liabilities Revocable and irrevocable lending commitments and other credit related commitments Total offbalance sheet Maximum exposure to credit risk 

Score 0.408
Including expenses for new hire awards and the acceleration of expenses not yet amortized due to the discontinuation of employment including those amounts which are recognized as part of the Groups restructuring expenses 

Score 0.407
The Group receives collateral primarily in reverse repurchase agreements securities lending agreements derivatives transactions customer margin loans and other transactions. These transactions are generally conducted under terms that are usual and customary for standard secured lending activities and the other transactions described. The Group as the secured party has the right to sell or repledge such collateral subject to the Group returning equivalent securities upon completion of the transaction. This right is used primarily to cover short sales securities loaned and securities sold under repurchase agreements. 

Score 0.407
Revenues excluding specific items is a performance indicator that is a nonGAAP financial measure most directly comparable to the IFRS financial measure net revenues. Revenues excluding specific items is calculated by adjusting net revenues under IFRS for specific revenue items which generally fall outside the usual nature or scope of the business and are likely to distort an accurate assessment of the divisional operating performance. Excluded items are Debt Valuation Adjustment DVA and material transactions or events that are either oneoff in nature or belong to a portfolio of connected transactions or events where the PL impact is limited to a specific period of time. The Group believes that a presentation of net revenues excluding the impact of these items provides a more meaningful depiction of the revenues associated with the business. 

Score 0.407
 Other credit risk related transactions Allowance for loan losses Provision for loan losses Guarantees and commitments 

Score 0.406
Included are senior longterm debt issuances of . billion and . billion and repayments and extinguishments of . billion and million through December and December respectively 

Score 0.406
 Property and Equipment 

Score 0.406
Property and equipment 

Score 0.405
For further details on the assets and liabilities held for sale please refer to Note NonCurrent Assets and Disposal Groups Held for Sale. 

Score 0.405
Individual noncurrent assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale if they are available for immediate sale in their present condition subject only to the customary sales terms of such assets and disposal groups and their sale is considered highly probable. For a sale to be highly probable management must be committed to a sales plan and be actively looking for a buyer and has no substantive regulatory approvals outstanding. Furthermore the assets and disposal groups must be actively marketed at a reasonable sales price in relation to their current fair value and the sale should be expected to be completed within one year. Noncurrent nonfinancial assets and disposal groups which meet the criteria for held for sale classification are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs of disposal and are presented within Other assets and Other liabilities in the balance sheet. Financial assets and liabilities meeting the criteria continue to be measured in accordance with IFRS . The comparatives are not represented when noncurrent assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale. 

Score 0.405
Statutory contractual or regulatory requirements as well as protective rights of noncontrolling interests might restrict the ability of the Group to access and transfer assets freely to or from other entities within the Group and to settle liabilities of the Group. The following contractual restrictions impact the Groups ability to use assets and the table below reflects the volume of those restricted assets The Group has pledged assets to collateralize its obligations under repurchase agreements securities financing transactions collateralized loan obligations and for margining purposes for OTC derivative liabilities The assets of consolidated structured entities are held for the benefit of the parties that have bought the notes issued by these entities 

Score 0.404
Deposits Central bank funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements Securities loaned Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss Other shortterm borrowings Other liabilities Provisions Liabilities for current tax Longterm debt Trust preferred securities Total liabilities before deferred tax liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Total liabilities 

Score 0.403
 NonCurrent Assets and Disposal Groups Held for Sale 

Score 0.401
Excludes Debt securities and Equity instruments separately disclosed above Dec Fair value of collateral received Unencumbered assets in bn. unless stated otherwise Assets Encumbered assets Readily available Other 

Score 0.161
Members of the Executive Board oneoff IPO related award granted in March 

Score 0.038
Measurement date Dec Measurement date Dec 

Score 0.159
Members of the Executive Board months

Score 0.1
Annual Award Upfront Vesting immediately at grant

Score 0.246
Regulated employees RetentionNew HireOffCycle

Score 0.26
The fair value of outstanding sharebased awards was approximately million and million as of December and respectively. Of the awards approximately millionand million has been recognized in the income statement up to the period ending and respectively of which million and million as of December and relate to fully vested awards. Total unrecognized expense related to sharebased plans was approximately million and millionas of December and respectively dependent on future share price development. The fair value of the DWS Stock Appreciation Rights Plan awards have been measured using the generalized BlackScholes model. The liabilities incurred are remeasured at the end of each reporting period until settlement. The principal inputs being the market value on reporting date discounted for any dividends foregone over the holding periods of the award and adjustment for expected and actual levels of vesting which includes estimating the number of eligible employees leaving the Group and number of employees eligible for early retirement. The inputs used in the measurement of the fair values at grant date and measurement date were as follows. 

Score 0.328
Individual specification Select employees to attract and retain the best talent Severance Individual specification Regulatory requirement for certain employees to defer severance payments Annual Awards months

Score 0.217
DWS Equity Plan . . . . . . DWS SAR Plan na . . na . . 

Score 0.133
Select employees as annual performancebased months

Score 0.133
 Weighted average fair value per award granted in year Weighted average share price at release exercise in year Weighted average remaining contractual life in years Weighted average fair value per award granted in the year Weighted average share price at release exercise in year Weighted average remaining contractual life in years 

Score 0.253
Annual Awards Senior Management months

Score 0.339
Individual specification Select employees to attract and retain the best talent Severance Individual specification Regulatory requirement for certain employees to defer severance payments Performance Share Unit Award March 

Score 0.322
Outstanding at beginning of year . . Granted Issued or Exercised . . Forfeited . . Expired . . Other Movements . . Outstanding at end of year . . Of which exercisable . . 

Score 0.251
 Performance Share Unit Award March 

Score 0.171
DWS Equity Plan DWS SAR Plan Share units in thousands Number of Awards Number of Awards Number of Awards Weightedaverage exercise price Number of Awards Weightedaverage exercise price 

Score 0.138
The following table sets out the movements in share award units. 

Score 0.323
OffCycle awards to nonInstVV regulated employees only 

Score 0.119
Select Senior Managers oneoff IPO related award March 

Score 0.201
SAR Award oneoff IPO related award For nonMRTs June 

Score 0.225
all DWS employees

Score 0.196
For MRTs March 

Score 0.244
For outstanding awards a year exercise period applies following vestingretention period 

Score 0.225
Depending on their individual regulatory status a six month retention period AIFMDUCITS MRTs or a twelve month retention period InstVV or IFD MRTs starting from applies after vesting 

Score 0.256
Unless the employee received Performance Share Unit Award 

Score 0.092
Units in thousands Fair value . . Share price . . Exercise price . . Expected volatility weightedaverage Expected life weightedaverage in years . . Expected dividends of income 

Score 0.228
 Annual Report 

Score 0.024
Given there is no liquid market for implied volatility of DWS shares the calculation of DWS share price volatility is based on year historical data for DWS and a comparable peer group. 

Score 0.16
Reconciliation in Movement of Liabilities and Assets Impact on Financial Statements 

Score 0.355
Change in the present value of the defined benefit obligation Balance beginning of year Defined benefit cost recognized in Profit Loss Current service cost Interest cost Past service cost and gain or loss arising from settlements Defined benefit cost recognized in Other Comprehensive Income Actuarial gain or loss arising from changes in financial assumptions Actuarial gain or loss arising from changes in demographic assumptions Actuarial gain or loss arising from experience Cash flow and other changes Contributions by plan participants Benefits paid Payments in respect to settlements AcquisitionsDivestitures Exchange rate changes Other Balance end of year thereof Unfunded Funded Change in fair value of plan assets Balance beginning of year Defined benefit cost recognized in Profit Loss Interest income Defined benefit cost recognized in Other Comprehensive Income Return from plan assets less interest income Cash flow and other changes Contributions by plan participants Contributions by the employer

Score 0.276
 Benefits paid

Score 0.376
 Payments in respect to settlements AcquisitionsDivestitures Exchange rate changes Other Plan administration costs Balance end of year Funded status end of year Change in irrecoverable surplus asset ceiling Balance beginning of year Interest cost Changes in irrecoverable surplus Exchange rate changes Balance end of year Net asset liability recognized 

Score 0.186
Fair value of reimbursement rights 

Score 0.233
Net Amount includes reimbursement of benefit payments

Score 0.206
For funded plans only 

Score 0.292
 Thereof million recognized in Other assets and million in Other liabilities 

Score 0.227
 Employee Benefits in m. Germany UK U.S. Other Total 

Score 0.331
Change in the present value of the defined benefit obligation Balance beginning of year Defined benefit cost recognized in Profit Loss Current service cost Interest cost Past service cost and gain or loss arising from settlements Defined benefit cost recognized in Other Comprehensive Income Actuarial gain or loss arising from changes in financial assumptions Actuarial gain or loss arising from changes in demographic assumptions Actuarial gain or loss arising from experience Cash flow and other changes Contributions by plan participants Benefits paid

Score 0.374
 Payments in respect to settlements AcquisitionsDivestitures Exchange rate changes Other Balance end of year thereof Unfunded Funded Change in fair value of plan assets Balance beginning of year Defined benefit cost recognized in Profit Loss Interest income Defined benefit cost recognized in Other Comprehensive Income Return from plan assets less interest income Cash flow and other changes Contributions by plan participants Contributions by the employer

Score 0.247
Net Amount includes reimbursement of benefit payments and a forgiven benefit payment from 

Score 0.292
Thereof million recognized in Other assets and million in Other liabilities 

Score 0.371
The Group has a reimbursement right of around million domiciled in France on December . This relates to the surplus of the previous CRPB Fund which was identified in that can be used to fund the retirement indemnity payments for the DB AG Branch Paris. There are no other reimbursement rights for the Group. 

Score 0.061
Investment Strategy 

Score 0.192
The Groups investment objective is to protect the Group from adverse impacts of its defined benefit pension plans on key financial metrics. The primary focus is to protect the plans IFRS funded status in the case of adverse market scenarios. Since there has been a shift in the investment strategy in selected markets to balance competing key financial metrics. Investment managers manage pension assets in line with investment mandates or guidelines as agreed with the pension plans trustees and investment committees. For key defined benefit plans for which the Group aims to protect the IFRS funded status the Group applies a liability driven investment approach. Risks from mismatches between fluctuations in the present value of the defined benefit obligations and plan assets due to capital market movements are minimized subject to balancing relevant tradeoffs. This is achieved by allocating plan assets closely to the market risk factor exposures of the pension liability to interest rates credit spreads and inflation. Thereby plan assets broadly reflect the underlying risk profile and currency of the pension obligations. Where the desired hedging level for market risks cannot be achieved with physical instruments i.e. corporate and government bonds derivatives are employed. Derivative overlays mainly include interest rate inflation swaps and credit default swaps. Other instruments are also used such as interest rate futures and options. In practice a completely hedged approach is impractical for instance because of insufficient market depth for ultralongterm corporate bonds as well as liquidity and cost considerations. Therefore plan assets contain further returnseeking asset categories such as equity real estate high yield bonds or emerging markets bonds to create longterm value and achieve diversification benefits. Furthermore this shift in the investment strategy allows for actively taken market risk exposures from interest rates and credit spreads within defined limits governed by the Pensions Committee. As a result the market risk from plan assets has been reduced. In the Group entered into a buyin transaction with a third party insurer to derisk million of exposure to the UK defined benefit pension schemes funded from existing assets with no additional employer contribution required. The recognition of the insurance policy as a qualifying plan asset negatively impacted Other Comprehensive Income in the Groups financial statement by approximately million. A similar buyin transaction to derisk million of exposure occurred in which negatively impacted Other Comprehensive Income in the Groups financial statement by approximately million. In total the Group has entered into four buyin transactions in the UK with thirdparty insurers protecting the Group from movements in defined benefit obligations of around . billion as at December . 

Score 0.106
Plan asset allocation to key asset classes 

Score 0.275
The following table shows the asset allocation of the Groups funded defined benefit plans to key asset classes i.e. exposures include physical securities in discretely managed portfolios and underlying asset allocations of any commingled funds used to invest plan assets. Asset amounts in the following table include both quoted i.e. Level assets in accordance with IFRS amounts invested in markets where the fair value can be determined directly from prices which are quoted in active liquid markets and other i.e. Level and assets in accordance with IFRS assets. 

Score 0.252
 Employee Benefits Dec Dec in m. Germany UK U.S. Other Total Germany UK U.S. Other Total 

Score 0.305
Cash and cash equivalents Equity instruments

Score 0.157
 Investmentgrade bonds

Score 0.295
Government Nongovernment bonds Noninvestmentgrade bonds Government Nongovernment bonds Securitized and other Debt Investments Insurance Alternatives Real estate Commodities Private equity Other