Scores_h_TRANSPORTATION AND STORAGEScore 0.503
the carrying value of items of property and equipment on which there is a restriction on sale was million and million as of december and december respectively.  commitments for the acquisition of property and equipment were million at yearend and million at yearend .  the group leases many assets including land and buildings vehicles and it equipment for which it records rightofuse assets.  during additions to rightofuse assets amounted to million and largely reflected new real estate leases

Score 0.49
the infrastructure functions are organized into the following areas of responsibility linked to a dedicated member of the management board chief executive office chief financial office chief risk office chief administration office technology data and innovation chief operating office cb ib operations and controls infrastructure also includes communications corporate social responsibility chief sustainability office regional management group audit legal business selection and conflicts office compliance anti financial crime global procurement global real estate and human resources.  for and costs relating to infrastructure functions were allocated using an actual to plan approach.  from the first quarter of the bank introduced a driverbased cost management methodology for the allocation of costs originated in applicable infrastructure functions.  the new approach aims to provide transparency over the drivers of infrastructure costs and links costs closely to service consumption by segments

Score 0.46
for and costs relating to infrastructure functions were allocated using an actual to plan approach.  from the first quarter of the bank introduced a driverbased cost management methodology for the allocation of costs originated in applicable infrastructure functions.  the new approach aims to provide transparency over the drivers of infrastructure costs and links costs closely to service consumption by segments.  whilst in the allocations to the corporate divi sions continued to be based on planned allocations except for technology development costs which are charged to divisions based on actual expenditures from infrastructure costs will all be charged to divisions based on actual costs and service consu mption in support of the banks continued focus on cost discipline

Score 0.456
the carrying amount of rightofuse assets of .  billion included in total property and equipment as of december predominantly represented leased properties of .  billion and vehicle leases of million .  for more information on the groups leased properties and related disclosures required under ifrs please refer to note leases

Score 0.452
driverbased cost management allocations methodology change as disclosed in the annual report the group implemented the driverbased cost management allocations from the first quarter of .  the new methodology aims to provide greater transparency over the drivers of infrastructure costs and links costs more closely to service consumption by segments.  this change did not affect the groups costincome ratio and retur n on tangible equity metrics but does impact these per business segment.  therefore priorperiod information is presented in the current structure resulting in an increase in noninterest expenses corresponding decrease in profit before tax for corpora te bank of million for investment bank of million for private bank of million for asset management of million with a corresponding decrease in noninterest expenses corresponding reduction in loss before tax for corporate other o f million for the full year

Score 0.452
owner occupied properties furniture and equipment leasehold improvements constructioninprogress property and equipment owned ias rightofuse for leased assets ifrs total cost of acquisition balance as of january changes in the group of consolidated companies additions transfers reclassifications tofrom held for sale disposals exchange rate changes balance as of december changes in the group of consolidated companies additions transfers reclassifications tofrom held for sale disposals exchange rate changes balance as of december accumulated depreciation and impairment balance as of january changes in the group of consolidated companies depreciation impairment losses reversals of impairment losses transfers reclassifications tofrom held for sale disposals exchange rate changes balance as of december changes in the group of consolidated companies depreciation impairment losses reversals of impairment losses transfers reclassifications tofrom held for sale disposals exchange rate changes balance as of december carrying amount balance as of december balance as of december deutsche bank notes to the consolidated balance sheet annual report property and equipment depreciation expenses impairment losses and reversal of impairment losses on property and equipment are recorded within general and administrative expenses for the income statement.  the carrying value of items of property and equipment on which there is a restriction on sale was million and million as of december and december respectively.  commitments for the acquisition of property and equipment were million at yearend and million at yearend .  the group leases many assets including land and buildings vehicles and it equipment for which it records rightofuse assets

Score 0.452
intermodal finance i ltd.  george town other enterprise .  isaac newton s.  r

Score 0.449
infrastructure .  .  .  corporate other

Score 0.449
asset management am .  .  .  infrastructure

Score 0.447
grundstücksgesellschaft frankfurt bockenheimer landstraße gbr troisdorf other enterprise .  grundstücksgesellschaft kerpensindorf vogelrutherfeld gbr troisdorf other enterprise .  grundstücksgesellschaft köln oppenheimstraße gbr troisdorf ancillary services undertaking .  grundstücksgesellschaft wiesbaden luisenstraßekirchgasse gbr troisdorf other enterprise

Score 0.446
ltd.  singapore ancillary services undertaking .  deutsche leasing new york corp.  new york ancillary services undertaking

Score 0.445
singapore ancillary services undertaking .  deutsche leasing new york corp.  new york ancillary services undertaking .  deutsche mexico holdings s

Score 0.443
from the first quarter of the bank introduced a driverbased cost management methodology for the allocation of costs originated in applicable infrastructure functions.  the new approach aims to provide transparency over the drivers of infrastructure costs and links costs closely to service consumption by segments.  whilst in the allocations to the corporate divi sions continued to be based on planned allocations except for technology development costs which are charged to divisions based on actual expenditures from infrastructure costs will all be charged to divisions based on actual costs and service consu mption in support of the banks continued focus on cost discipline.  significant capital expenditures and divestitures information on each corporate divisions significant capital expenditures and divestitures for the last three financial years has been inc luded in the above descriptions of the corporate divisions

Score 0.443
dec dec brokerage and securities related receivables cashmargin receivables receivables from prime brokerage pending securities transactions past settlement date receivables from unsettled regular way trades total brokerage and securities related receivables debt securities held to collect accrued interest receivable assets held for sale assets related to insurance business other total other assets in m.  dec dec brokerage and securities related payables cashmargin payables payables from prime brokerage pending securities transactions past settlement date payables from unsettled regular way trades total brokerage and securities related payables accrued interest payable liabilities held for sale lease liabilities liabilities related to insurance business other total other liabilities for further details on the assets and liabilities held for sale please refer to note noncurrent assets and disposal groups held for sale.  deposits in m.  dec dec noninterestbearing demand deposits interestbearing deposits demand deposits time deposits savings deposits total interestbearing deposits total deposits deutsche bank notes to the consolidated ba lance sheet annual report provisions provisions movements by class of provisions in m

Score 0.438
u.  madrid ancillary services undertaking .  db chestnut holdings limited george town ancillary services undertaking .  db commodity financing limited london ancillary services undertaking

Score 0.437
objekt rolandufer kg i. l.  berlin financial institution .  intermodal finance i ltd

Score 0.435
grundstücksgesellschaft kerpensindorf vogelrutherfeld gbr troisdorf other enterprise .  grundstücksgesellschaft köln oppenheimstraße gbr troisdorf ancillary services undertaking .  grundstücksgesellschaft wiesbaden luisenstraßekirchgasse gbr troisdorf other enterprise .  immobilienfonds bürocenter erfurt am flughafen bindersleben i gbr troisdorf other enterprise

Score 0.434
postbank immobilien gmbh hameln other enterprise .  postbank leasing gmbh bonn financial institution .  prof.  weber gmbh mannheim other enterprise

Score 0.432
grundstücksgesellschaft köln oppenheimstraße gbr troisdorf ancillary services undertaking .  grundstücksgesellschaft wiesbaden luisenstraßekirchgasse gbr troisdorf other enterprise .  immobilienfonds bürocenter erfurt am flughafen bindersleben i gbr troisdorf other enterprise .  immobilienfonds wohn und geschäftshaus kölnblumenberg v gbr troisdorf other enterprise

Score 0.43
the group is not entitled to use these financial assets for any other purposes.  the most common transactions of this nature entered into by the group are repurchase agreements securities lending agreements and total return swaps in which the group retains substantially all of th e associated credit equity price interest rate and foreign exchange risks and rewards associated with the assets as well as the associated income streams.  information on asset types and associated transactions that did not qualify for derecognition in m.  dec dec carrying amount of transferred assets trading securities not derecognized due to the following transactions repurchase agreements securities lending agreements total return swaps other total trading securities other trading assets nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income loans at amortized cost others total carrying amount of associated liabilities other traded loans where the associated liability is recourse only to the transferred assets had carrying value and fair valu e of million and million as at december and december respectively

Score 0.43
db commodity financing limited london ancillary services undertaking .  db corporate advisory malaysia sdn.  bhd.  kuala lumpur financial institution

Score 0.429
infrastructure fulltime employees realignment in the third quarter of approximately ftes moved from corporate other to the operating business segments driven by the banks decision that the chief operat ing office will no longer be a separate management board function.  accordingly businessrelated parts of chief operating office that support the investment bank and the corporate bank which were previously run in infrastructure moved to those divisions.  comparative segmental financial information is presented accordingly.  this change did not result in a material financial impact at a segment level as costs are allocated from corpor ate other to the operating business segments that are using the service of the respective infrastructure functions and with this move the costs are directly incurred by the divisions rather than being charged to corporate other

Score 0.429
madrid ancillary services undertaking .  db chestnut holdings limited george town ancillary services undertaking .  db commodity financing limited london ancillary services undertaking .  db corporate advisory malaysia sdn

Score 0.427
unless stated otherwise corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management corporate other total consolidated major type of services commissions for administration commissions for assets under management commissions for other securities underwriting and advisory fees brokerage fees commissions for local payments commissions for foreign commercial business commissions for foreign currencyexchange business commissions for loan processing and guarantees intermediary fees fees for sundry other customer services total fee and commissions income gross expense net fees and commissions prior years comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year revenue is recognized when performance obligations are satisfied.  performance obligation is satisfied by fund performance exceeding a hurdle rate an agreed minimum annual return provided to investors.  as of december there were performance obligat ions to be satisfied of million with a time band of three years from to as of december million with a time band of three years from to from alternative funds.  the decrease o f performance obligations to be satisfied was mainly driven by decline in the real estate valuations due to market conditions

Score 0.425
at amortized cost at fair value through pl at fair value through oci at amortized cost at fair value through pl at fair value through oci agriculture forestry and fishing mining and quarrying manufacturing electricity gas steam and air conditioning supply water supply sewerage waste management and remediation activities construction wholesale and retail trade repair of motor vehicles and motorcycles transport and storage accommodation and food service activities information and communication financial and insurance activities real estate activities professional scientific and technical activities administrative and support service activities public administration and defense compulsory social security education human health services and social work activities arts entertainment and recreation other service activities activities of households as employers undifferentiated goods and servicesproducing activities of households for own use activities of extraterritorial organizations and bodies total includes stage and stage poci loans at amortized cost amounting to .  billion as of december includes stage and stage poci loans at fair value through oci amounting to .  million as of december includes stage and stage poci offbalance sheet exposur e amounting to .  billion as of december includes the effect of netting agreements and cash collateral received where applicable

Score 0.425
the exposure value of regularway purchases and sales awaiting settlement is determined as offset between those cash receivables and cash payables where the related regularway sal es and purchases are both settled on a deliveryversus payment basis.  assets can be excluded from the leverage ratio exposure measure if they have been deducted in the determination of tier capital.  the corresponding regulatory adjustments are reflected in the asset amounts deducted in determining tier capital component.  the following tables show the leverage ratio exposure and the leverage ratio

Score 0.424
as of december and december the groups balance of receivables from commission and fee income was million and million respectively.  as of december and december the groups balance of contract liabilities associated to commission and fee income was million and million respectively.  contract liabilities arise from the groups obligation to provide future services to a customer for which it has received consideration from the customer prior to completion of the services.  the balances of receivables and contract liabilities do not vary significantly from period to period reflecting the fact that they predominately relate to recurring service contracts with service periods of le ss than one year such as monthly current account services and quarterly asset management services

Score 0.424
the new methodology aims to provide greater transparency over the drivers of infrastructure costs and links costs more closely to service consumption by segments.  this change did not affect the groups costincome ratio and retur n on tangible equity metrics but does impact these per business segment.  therefore priorperiod information is presented in the current structure resulting in an increase in noninterest expenses corresponding decrease in profit before tax for corpora te bank of million for investment bank of million for private bank of million for asset management of million with a corresponding decrease in noninterest expenses corresponding reduction in loss before tax for corporate other o f million for the full year .  strategic liquidity reserve profit and loss allocation commencing from the first quarter of the methodology for divisional intrayear allocations of profit or loss earned on the strategic liquidity reserves ha s been refined

Score 0.424
new york ancillary services undertaking .  deutsche mexico holdings s.  r. l

Score 0.424
the decrease o f performance obligations to be satisfied was mainly driven by decline in the real estate valuations due to market conditions.  as of december and december the groups balance of receivables from commission and fee income was million and million respectively.  as of december and december the groups balance of contract liabilities associated to commission and fee income was million and million respectively.  contract liabilities arise from the groups obligation to provide future services to a customer for which it has received consideration from the customer prior to completion of the services

Score 0.422
deutsche global markets limited tel aviv ancillary services undertaking .  deutsche group holdings sa proprietary limited johannesburg financial institution .  deutsche group services pty limited sydney ancillary services undertaking .  deutsche grundbesitzanlagegesellschaft mit beschränkter haftung frankfurt other enterprise

Score 0.421
property and equipment property and equipment includes ownuse properties leasehold improvements furniture and equipment and software operating systems only.  rightofuse assets are presented together with property and equipmen t on the groups consolidated balance sheet.  ownuse properties are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.  depreciation is generally recognized using the straightline method over the estimated useful lives of the assets

Score 0.42
included in this category are securities borrow ed or purchased under resale agreements and positive market value from derivatives.  similarly for loans and other advances to customers these would only be viewed as readily available to the ext ent they are already in a prepackaged transferrable format and have not already been used to generate funding.  this represents the most conservative view given that an element of such loans currently shown in other assets could be packaged into a format that would be suitable for use to generate funding.  encumbere d and unencumbered assets dec carrying value unencumbered assets in bn

Score 0.419
the group leases many assets including land and buildings vehicles and it equipment for which it records rightofuse assets.  during additions to rightofuse assets amounted to million and largely reflected new real estate leases.  depreciation charges of million recognized in mainly resulted from planned consumption of rightofuse assets for property leases over their contractual terms.  the carrying amount of rightofuse assets of

Score 0.419
julians ancillary services undertaking .  lockwood invest s. l.  madrid financial institution london industrial leasing limited london financial institution

Score 0.419
bonn ancillary services undertaking .  pcc services gmbh der deutschen bank essen ancillary services undertaking .  plantation bay inc.  st

Score 0.419
deutsche knowledge services pte.  ltd.  singapore ancillary services undertaking .  deutsche leasing new york corp

Score 0.419
the vehicles fund these purchases by issuing multiple tranches of debt and equity securities the repayment of which is linked to the performance of the assets in the vehicles.  the group may transfer assets to these securitization vehicles an d provides financial support to these entities in the form of liquidity facilities.  the group also invests and provides liquidity facilities to third party sponsored securitization vehicl es.  the securitization vehicles that are not consolidated into the gr oup are those where the group does not hold the power or ability to unilaterally remove the servicer or special servicer who has been delegated power over the activities of the entity

Score 0.419
at amortized cost at fair value through pl at fair value through oci at amortized cost at fair value through pl at fair value through oci agriculture forestry and fishing mining and quarrying manufacturing electricity gas steam and air conditioning supply water supply sewerage waste management and remediation activities construction wholesale and retail trade repair of motor vehicles and motorcycles transport and storage accommodation and food service activities information and communication financial and insurance activities real estate activities professional scientific and technical activities administrative and support service activities public administration and defense compulsory social security education human health services and social work activities arts entertainment and recreation other service activities activities of households as employers undifferentiated goods and servicesproducing activities of households for own use activities of extraterritorial organizations and bodies total includes stage and stage poci loans at amortized cost amounting to .  billion as of december includes stage and stage poci loans at fair value through oci a mounting to .  million as of december includes stage and stage poci offbalance sheet exposure amounting to .  billion as of december includes the effect of netting agreements and cash collateral received where applicable

Score 0.418
trade information network limited london other enterprise .  traxpay gmbh frankfurt other enterprise .  triton beteiligungs s.  r

Score 0.416
commitments for the acquisition of property and equipment were million at yearend and million at yearend .  the group leases many assets including land and buildings vehicles and it equipment for which it records rightofuse assets.  during additions to rightofuse assets amounted to million and largely reflected new real estate leases.  depreciation charges of million recognized in mainly resulted from planned consumption of rightofuse assets for property leases over their contractual terms

Score 0.416
the most common transactions of this nature entered into by the group are repurchase agreements securities lending agreements and total return swaps in which the group retains substantially all of th e associated credit equity price interest rate and foreign exchange risks and rewards associated with the assets as well as the associated income streams.  information on asset types and associated transactions that did not qualify for derecognition in m.  dec dec carrying amount of transferred assets trading securities not derecognized due to the following transactions repurchase agreements securities lending agreements total return swaps other total trading securities other trading assets nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income loans at amortized cost others total carrying amount of associated liabilities other traded loans where the associated liability is recourse only to the transferred assets had carrying value and fair valu e of million and million as at december and december respectively.  the associated liabilities had the same carrying value and fair value which resulted in a net position of million and million as at december and december respectively carrying value of assets transferred to the group has continuing involvement in m

Score 0.415
grundstücksgesellschaft wiesbaden luisenstraßekirchgasse gbr troisdorf other enterprise .  immobilienfonds bürocenter erfurt am flughafen bindersleben i gbr troisdorf other enterprise .  immobilienfonds wohn und geschäftshaus kölnblumenberg v gbr troisdorf other enterprise .  istron beteiligungs und verwaltungsgmbh cologne ancillary services undertaking

Score 0.415
tabular disclosure of contractual obligations cash payment requirements outstanding as of december .  contractual obligations payment due by period in m.  total less than year years years more than years longterm debt obligations trust preferred securities longterm financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss future cash outflows not reflected in the measurement of lease liabilities lease liabilities purchase obligations longterm deposits other longterm liabilities total includes interest payments contractual payment date or first call date longterm debt and longterm deposits designated at fair value through profit or loss for further detail please refer to note leases purchase obligations for goods and services include future payments for among other things information tech nology services and facility management.  some figures above for purchase obligations represent minimum contractual payments and actual future payments may be higher

Score 0.415
postbank leasing gmbh bonn financial institution .  prof.  weber gmbh mannheim other enterprise .  pt deutsche sekuritas indonesia jakarta financial institution

Score 0.415
berlin financial institution .  intermodal finance i ltd.  george town other enterprise .  isaac newton s

Score 0.414
pcc services gmbh der deutschen bank essen ancillary services undertaking .  plantation bay inc.  st.  thomas other enterprise

Score 0.413
new york financial institution .  grundstücksgesellschaft frankfurt bockenheimer landstraße gbr troisdorf other enterprise .  grundstücksgesellschaft kerpensindorf vogelrutherfeld gbr troisdorf other enterprise .  grundstücksgesellschaft köln oppenheimstraße gbr troisdorf ancillary services undertaking

Score 0.413
carrying value of the groups assets pledged as collateral for liabilities or contingent liabilities in m.  dec dec financial assets at fair value through profit or loss financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income loans other total excludes assets pledged as collateral from transactions that do not result in liabilities or contingent liabilities total assets pledged to creditors available for sale or repledge in m.  dec dec financial assets at fair value through profit or loss financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income loans other total includes assets pledged as collateral from transactions that do not result in liabilities or contingent liabilities the group receives collateral primarily in reverse repurchase agreements securities lending agreements derivatives transactions customer margin loans and other transactions.  these transactions are generally conducted under terms that are usual and customary for s tandard secured lending activities and the other transactions described

Score 0.412
where financial assets are not eligible to be derecognized the transfers are viewed as secured financing transactions with any consideration received resulting in a corresponding liability.  the group is not entitled to use these financial assets for any other purposes.  the most common transactions of this nature entered into by the group are repurchase agreements securities lending agreements and total return swaps in which the group retains substantially all of th e associated credit equity price interest rate and foreign exchange risks and rewards associated with the assets as well as the associated income streams.  information on asset types and associated transactions that did not qualify for derecognition in m

Score 0.412
plant machinery ships and aircraft and real estate typically fall into this category all financial collateral is regularly mostly daily revalued and measured against th e respective credit exposure the value of other collateral including real estate is monitored based upon established processes that includes regular reviews or revaluations by internal andor external experts unfunded credit protection like guarantees which complement the counterpartys ability to fulfill its obligation under the legal contract and as such is provided by uncorrelated third parties.  letters of credit insurance contracts export credit insurance guarantees credit derivatives and unfun ded risk participations typically fall into this category.  guarantees and strong letters of comfort provided by correlated group members of customers generally the parent company may also be accepted and considered in approved rating approaches guarant ee collateral with a noninvestment grade rating of the guarantor is limited deutsche banks processes seek to ensure that the collateral accepted for risk mitigation purposes is of high quality.  this includes processes to generally ensure legally effectiv e and enforceable documentation for realizable and measurable collateral or assets which are evaluated within the onboarding process by dedicated internal appraisers or teams with the respective qualification skills and experience or adequate external va luers mandated in regulated processes

Score 0.412
financial assets and liabilities meeting the criteria continue to b e measured in accordance with ifrs .  the comparatives are not represented when noncurrent assets and disposal groups are classi fied as held for sale.  property and equipment property and equipment includes ownuse properties leasehold improvements furniture and equipment and software operating systems only.  rightofuse assets are presented together with property and equipmen t on the groups consolidated balance sheet

Score 0.41
maintenance and repairs are also charged to general and administrative expenses.  gains and losses on disposals are included in other income.  property and equipment are assessed for any indication of impairment at each quarterly reporting date.  if such indication exists the recoverable amount which is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use must be estimated and an impairment charge is recorded to the extent the recoverable amount is less than the carrying amount

Score 0.41
noncurrent nonfinancial assets and disposal groups which meet the criteria for held for sale classification are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs of disposal and are presented wit hin other assets and other liabilities in the balance sheet.  financial assets and liabilities meeting the criteria continue to b e measured in accordance with ifrs .  the comparatives are not represented when noncurrent assets and disposal groups are classi fied as held for sale.  property and equipment property and equipment includes ownuse properties leasehold improvements furniture and equipment and software operating systems only

Score 0.409
deposits from private individuals as well as small and mediumsized enterprises.  among other things secured liabilities and derivatives liabilities are generally excluded as well.  debt instruments with embedded derivative features can be included under certain conditions e. g

Score 0.409
deutsche gesellschaft für immobilienleasing mit beschränkter haftung duesseldorf financial institution .  deutsche global markets limited tel aviv ancillary services undertaking .  deutsche group holdings sa proprietary limited johannesburg financial institution .  deutsche group services pty limited sydney ancillary services undertaking

Score 0.408
l.  berlin financial institution .  intermodal finance i ltd.  george town other enterprise

Score 0.407
fair value of collateral received in m.  dec dec securities and other financial assets accepted as collateral of which collateral sold or repledged deutsche bank notes to the consolidated balance sheet annual report property and equipment property and equipment in m.  owner occupied properties furniture and equipment leasehold improvements constructioninprogress property and equipment owned ias rightofuse for leased assets ifrs total cost of acquisition balance as of january changes in the group of consolidated companies additions transfers reclassifications tofrom held for sale disposals exchange rate changes balance as of december changes in the group of consolidated companies additions transfers reclassifications tofrom held for sale disposals exchange rate changes balance as of december accumulated depreciation and impairment balance as of january changes in the group of consolidated companies depreciation impairment losses reversals of impairment losses transfers reclassifications tofrom held for sale disposals exchange rate changes balance as of december changes in the group of consolidated companies depreciation impairment losses reversals of impairment losses transfers reclassifications tofrom held for sale disposals exchange rate changes balance as of december carrying amount balance as of december balance as of december deutsche bank notes to the consolidated balance sheet annual report property and equipment depreciation expenses impairment losses and reversal of impairment losses on property and equipment are recorded within general and administrative expenses for the income statement.  the carrying value of items of property and equipment on which there is a restriction on sale was million and million as of december and december respectively

Score 0.407
information on asset types and associated transactions that did not qualify for derecognition in m.  dec dec carrying amount of transferred assets trading securities not derecognized due to the following transactions repurchase agreements securities lending agreements total return swaps other total trading securities other trading assets nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income loans at amortized cost others total carrying amount of associated liabilities other traded loans where the associated liability is recourse only to the transferred assets had carrying value and fair valu e of million and million as at december and december respectively.  the associated liabilities had the same carrying value and fair value which resulted in a net position of million and million as at december and december respectively carrying value of assets transferred to the group has continuing involvement in m.  dec dec carrying amount of the original assets transferred trading securities nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss carrying amount of the assets continued to be recognized trading securities nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss carrying amount of associated liabilities deutsche bank notes to the consolidated balance sheet annual report transfer of financial assets assets pledged and received as collateral the group could retain some exposure to the future performance of a transferred asset either through new or existing contractual rights and obligations and still be eligible to derecognize the asset

Score 0.407
wilmington ancillary services undertaking .  havbell designated activity company dublin other enterprise histria inversiones designated activity company dublin financial institution infrastructure debt fund s. c. sp

Score 0.406
to .  per postbank share and the settlement amount pursuant to section of the ger man stock corporation act abfindungsbetrag shall be increased by .  to .  per postbank shar e

Score 0.406
debeko immobilien gmbh co grundbesitz ohg eschborn ancillary services undertaking .  dee deutsche erneuerbare energien gmbh frankfurt financial institution .  deukona versicherungsvermittlungsgmbh frankfurt ancillary services undertaking .  deutsche aotearoa capital holdings new zealand auckland financial institution

Score 0.406
carrying amount the carrying amount of a primary cgu is derived using a capital allocation model based on the shareholders equity allocation framework of the group please refer to note business segments and related information for more details.  the allocation use s the groups total equity at the date of valuation including additional tier notes at notes which constitute unsecured and subordinated notes of deutsche bank and which are classified as additional equity components in accordance with ifrs.  total e quity is adjusted for an addon adjustment for goodwill attributable to noncontrolling interests.  recoverable amount the group determines the recoverable amounts of its primary cgus on the basis of the higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal level of the fair value hierarchy

Score 0.405
this righ t is used primarily to cover short sales securities loaned and securities sold under repurchase agreements.  fair value of collateral received in m.  dec dec securities and other financial assets accepted as collateral of which collateral sold or repledged deutsche bank notes to the consolidated balance sheet annual report property and equipment property and equipment in m.  owner occupied properties furniture and equipment leasehold improvements constructioninprogress property and equipment owned ias rightofuse for leased assets ifrs total cost of acquisition balance as of january changes in the group of consolidated companies additions transfers reclassifications tofrom held for sale disposals exchange rate changes balance as of december changes in the group of consolidated companies additions transfers reclassifications tofrom held for sale disposals exchange rate changes balance as of december accumulated depreciation and impairment balance as of january changes in the group of consolidated companies depreciation impairment losses reversals of impairment losses transfers reclassifications tofrom held for sale disposals exchange rate changes balance as of december changes in the group of consolidated companies depreciation impairment losses reversals of impairment losses transfers reclassifications tofrom held for sale disposals exchange rate changes balance as of december carrying amount balance as of december balance as of december deutsche bank notes to the consolidated balance sheet annual report property and equipment depreciation expenses impairment losses and reversal of impairment losses on property and equipment are recorded within general and administrative expenses for the income statement

Score 0.405
unless stated otherwise assets encumbered assets readily available other collateral received debt securities equity instruments other collateral received deutsche bank risk and capital performance annual report liquidity risk exposure dec carrying value unencumbered assets in bn.  unless stated otherwise assets encumbered assets readily available other debt securities equity instruments other assets cash and due from banks interest earning deposits with banks securities borrowed or purchased under resale agreements financial assets at fair value through profit and loss trading assets positive market value from derivative financial instruments securities borrowed or purchased under resale agreements other financial assets at fair value through profit or loss financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income loans other assets total securities borrowed and securities purchased under resale agreements are all shown as other unencumbered.  the use of the unde rlying collateral is separately captured in the offbalance sheet table below excludes debt securities and equity instruments separately disclosed above dec fair value of collateral received unencumbered assets in bn.  unless stated otherwise assets encumbered assets readily available other collateral received debt securities equity instruments other collateral received maturity analysis of assets and financial liabilities treasury manages the maturity analysis of assets and liabilities

Score 0.405
contractual obligations payment due by period in m.  total less than year years years more than years longterm debt obligations trust preferred securities longterm financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss future cash outflows not reflected in the measurement of lease liabilities lease liabilities purchase obligations longterm deposits other longterm liabilities total includes interest payments contractual payment date or first call date longterm debt and longterm deposits designated at fair value through profit or loss for further detail please refer to note leases purchase obligations for goods and services include future payments for among other things information tech nology services and facility management.  some figures above for purchase obligations represent minimum contractual payments and actual future payments may be higher.  longterm deposits exclude contracts with a remaining maturity of less than one year

Score 0.405
commissions and fee income predominantly earned from providing services at a point in time or transactiontype services include other securities underwriting and advisory fees brokerage fees local payments foreign currency exchange busines s and intermediary fees.  expenses that are directly related and incremental to the generation of commissions and fee income are presented net in commissions and fee income in the consolidated statement of income.  this includes income and associated expense where the group contractually owns the performance obligation i. e

Score 0.405
a.  bonn ancillary services undertaking .  pcc services gmbh der deutschen bank essen ancillary services undertaking .  plantation bay inc

Score 0.405
immobilienfonds bürocenter erfurt am flughafen bindersleben i gbr troisdorf other enterprise .  immobilienfonds wohn und geschäftshaus kölnblumenberg v gbr troisdorf other enterprise .  istron beteiligungs und verwaltungsgmbh cologne ancillary services undertaking .  ivaf i manager s

Score 0.404
depreciation charges of million recognized in mainly resulted from planned consumption of rightofuse assets for property leases over their contractual terms.  the carrying amount of rightofuse assets of .  billion included in total property and equipment as of december predominantly represented leased properties of .  billion and vehicle leases of million

Score 0.404
unless stated otherwise assets encumbered assets readily available other debt securities equity instruments other assets cash and due from banks interest earning deposits with banks securities borrowed or purchased under resale agreements financial assets at fair value through profit and loss trading assets positive market value from derivative financial instruments securities borrowed or purchased under resale agreements other financial assets at fair value through profit or loss financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income loans other assets total securities borrowed and securities purchased under resale agreements are all shown as other unencumbered.  the use of the unde rlying collateral is separately captured in the offbalance sheet table below excludes debt securities and equity instruments separately disclosed above dec fair value of collateral received unencumbered assets in bn.  unless stated otherwise assets encumbered assets readily available other collateral received debt securities equity instruments other collateral received maturity analysis of assets and financial liabilities treasury manages the maturity analysis of assets and liabilities.  modeling of assets and liabilities is necessary in cases where the contractual maturity does not adequately reflect the liquidity risk position

Score 0.403
as of december there were performance obligat ions to be satisfied of million with a time band of three years from to as of december million with a time band of three years from to from alternative funds.  the decrease o f performance obligations to be satisfied was mainly driven by decline in the real estate valuations due to market conditions.  as of december and december the groups balance of receivables from commission and fee income was million and million respectively.  as of december and december the groups balance of contract liabilities associated to commission and fee income was million and million respectively

Score 0.402
the carrying amounts presented below do not re flect the true variability of returns faced by the group because they do not take into account the effects of collateral or hedges.  carrying amounts and size relating to deutsche banks interests dec in m.  repacka ging and investment entities third party funding entities securiti zations funds total assets cash and central bank balances interbank balances wo central banks central bank funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements securities borrowed total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss trading assets positive market values derivative financial instruments nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income loans at amortized cost other assets total assets liabilities total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss negative market values derivative financial instruments other shortterm borrowings other liabilities total liabilities offbalance sheet exposure total deutsche bank additional notes annual report structured entities dec in m.  repacka ging and investment entities third party funding entities securiti zations funds total assets cash and central bank balances interbank balances wo central banks central bank funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements securities borrowed total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss trading assets positive market values derivative financial instruments nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income loans at amortized cost other assets total assets liabilities total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss negative market values derivative financial instruments other shortterm borrowings other liabilities total liabilities offbalance sheet exposure total total trading assets as of december and december of

Score 0.401
a. u.  madrid ancillary services undertaking .  db chestnut holdings limited george town ancillary services undertaking

Score 0.4
dec dec carrying amount of transferred assets trading securities not derecognized due to the following transactions repurchase agreements securities lending agreements total return swaps other total trading securities other trading assets nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income loans at amortized cost others total carrying amount of associated liabilities other traded loans where the associated liability is recourse only to the transferred assets had carrying value and fair valu e of million and million as at december and december respectively.  the associated liabilities had the same carrying value and fair value which resulted in a net position of million and million as at december and december respectively carrying value of assets transferred to the group has continuing involvement in m.  dec dec carrying amount of the original assets transferred trading securities nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss carrying amount of the assets continued to be recognized trading securities nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss carrying amount of associated liabilities deutsche bank notes to the consolidated balance sheet annual report transfer of financial assets assets pledged and received as collateral the group could retain some exposure to the future performance of a transferred asset either through new or existing contractual rights and obligations and still be eligible to derecognize the asset.  this ongoing involvement will be recognize d as a new instrument wh ich may be different from the original financial asset that was transferred

Score 0.18
the dws equity plan is a phantom share plan representing a contingent right to receive a cash payment by referencing to the value of dws shares during a specified period of time.  the award recipient for any sharebased compensation plan is not entitle d to receive dividends during the vesting period of the award.  the share awards granted under the terms and conditions of any sharebased compensation plan are forfeited fully or partly if the recipient voluntarily terminates employment before the end of t he relevant vesting period or the end of the retention period for upfront awards.  vesting usually continues after termination of employment in cases such as redundancy or retirement

Score 0.271
governance and risk the group maintains a pensions committee to oversee its pension and related risks on a global basis.  this committee meets at least quarterly and reports directl y to the senior executive compensation committee.  within this context the group develops and maintains guidelines for governance and risk management including funding asset allocation and actuarial assumption setting.  during and after acquisitions or c hanges in the external environment e

Score 0.179
the award recipient for any sharebased compensation plan is not entitle d to receive dividends during the vesting period of the award.  the share awards granted under the terms and conditions of any sharebased compensation plan are forfeited fully or partly if the recipient voluntarily terminates employment before the end of t he relevant vesting period or the end of the retention period for upfront awards.  vesting usually continues after termination of employment in cases such as redundancy or retirement.  deutsche bank additional notes annual report employe e benefits the following table sets forth the basic terms of the dws sharebased plans grant years award type vesting schedule eligibility annual awards months select employees as annual months performancebased months compensation instvv mrts months annual awards months select employees as annual months performancebased months compensation noninstvv mrts annual awards senior management months members of the executive board months months months months annual award upfront vesting immediately at grant regulated employees retentionnew hireoffcycle individual specification select employees to attract and retain the best talent severance individual specification regulatory requirement for certain employees to defer severance payments annual awards months select employees as annual performancebased months compensation months annual awards senior management months members of the executive board months months months months annual award upfront vesting immediately at grant regulated employees retentionnew hireoffcycle individual specification select employees to attract and retain the best talent severance individual specification regulatory requirement for certain employees to defer severance payments performance share unit award march members of the executive board oneoff ipo related award granted in march march performance share unit award march select senior managers oneoff ipo related award march march sar award oneoff ipo related award for nonmrts june all dws employees for mrts march depending on their individual regulatory status a six month retention period aifmducits mrts or a twelve month retention period instvv or ifd mrts starting from applies after vesting unless the employee received performance share unit award for outstanding awards a year exercise period applies following vestingretention period offcycle awards to noninstvv regulated employees only the following table sets out the movements in share award units

Score 0.313
this committee meets at least quarterly and reports directl y to the senior executive compensation committee.  within this context the group develops and maintains guidelines for governance and risk management including funding asset allocation and actuarial assumption setting.  during and after acquisitions or c hanges in the external environment e. g

Score 0.316
within this context the group develops and maintains guidelines for governance and risk management including funding asset allocation and actuarial assumption setting.  during and after acquisitions or c hanges in the external environment e. g.  legislation taxation topics such as the general plan design or potential plan amendments are considered

Score 0.321
during and after acquisitions or c hanges in the external environment e. g.  legislation taxation topics such as the general plan design or potential plan amendments are considered.  any plan changes follow a process requiring approval by group human resources and above a certain thresho ld also of the pensions committee

Score 0.223
key information is al so shown based on participant status which provides a bro ad indication of the maturity of the groups obligations.  dec in m.  germany uk u. s

Score 0.264
bvv is a multiemployer defined benefit plan.  howe ver in line with industry practice the group accounts for it as a defined contribution plan since insufficient information is available to identify assets and liabilities relating to the groups current and forme r employees primarily because the bvv doe s not fully allocate plan assets to beneficiaries nor to member companies.  governance and risk the group maintains a pensions committee to oversee its pension and related risks on a global basis.  this committee meets at least quarterly and reports directl y to the senior executive compensation committee

Score 0.303
g.  legislation taxation topics such as the general plan design or potential plan amendments are considered.  any plan changes follow a process requiring approval by group human resources and above a certain thresho ld also of the pensions committee.  pension risk management is embedded in the groups risk management organization with strong focus on market risks given importance of capital market developments e

Score 0.299
legislation taxation topics such as the general plan design or potential plan amendments are considered.  any plan changes follow a process requiring approval by group human resources and above a certain thresho ld also of the pensions committee.  pension risk management is embedded in the groups risk management organization with strong focus on market risks given importance of capital market developments e. g

Score 0.2
this award does not provide any entitlement to receive dws shares voting rights or associated dividen ds.  the dws equity plan is a phantom share plan representing a contingent right to receive a cash payment by referencing to the value of dws shares during a specified period of time.  the award recipient for any sharebased compensation plan is not entitle d to receive dividends during the vesting period of the award.  the share awards granted under the terms and conditions of any sharebased compensation plan are forfeited fully or partly if the recipient voluntarily terminates employment before the end of t he relevant vesting period or the end of the retention period for upfront awards

Score 0.243
the dws stock appreciation rights plan represents a contin gent right to receive a cash payment equal to any appreciation or gain in the value of a set number of notional dws shares over a fixed period of time.  this award does not provide any entitlement to receive dws shares voting rights or associated dividen ds.  the dws equity plan is a phantom share plan representing a contingent right to receive a cash payment by referencing to the value of dws shares during a specified period of time.  the award recipient for any sharebased compensation plan is not entitle d to receive dividends during the vesting period of the award

Score 0.196
any plan changes follow a process requiring approval by group human resources and above a certain thresho ld also of the pensions committee.  pension risk management is embedded in the groups risk management organization with strong focus on market risks given importance of capital market developments e. g.  interest rate credit spread price inflation fo r the value of plan assets and liabilities hence ifrs and regulatory capital

Score 0.193
pension risk management is embedded in the groups risk management organization with strong focus on market risks given importance of capital market developments e. g.  interest rate credit spread price inflation fo r the value of plan assets and liabilities hence ifrs and regulatory capital.  risk management thereby encompasses regular measurement monitoring and reporting of risks via specific metrics as well as a risk control framework e

Score 0.23
howe ver in line with industry practice the group accounts for it as a defined contribution plan since insufficient information is available to identify assets and liabilities relating to the groups current and forme r employees primarily because the bvv doe s not fully allocate plan assets to beneficiaries nor to member companies.  governance and risk the group maintains a pensions committee to oversee its pension and related risks on a global basis.  this committee meets at least quarterly and reports directl y to the senior executive compensation committee.  within this context the group develops and maintains guidelines for governance and risk management including funding asset allocation and actuarial assumption setting

Score 0.198
the share awards granted under the terms and conditions of any sharebased compensation plan are forfeited fully or partly if the recipient voluntarily terminates employment before the end of t he relevant vesting period or the end of the retention period for upfront awards.  vesting usually continues after termination of employment in cases such as redundancy or retirement.  deutsche bank additional notes annual report employe e benefits the following table sets forth the basic terms of the dws sharebased plans grant years award type vesting schedule eligibility annual awards months select employees as annual months performancebased months compensation instvv mrts months annual awards months select employees as annual months performancebased months compensation noninstvv mrts annual awards senior management months members of the executive board months months months months annual award upfront vesting immediately at grant regulated employees retentionnew hireoffcycle individual specification select employees to attract and retain the best talent severance individual specification regulatory requirement for certain employees to defer severance payments annual awards months select employees as annual performancebased months compensation months annual awards senior management months members of the executive board months months months months annual award upfront vesting immediately at grant regulated employees retentionnew hireoffcycle individual specification select employees to attract and retain the best talent severance individual specification regulatory requirement for certain employees to defer severance payments performance share unit award march members of the executive board oneoff ipo related award granted in march march performance share unit award march select senior managers oneoff ipo related award march march sar award oneoff ipo related award for nonmrts june all dws employees for mrts march depending on their individual regulatory status a six month retention period aifmducits mrts or a twelve month retention period instvv or ifd mrts starting from applies after vesting unless the employee received performance share unit award for outstanding awards a year exercise period applies following vestingretention period offcycle awards to noninstvv regulated employees only the following table sets out the movements in share award units.  dws equity plan dws sar plan share units in thousands number of awards number of awards number of awards weightedaverage exercise price number of awards weightedaverage exercise price outstanding at beginning of year

Score 0.226
interest rate credit spread price inflation fo r the value of plan assets and liabilities hence ifrs and regulatory capital.  risk management thereby encompasses regular measurement monitoring and reporting of risks via specific metrics as well as a risk control framework e. g.  via the establishment of risk limits or thresholds as applicable

Score 0.231
an increase in benefits may also arise due to additional obligations to retirees for the effects of inflation.  bvv is a multiemployer defined benefit plan.  howe ver in line with industry practice the group accounts for it as a defined contribution plan since insufficient information is available to identify assets and liabilities relating to the groups current and forme r employees primarily because the bvv doe s not fully allocate plan assets to beneficiaries nor to member companies.  governance and risk the group maintains a pensions committee to oversee its pension and related risks on a global basis

Score 0.214
granted issued or exercised .  .  forfeited .

Score 0.22
.  granted issued or exercised .  .  forfeited

Score 0.253
dws equity plan dws sar plan share units in thousands number of awards number of awards number of awards weightedaverage exercise price number of awards weightedaverage exercise price outstanding at beginning of year .  .  granted issued or exercised .

Score 0.181
in m.  germany uk u. s.  other total actual benefit payments benefits expected to be paid benefits expected to be paid benefits expected to be paid benefits expected to be paid benefits expected to be paid benefits expected to be paid weighted average duration of defined benefit obligation in years deutsche bank additional notes annual report employee benefits multiemployer plans in germany the group is a member of the bvv versicherungsverein des bankgewerbes a

Score 0.179
germany uk u. s.  other total actual benefit payments benefits expected to be paid benefits expected to be paid benefits expected to be paid benefits expected to be paid benefits expected to be paid benefits expected to be paid weighted average duration of defined benefit obligation in years deutsche bank additional notes annual report employee benefits multiemployer plans in germany the group is a member of the bvv versicherungsverein des bankgewerbes a. g

Score 0.216
s.  other total actual benefit payments benefits expected to be paid benefits expected to be paid benefits expected to be paid benefits expected to be paid benefits expected to be paid benefits expected to be paid weighted average duration of defined benefit obligation in years deutsche bank additional notes annual report employee benefits multiemployer plans in germany the group is a member of the bvv versicherungsverein des bankgewerbes a. g.  bvv together with other financial institutions

Score 0.208
other total actual benefit payments benefits expected to be paid benefits expected to be paid benefits expected to be paid benefits expected to be paid benefits expected to be paid benefits expected to be paid weighted average duration of defined benefit obligation in years deutsche bank additional notes annual report employee benefits multiemployer plans in germany the group is a member of the bvv versicherungsverein des bankgewerbes a. g.  bvv together with other financial institutions.  the bvv offers retirement benefits to eligible employees in germany as a complement to postemployment benefit promises of the group