Scores_g_WHOLESALE AND RETAIL TRADE; REPAIR OF MOTOR VEHICLES AND MOTORCYCLESScore 0.534
in the case of goods and commodities supplied under consignment arrangements sales reve nue is generally recognized when the corresponding goods are removed from consignment by the customer.  sales revenue from contracts with customers in the plant construction business is recognized over time based on the stage of co mpletion.  the stage of completion is as a rule determined by the ratio of contract costs incurred up to the reporting date to the total e stimated contract costs as of the reporting date costtocostmethod.  contract losses are recognized as expense immediately and report ed in the statement of financial position under other provisions

Score 0.53
if distinct performance obligat ions are satisfied acting as an agent the revenue recognized is not the gross amount payable by the customer but only the net amount retained as a commissionlike fee fo r the respective performance obligation.  thyssenkrupp annual report group financial statements thyssenkrupp group notes to the financial statements revenue from the sale of goods and commodities is recognized at the point in time at which control is transferred to the custom er.  the time of transfer of control is determined partly on the basis of th e delivery clauses agreed with the customer.  in the case of goods and commodities supplied under consignment arrangements sales reve nue is generally recognized when the corresponding goods are removed from consignment by the customer

Score 0.529
these restrictions can impede our business activities in individual national markets.  moreover violations could lead to severe pena lties sanctions reputational damage and claims for compensation.  we therefore take strict care to comply with th e applicable customs regulations and other trade restrictions and consider the probability of occurrence to be low.  risks from operating activities risks from operating activities include procurement risks production risks sales risks order risks risks associated with information security and personnel risks

Score 0.527
those group business activities that are consistent with the description of an economic activity are assigned to the economic activities listed in the delegated acts.  the resulting list of potential taxonomyeligible business activities is then assessed and finalized by experts from the segments and operating entities that perform the re spective activity.  this process also validates the conditions for the taxonomy eligibility of business activities that were already reported as taxonomyeligible in previous reporting periods.  in fiscal year the following business activities of thyssenkrupp were reported as taxonomyeligible thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy taxonomyeligible business activities of thyssenkrupp code no

Score 0.52
the resulting list of potential taxonomyeligible business activities is then assessed and finalized by experts from the segments and operating entities that perform the re spective activity.  this process also validates the conditions for the taxonomy eligibility of business activities that were already reported as taxonomyeligible in previous reporting periods.  in fiscal year the following business activities of thyssenkrupp were reported as taxonomyeligible thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy taxonomyeligible business activities of thyssenkrupp code no.  economic activity according to the delega ted acts business activity or product segment unit ccm

Score 0.519
rules and processes in connection with sanc tions and export control requirements were updated on a continuous basis especially regarding the potential risks of circumvention.  in addition the compliance function acts as groupwide advisor coordinator and consolidator to the organizational units that are directly responsible for further compliance topics such as occupational safety management of external workforce equal treatment information se curity supplier compliance the supply chain act as well as the environm ent energy and climate.  the further compliance topic relating to the supply chain act the focu s of which is on implementing human rights and environmentrelated due diligence obligations pursuant to the german act on corporate due diligence obligations in supply chains was added in the reporting year and the existing further compliance topics of environment energy and climate were further developed.  substantive responsibility for the further compliance topics remains with the competent corporate group functions or the relevant segment

Score 0.517
change in taxonomyeligible business activities compared to the previous year already reported as taxonomyeligible in the previous year newly classified as taxonomyeligible new economic activity according to eu or eu slewing bearings for wind turbines water electrolysis technology oxygendepolarised cathode odc envinox technology steel production slag processing logistics services green chemicals planeo technology biopolymere clean ammonia fertiliser gas scrubbing technology polysius pure oxyfuel polysius activated clay mecaclay steel sleepers ties automotive components aircraft parts and services digital products toii on the basis of the expert assessment in the course of determining taxonomyeligible business activities thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy taxonomyaligned bu siness activities business activities are taxonomyaligned if they m eet the technical screening criteria specified in the delegated acts and therefore make a substantial contribution to achieving one or more of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy do no significant harm to one or more environmental objectives pursuant to article of the eu taxonomy dnsh criteria and also meet the minimum social safeguards pursuant to article .  determining taxonomyaligned business activities to determine the taxonomyaligned business activi ties profiles of the requirements are created for each economic activity on the basis of the delega ted acts adopted for the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy.  the qualitative and quantitative screening criteria are extracted from the delegated acts and translated into documentation requirements for the segments and entities that perform the activities.  the profiles also include the documentation requirements resulting from the minimum safeguards pursuant to article of the eu taxonomy

Score 0.513
we therefore take strict care to comply with th e applicable customs regulations and other trade restrictions and consider the probability of occurrence to be low.  risks from operating activities risks from operating activities include procurement risks production risks sales risks order risks risks associated with information security and personnel risks.  procurement risks to manufacture our products we procure raw materials and other starting materials and also require energy.  the purchase prices for key products may vary considerably depending on the market situation and could have a significant impact on our cost structures in the future as well

Score 0.512
key data on eu taxonomy million sales in capex in opex in sales in capex in opex in thyssenkrupp total taxonomyeligible thereof taxonomyaligned thereof not taxonomyaligned taxonomynoneligible of thyssenkrupps sales are taxonomyeligible and are achieved with business activities and products that can make a substantial contribution to achieving the european unions environmental objectives.  thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy due to unclarified legal terms uncertainty still exists regarding the interpretation of the eu taxonomy and associated delegated acts.  we explain our interpretations of these terms below.  taxonomyeligible bu siness activities business activities are taxonomyeligible if they are consistent with the descriptions of the economic activities contained in the delegated acts in respect of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy

Score 0.511
we explain our interpretations of these terms below.  taxonomyeligible bu siness activities business activities are taxonomyeligible if they are consistent with the descriptions of the economic activities contained in the delegated acts in respect of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy.  it is not significant that they satisfy the te chnical screening criteria defined there for each economic activity.  by contrast business activities that are not consistent with the description of an economic activity may not be classified as taxonomyeligible

Score 0.509
taxonomyeligible bu siness activities business activities are taxonomyeligible if they are consistent with the descriptions of the economic activities contained in the delegated acts in respect of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy.  it is not significant that they satisfy the te chnical screening criteria defined there for each economic activity.  by contrast business activities that are not consistent with the description of an economic activity may not be classified as taxonomyeligible.  determining taxonomyeligible business activities in order to determine thyssenkrupps taxonomyeligible business activities the delegated acts issued in respect of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy were analyzed at group level by a team of experts

Score 0.501
note on highlighting an issue immanent risk due to uncertainties regarding the legal conformity of the interpretation of the eu taxonomy regulation we refer to the explanations provided by the management in the section eu taxonomy of the combined nonfinancial statement of the company and the group integrated into the combined management report pursuant to sections b c hgb and sections b c hgb.  this section describes that the eu taxonomy regulation and its related delegated acts contain formulations and terms that are s till subject to significant interpretative uncertainties for which clarifications have not yet been published in every case.  the legal repr esentatives explain how they have made the necessary interpretations of the eu taxonomy regulation and its related delegated acts.  due to t he inherent risk that undefined legal terms may be interpreted differently the compliance of the interpretations with legal requi rements is subject to uncertainties

Score 0.501
manufacture of automotive and mobility components the activity description refers to the manufacture of automotive components for vehicle categories m n and l in accordance with the eu classification which according to the delegated act meet the criteria set out in this section and which are essential for delivering and improving the environmental performance of the vehicle.  however assessing the taxonomy eligibility using technical screening criteria contradicts co mmission notice c no.  which states that an economic activity is eligible irrespective of whether it meets the technical screening criteria laid down in the delegated acts.  for this reason we classify the manu facture of all automotive components for these vehicle classes as taxonomyeligible

Score 0.5
proportion of sales from products or services associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering fiscal year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria economic activities code sales share ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ms n category a.  taxonomyeligible activities million y n nel yn yn e t a. .  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm

Score 0.5
this section describes that the eu taxonomy regulation and its related delegated acts contain formulations and terms that are s till subject to significant interpretative uncertainties for which clarifications have not yet been published in every case.  the legal repr esentatives explain how they have made the necessary interpretations of the eu taxonomy regulation and its related delegated acts.  due to t he inherent risk that undefined legal terms may be interpreted differently the compliance of the interpretations with legal requi rements is subject to uncertainties.  our audit opinion on the combined management report is not modified in this regard

Score 0.497
in the case of business activities assigned to an economic activity as defined in delegated regulation eu or eu reporting is restricted to taxonomyeligible and taxonomynoneligible turnover capex and opex.  at thyssenkrupp this concerns disclosures in connection with the manufacture of automotive and mobility components and aircraft as well as all business activities that can be assigned to nonclimaterelated environmental objectives.  key data on eu taxonomy million sales in capex in opex in sales in capex in opex in thyssenkrupp total taxonomyeligible thereof taxonomyaligned thereof not taxonomyaligned taxonomynoneligible of thyssenkrupps sales are taxonomyeligible and are achieved with business activities and products that can make a substantial contribution to achieving the european unions environmental objectives.  thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy due to unclarified legal terms uncertainty still exists regarding the interpretation of the eu taxonomy and associated delegated acts

Score 0.497
.  of the regulation as well as oper ating expenditure in accordance with annex i point . .

Score 0.497
however assessing the taxonomy eligibility using technical screening criteria contradicts co mmission notice c no.  which states that an economic activity is eligible irrespective of whether it meets the technical screening criteria laid down in the delegated acts.  for this reason we classify the manu facture of all automotive components for these vehicle classes as taxonomyeligible.  technical screen ing criteria are used only to review the taxonomy alignment

Score 0.495
for this reason the term is interpreted as all costbenefit relationships that ca n be associated with an aircraft.  that is why we define the recyclability at the end of the life cycl e of the aircraft components manufactured in the context of this economic activity as a criterion for efficiency.  change in taxonomyeligible business activities compared to the previous year already reported as taxonomyeligible in the previous year newly classified as taxonomyeligible new economic activity according to eu or eu slewing bearings for wind turbines water electrolysis technology oxygendepolarised cathode odc envinox technology steel production slag processing logistics services green chemicals planeo technology biopolymere clean ammonia fertiliser gas scrubbing technology polysius pure oxyfuel polysius activated clay mecaclay steel sleepers ties automotive components aircraft parts and services digital products toii on the basis of the expert assessment in the course of determining taxonomyeligible business activities thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy taxonomyaligned bu siness activities business activities are taxonomyaligned if they m eet the technical screening criteria specified in the delegated acts and therefore make a substantial contribution to achieving one or more of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy do no significant harm to one or more environmental objectives pursuant to article of the eu taxonomy dnsh criteria and also meet the minimum social safeguards pursuant to article .  determining taxonomyaligned business activities to determine the taxonomyaligned business activi ties profiles of the requirements are created for each economic activity on the basis of the delega ted acts adopted for the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy

Score 0.494
it is not significant that they satisfy the te chnical screening criteria defined there for each economic activity.  by contrast business activities that are not consistent with the description of an economic activity may not be classified as taxonomyeligible.  determining taxonomyeligible business activities in order to determine thyssenkrupps taxonomyeligible business activities the delegated acts issued in respect of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy were analyzed at group level by a team of experts.  those group business activities that are consistent with the description of an economic activity are assigned to the economic activities listed in the delegated acts

Score 0.494
that is why we define the recyclability at the end of the life cycl e of the aircraft components manufactured in the context of this economic activity as a criterion for efficiency.  change in taxonomyeligible business activities compared to the previous year already reported as taxonomyeligible in the previous year newly classified as taxonomyeligible new economic activity according to eu or eu slewing bearings for wind turbines water electrolysis technology oxygendepolarised cathode odc envinox technology steel production slag processing logistics services green chemicals planeo technology biopolymere clean ammonia fertiliser gas scrubbing technology polysius pure oxyfuel polysius activated clay mecaclay steel sleepers ties automotive components aircraft parts and services digital products toii on the basis of the expert assessment in the course of determining taxonomyeligible business activities thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy taxonomyaligned bu siness activities business activities are taxonomyaligned if they m eet the technical screening criteria specified in the delegated acts and therefore make a substantial contribution to achieving one or more of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy do no significant harm to one or more environmental objectives pursuant to article of the eu taxonomy dnsh criteria and also meet the minimum social safeguards pursuant to article .  determining taxonomyaligned business activities to determine the taxonomyaligned business activi ties profiles of the requirements are created for each economic activity on the basis of the delega ted acts adopted for the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy.  the qualitative and quantitative screening criteria are extracted from the delegated acts and translated into documentation requirements for the segments and entities that perform the activities

Score 0.493
million derivative assets derivative liabilities designated part o f hedging instrumentsfair value chan ge of hedged itemhedging of foreign currency risk foreign currency derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges hedging of interest risk interest rate derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges interest rate derivatives qualifying as fair value hedges hedging of commodity risk commodity derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges commodity derivatives qualifying as fair value hedges inclusive of cross currency swaps information on hedging instruments in the context of cash flow hedges and fair value hedges carrying amount on balance sheet sept.  million derivative assets derivative liabilities designated part o f hedging instrumentsfair value chan ge of hedged itemhedging of foreign currency risk foreign currency derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges hedging of interest risk interest rate derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges interest rate derivatives qualifying as fair value hedges hedging of commodity risk commodity derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges commodity derivatives qualifying as fair value hedges inclusive of cross currency swaps cash flows from future transactions are cu rrently hedged for a maximum of months.  during the current fiscal year million prior year million of cumulative other comprehensive income was reclassifie d to sales in profit or loss as a result of the underlying transactions being realized during the year.  in addition million from the re serve for cash flow hedges was reclassified to decrease cost of inventories prior year million to decrease cost of inventories as the h edged commodities were recognized

Score 0.492
determining taxonomyaligned business activities to determine the taxonomyaligned business activi ties profiles of the requirements are created for each economic activity on the basis of the delega ted acts adopted for the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy.  the qualitative and quantitative screening criteria are extracted from the delegated acts and translated into documentation requirements for the segments and entities that perform the activities.  the profiles also include the documentation requirements resulting from the minimum safeguards pursuant to article of the eu taxonomy.  the evidence for the business activities that must be considered in the screening procedur e for taxonomy alignment in a reporting year is compiled in accordance with these profiles of requirements

Score 0.492
.  of the regulation as well as capital expenditure in accordance with annex i point . .

Score 0.49
in the warehousing business impairment losses totaling million were recognized.  thereof million relate to technical machiner y and equipment million to other equipment factory and office equipment and million to development costs that were recogniz ed in selling expenses.  the impairment losses were mainly due to the lower earnings expectations resulting from a decline in demand c aused by the gloomy economic situation.  the recoverable amount relevant for determining the impairment loss is the value in use which a mounts to million million and million for the cashgenerating units materials germany materials uk and materials hungary and for which countryspecific discount rates after tax of

Score 0.489
due to the ongoing war in ukraine trade compliance was accorded particular importance.  rules and processes in connection with sanc tions and export control requirements were updated on a continuous basis especially regarding the potential risks of circumvention.  in addition the compliance function acts as groupwide advisor coordinator and consolidator to the organizational units that are directly responsible for further compliance topics such as occupational safety management of external workforce equal treatment information se curity supplier compliance the supply chain act as well as the environm ent energy and climate.  the further compliance topic relating to the supply chain act the focu s of which is on implementing human rights and environmentrelated due diligence obligations pursuant to the german act on corporate due diligence obligations in supply chains was added in the reporting year and the existing further compliance topics of environment energy and climate were further developed

Score 0.488
moreover violations could lead to severe pena lties sanctions reputational damage and claims for compensation.  we therefore take strict care to comply with th e applicable customs regulations and other trade restrictions and consider the probability of occurrence to be low.  risks from operating activities risks from operating activities include procurement risks production risks sales risks order risks risks associated with information security and personnel risks.  procurement risks to manufacture our products we procure raw materials and other starting materials and also require energy

Score 0.487
by contrast business activities that are not consistent with the description of an economic activity may not be classified as taxonomyeligible.  determining taxonomyeligible business activities in order to determine thyssenkrupps taxonomyeligible business activities the delegated acts issued in respect of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy were analyzed at group level by a team of experts.  those group business activities that are consistent with the description of an economic activity are assigned to the economic activities listed in the delegated acts.  the resulting list of potential taxonomyeligible business activities is then assessed and finalized by experts from the segments and operating entities that perform the re spective activity

Score 0.484
economic activity according to the delega ted acts business activity or product segment unit ccm .  manufacture of renewable energy technologies slewing bearings for wind turbines decarbon technologies rothe erde ccm .  manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen water electrolysis technology decarbon technologies nucera green chemicals decarbon technologies uhde ccm .  manufacture of other low carbon technologies oxygendepolarised cathode odc decarbon technologies nucera envinox technology decarbon technologies uhde planeo technology biopolymers decarbon technologies uhde clean ammonia fertiliser decarbon technologies uhde gas scrubbing technology decarbon technologies uhde polysius pure oxyfuel decarbon technologies polysius polysius activated clay decarbon technologies polysius mecaclay mechanochemical activation decarbon technologies polysius ccm

Score 0.483
this process also validates the conditions for the taxonomy eligibility of business activities that were already reported as taxonomyeligible in previous reporting periods.  in fiscal year the following business activities of thyssenkrupp were reported as taxonomyeligible thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy taxonomyeligible business activities of thyssenkrupp code no.  economic activity according to the delega ted acts business activity or product segment unit ccm .  manufacture of renewable energy technologies slewing bearings for wind turbines decarbon technologies rothe erde ccm

Score 0.482
transactions with these related parties result in gene ral from the delivery and service relations in the ordinary cou rse of business the extent of the business relations is presented in the following table related party transactions sales supplies and services receivables total liabilities million year endedsept.  year endedsept.  year ended sept.  year endedsept

Score 0.482
of the regulation as well as oper ating expenditure in accordance with annex i point . . .  c

Score 0.481
in addition to operating expenditure for business activities that are already taxonomyaligned th e numerator also includes operating expenditure which is used to expand taxonomyaligned business activities or to allow taxonomyeligible business activities to become taxonomyaligned and which is part of a capex plan in accordance with annex i point . . .  of the regulation as well as oper ating expenditure in accordance with annex i point

Score 0.481
raw materials production supplies work in progress finished products merchandise total inventories of million prior year million have a remaining term of more than one year.  inventories of million prior year million are recognized as an expense during the period.  pricerelated writedowns of inventories amounting to million are included in the cost of sales prior year writeups of inventories of million.  trade accounts receivable trade accounts receivable in the amount of million prior year million have a remaining term of more than one year

Score 0.479
application of art.  par.  and art.  b of german commercial code hgb the following domestic subsidiaries in the legal form of a capital corporation or a commercial partnership as defined in art

Score 0.479
trade accounts receivable excluding finance lease contract assets finance lease receivables other financial assets miscellaneous other financial assets equity instruments debt instruments derivatives not qualifying for hedge accounting derivatives qualifying for hedge accounting cash and cash equivalents total of financial assets financial debt excluding lease liabilities lease liabilities trade accounts payable other financial liabilities miscellaneous other financial liabilities derivatives not qualifying for hedge accounting derivatives qualifying for hedge accounting total of financial liabilities in the table on financial instruments as of september in deviation from september the option to not disclos e the fair value is used if it is identical to the carrying amount.  the carrying amounts of trade accounts receivable measured at am ortized cost other current receivables as well as cash and cas h equivalents equal their fair values due to the short remaining terms.  for money market funds and trade accounts receivable meas ured at fair value the carrying amount equals the fair value.  for the preference shares in connection wi th the elevator investment which are classified as equity instruments the option wa s exercised to recognize them at fair value in equity without recycling due to their significance

Score 0.477
the rise in selling expenses prim arily concerned impairment losses that increased by million to a total of million in the reporting year and personnel expenses in connection with restructuring measures in the materials services segment th ese were offset especially by a decline in salesrelated freight expenses.  general and administrative expenses more or less matched the prioryear level mainly due to impairment losses in the steel europe segment that were million lower at million they were offset especially by higher personnel expenses.  the principal reasons for the increase in other income were higher income in connection with compensation for electricity prices in the steel europe segment income from the entry into effect of a supply agreement classified as an embedded leas e in the materials services segment and income from charging on costs to subsuppliers for remedying quality deficits in customer contracts in the automotive technology segment.  the increase in other expenses resulted especially fr om the impairment loss of million recognized on goodwill in the st half of the reporting year in connection with the thyssenkrupp industries india disposal group that existed until its sale at the start of may

Score 0.477
in addition impairment losses increased by million to million.  the rise in selling expenses prim arily concerned impairment losses that increased by million to a total of million in the reporting year and personnel expenses in connection with restructuring measures in the materials services segment th ese were offset especially by a decline in salesrelated freight expenses.  general and administrative expenses more or less matched the prioryear level mainly due to impairment losses in the steel europe segment that were million lower at million they were offset especially by higher personnel expenses.  the principal reasons for the increase in other income were higher income in connection with compensation for electricity prices in the steel europe segment income from the entry into effect of a supply agreement classified as an embedded leas e in the materials services segment and income from charging on costs to subsuppliers for remedying quality deficits in customer contracts in the automotive technology segment

Score 0.475
of the regulation as well as capital expenditure in accordance with annex i point . . .  c

Score 0.475
the further compliance topic relating to the supply chain act the focu s of which is on implementing human rights and environmentrelated due diligence obligations pursuant to the german act on corporate due diligence obligations in supply chains was added in the reporting year and the existing further compliance topics of environment energy and climate were further developed.  substantive responsibility for the further compliance topics remains with the competent corporate group functions or the relevant segment.  the compliance function and the people responsible for the content engage in an intensive dialog and utilize synergies which arise in particular within the organization and in processes and methodology.  it also means that the compliance function works with the responsible contact persons in the functions to adapt the reporting system and responsibilities for the respective topics

Score 0.473
g.  for production machinery or buildings the numerator also includes capital expenditure which is used to expand taxonomyaligned business activities or to allow taxonomyeligible busine ss activities to become taxonomyaligned and which is part of a capex plan in accordance with annex i point . .

Score 0.473
the legal repr esentatives explain how they have made the necessary interpretations of the eu taxonomy regulation and its related delegated acts.  due to t he inherent risk that undefined legal terms may be interpreted differently the compliance of the interpretations with legal requi rements is subject to uncertainties.  our audit opinion on the combined management report is not modified in this regard. key audit matters in the audit of the consolidated financial statements key audit matters are those matters that in our professional judgment were of most significance in our audit of the consolida ted financial statements for the financial year from october to se ptember

Score 0.473
manufacture of iron and steel thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations ccm .  material recovery from nonhazardous waste thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations contextual information on the key performance indicator related to operating expenditure opex million operating expenditure related to taxonomyaligned business activities operating expenditure as part of a capex plan operating expenditure in accordance with eu annex i no.  .

Score 0.47
risk categorization is based on the risk analysis required by the german act on corporate due diligence obligations in supply chains lksg.  net incomeloss the profit or loss for a given fiscal year.  it is calculated as the balance of all income and expenses.  weighted average cost of capital wacc minimum rate of return defined by investors german act on corporate due diligence obligations in supply chains legislation that came into force in germany on january to regulate the responsibility of enterprises to respect human rights both within their own organization and in global supply chains

Score 0.468
on initial classification as held for sale noncurrent assets and disposal groups are recognized at the lower of the carrying amount and fair value less costs of disposal and depreciation and amortization ceases.  immediately before this a noncurrent asset or disposal group is initially measured in line with the respective ifrs standards to determine the carrying amount which is then compared to the fair value less costs of disposal of the group in order to recognize the group at the lower of both amounts.  impairment losses on initial class ification as held for sale are included in profit or loss as are gains and losses on subsequent remeasuremen t but not in excess of the cum ulative impairment loss.  financial statement classification certain line items on the consolidated statement of financial position and in the consolidated statement of income have been co mbined

Score 0.467
it mainly comprises fixed assets inventorie s and receivables.  deducted from this are certain noninterestbearing liability items such as trade accounts payable cf.  the follow ing reconciliation.  segment information for the year ended sept

Score 0.467
for foreign currency or commodity forward contracts used to hedge sales risks they are presented under net sales .  for hedging instruments used to hedge procurement risks they are pr esented under cost of sales and for hedging instruments used t o hedge financing risks they are presented under financial incomeexpense.  more information about financial instruments is provided in note .  income taxes income taxes comprise all current and deferred taxes

Score 0.466
the qualitative and quantitative screening criteria are extracted from the delegated acts and translated into documentation requirements for the segments and entities that perform the activities.  the profiles also include the documentation requirements resulting from the minimum safeguards pursuant to article of the eu taxonomy.  the evidence for the business activities that must be considered in the screening procedur e for taxonomy alignment in a reporting year is compiled in accordance with these profiles of requirements.  this process is managed centrally by a team of experts and representatives of the corporate functions

Score 0.465
provisions of million prior year mi llion have a remaining term of more than one year.  provisions for employee compensation and benefit costs primarily represent employment anniversary bonuses and obligations for t he management incentive plans while social plan and related costs pertaining to personnel related structural measures are reflect ed in the provision for restructuring activities.  pension related obligations for partial retirement agreements and early retirement prog rams partly resulting from restructurings are part of the provision for pensions and similar obligations.  product warranties and product defects represent the groups responsibility for the proper functioning of the goods sold produ ct warranty as well as the obligation that arise from the use of the products sold product defect

Score 0.465
manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations ccm .  manufacture of iron and steel thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations ccm .  material recovery from nonhazardous waste thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations contextual information on the key performance indicator related to operating expenditure opex million operating expenditure related to taxonomyaligned business activities operating expenditure as part of a capex plan operating expenditure in accordance with eu annex i no.

Score 0.464
with the rampup of the second phase the aforementioned areas of action will be dissolved from a central perspective.  the transformation office will closely monitor the businesses individual projects and provide support if necessary.  the businesses remain responsible for the implementation of the ongoing development measures and their success.  for further details on the status of the individual measures in each segment please refer to the resp ective subsections in the report on the economic position

Score 0.464
sales of taxonomyeligible activities a.  a.  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities sales of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy proportion of capital expendit ure associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering fiscal year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria economic activities code capex share ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ms n category a

Score 0.463
determining taxonomyeligible business activities in order to determine thyssenkrupps taxonomyeligible business activities the delegated acts issued in respect of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy were analyzed at group level by a team of experts.  those group business activities that are consistent with the description of an economic activity are assigned to the economic activities listed in the delegated acts.  the resulting list of potential taxonomyeligible business activities is then assessed and finalized by experts from the segments and operating entities that perform the re spective activity.  this process also validates the conditions for the taxonomy eligibility of business activities that were already reported as taxonomyeligible in previous reporting periods

Score 0.462
which states that an economic activity is eligible irrespective of whether it meets the technical screening criteria laid down in the delegated acts.  for this reason we classify the manu facture of all automotive components for these vehicle classes as taxonomyeligible.  technical screen ing criteria are used only to review the taxonomy alignment.  we classify slit strip manufactured for the automotive industry as taxonomyeligible because it is consistent with the definition of a component in accordance with regulation eu and regulation eu no

Score 0.462
immediately before this a noncurrent asset or disposal group is initially measured in line with the respective ifrs standards to determine the carrying amount which is then compared to the fair value less costs of disposal of the group in order to recognize the group at the lower of both amounts.  impairment losses on initial class ification as held for sale are included in profit or loss as are gains and losses on subsequent remeasuremen t but not in excess of the cum ulative impairment loss.  financial statement classification certain line items on the consolidated statement of financial position and in the consolidated statement of income have been co mbined.  these items are disclosed separately in the notes to the consolidated financial statements

Score 0.461
impairment losses on initial class ification as held for sale are included in profit or loss as are gains and losses on subsequent remeasuremen t but not in excess of the cum ulative impairment loss.  financial statement classification certain line items on the consolidated statement of financial position and in the consolidated statement of income have been co mbined.  these items are disclosed separately in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.  in general the group classifies assets and liabilities as current when they are expected to be realized or settled within twel ve months after the balance sheet date

Score 0.461
information on hedging instruments in the context of cash flow hedges and fair value hedges carrying amount on balance sheet sept.  million derivative assets derivative liabilities designated part o f hedging instrumentsfair value chan ge of hedged itemhedging of foreign currency risk foreign currency derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges hedging of interest risk interest rate derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges interest rate derivatives qualifying as fair value hedges hedging of commodity risk commodity derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges commodity derivatives qualifying as fair value hedges inclusive of cross currency swaps information on hedging instruments in the context of cash flow hedges and fair value hedges carrying amount on balance sheet sept.  million derivative assets derivative liabilities designated part o f hedging instrumentsfair value chan ge of hedged itemhedging of foreign currency risk foreign currency derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges hedging of interest risk interest rate derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges interest rate derivatives qualifying as fair value hedges hedging of commodity risk commodity derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges commodity derivatives qualifying as fair value hedges inclusive of cross currency swaps cash flows from future transactions are cu rrently hedged for a maximum of months.  during the current fiscal year million prior year million of cumulative other comprehensive income was reclassifie d to sales in profit or loss as a result of the underlying transactions being realized during the year

Score 0.46
manufacturing of aircraft as well as the manufacturing of aircraft the description of the activity includes the manufacturing of parts and equipment for aircraft the provision of related services as well as maintenance repair and overhaul mro to the extent that these can be linked to an eligible aircraft type and improves or maintains the level of efficiency of the aircraft.  the efficiency of the aircraft is an ambiguous legal term because it is not explained in more detail in the delegated act.  for this reason the term is interpreted as all costbenefit relationships that ca n be associated with an aircraft.  that is why we define the recyclability at the end of the life cycl e of the aircraft components manufactured in the context of this economic activity as a criterion for efficiency

Score 0.459
for production machinery or buildings the numerator also includes capital expenditure which is used to expand taxonomyaligned business activities or to allow taxonomyeligible busine ss activities to become taxonomyaligned and which is part of a capex plan in accordance with annex i point . . .  of the regulation as well as capital expenditure in accordance with annex i point

Score 0.459
.  of delegated regulation eu by allocating amounts directly to economic activities.  if direct allo cation is not possible allocation is done with the aid of appropriate allocation criteria.  for all parameters turnover with certain customer groups can be used as an allocation criterion

Score 0.458
million derivative assets derivative liabilities designated part o f hedging instrumentsfair value chan ge of hedged itemhedging of foreign currency risk foreign currency derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges hedging of interest risk interest rate derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges interest rate derivatives qualifying as fair value hedges hedging of commodity risk commodity derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges commodity derivatives qualifying as fair value hedges inclusive of cross currency swaps cash flows from future transactions are cu rrently hedged for a maximum of months.  during the current fiscal year million prior year million of cumulative other comprehensive income was reclassifie d to sales in profit or loss as a result of the underlying transactions being realized during the year.  in addition million from the re serve for cash flow hedges was reclassified to decrease cost of inventories prior year million to decrease cost of inventories as the h edged commodities were recognized.  for million the expense effect was already recognized at the time the provision was created in the fiscal year

Score 0.458
for further details of the realignment of the portfolio please refer to the strategy subsection.  in the past fiscal year our business activities were organized in five segments automotive technology decarbon technologies materials services steel europe and marine systems.  the segments are generally divided into business units and operating units.  as of september companies and investments accounted for by the equity method are included in the consolidated financial statements overall we consolidate companies from countries

Score 0.457
in the and fiscal years the group has business relations wi th nonconsolidated subsidia ries associates and joint ventures.  transactions with these related parties result in gene ral from the delivery and service relations in the ordinary cou rse of business the extent of the business relations is presented in the following table related party transactions sales supplies and services receivables total liabilities million year endedsept.  year endedsept.  year ended sept

Score 0.457
there are no significant d elivery and service relations.  in the and fiscal years the group has business relations wi th nonconsolidated subsidia ries associates and joint ventures.  transactions with these related parties result in gene ral from the delivery and service relations in the ordinary cou rse of business the extent of the business relations is presented in the following table related party transactions sales supplies and services receivables total liabilities million year endedsept.  year endedsept

Score 0.456
such evidence includes for example operating permits preliminary reviews in respect of environmental impact assessments or the environmental impact assessments themselves environmental audits or specific risk analyses in respect of th e requirements described in this section.  thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy dnsh criteria transition to a circular economy as a rule the dnsh criteria in respect of transition to a circular economy require an assessment of the availability and where feasible adoption of techniques that support the following practices use of secondary raw materials and reused components in manufactured products design for high durability recyclability easy disassembly and adaptability of products waste management that prioritizes recycling over disposal in the manufacturing process information on and traceability of substances of concern in products in the case of business activities that are considered in the screening procedure for taxonomy alignment in a reporting year suitable evidence is obtained for the sites of relevance to the performance of these activities on the basis of which it can be established that an asse ssment of the availability of processes in support of the circular economy has been performed or that such practices are already used in the context of this business activity .  such evidence includes for example operating permits compliance audits relating to waste disposal law environmental audits or productspecific documents that provide information about the composition of materials or other properties of the products manufactured in the course this business activity that are relevant to this matter.  dnsh criteria pollution prevention and control the dnsh criteria relating to pollution prevention and control require that economic activities do not lead to the manufacture placing on the market or use of substances or groups of substances whether on their own in mixtures or in articles that are subject to european regulation

Score 0.456
. .  of the regulation as well as capital expenditure in accordance with annex i point .

Score 0.456
. .  of the regulation as well as oper ating expenditure in accordance with annex i point .

Score 0.456
based on the analysis of the value potential of the groups businesses and the opportunities and risks of strategic steps critical operating issues were presented to the supervisory board for discussion.  where required by law the articles of association or the rules of procedure for the executive board the supervisory board gives its approval for individual business transactions.  some of the discussions by the supervisory board were difficult and on two matters so confrontational that it was only possible to adopt a resolution by using the supervisory board chairmans casting vote provided for by law.  on both sides of the supervisory board all members were unanimous that this last resort should be an absolute exception

Score 0.454
in the case of business activities that are considered in the screening procedure for taxonomy alig nment in a reporting year suitable evidence is obtained for the sites of relevance to the performance of these activities on the basis of which it can be established that such risk analyses have been performed and any necessary mitigation measures have been implemented.  such evidence includes for example operating permits preliminary reviews in respect of environmental impact assessments or the environmental impact assessments themselves environmental audits or specific risk analyses in respect of th e requirements described in this section.  thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy dnsh criteria transition to a circular economy as a rule the dnsh criteria in respect of transition to a circular economy require an assessment of the availability and where feasible adoption of techniques that support the following practices use of secondary raw materials and reused components in manufactured products design for high durability recyclability easy disassembly and adaptability of products waste management that prioritizes recycling over disposal in the manufacturing process information on and traceability of substances of concern in products in the case of business activities that are considered in the screening procedure for taxonomy alignment in a reporting year suitable evidence is obtained for the sites of relevance to the performance of these activities on the basis of which it can be established that an asse ssment of the availability of processes in support of the circular economy has been performed or that such practices are already used in the context of this business activity .  such evidence includes for example operating permits compliance audits relating to waste disposal law environmental audits or productspecific documents that provide information about the composition of materials or other properties of the products manufactured in the course this business activity that are relevant to this matter

Score 0.454
the proportion of this amount that is taxonomyaligned is determined in accordance with the eu taxonomy taking into account the technical screening criteria and compliance with the minimum safeguards.  in accordance with the delegated act this amount forms the numerator in the calculation of the opex kpi.  in addition to operating expenditure for business activities that are already taxonomyaligned th e numerator also includes operating expenditure which is used to expand taxonomyaligned business activities or to allow taxonomyeligible business activities to become taxonomyaligned and which is part of a capex plan in accordance with annex i point .

Score 0.453
performance in respect of the eu taxonomy in fiscal year the turnover generated by taxonomyeligible economic activities amounted to million which was of the groups total turnover.  this increase by percentage points resulted mainly from the firsttime classification of the economic activities manufacture of automotive and mobility components and manufacturing of aircraft as taxonomyeligible in the reporting year it was offset primarily by declines in turnover in the steel business.  taxonomyeligible capex of million in the reporting year accounted for of total capital expenditure which was percentage points higher than in the prior year.  taxonomyeligible opex in the reporting year amounted to million which was of total operating expenditure and percentage points higher than in the prior year

Score 0.453
manufacture of renewable energy technologies thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations ccm .  manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations ccm .  manufacture of iron and steel thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations ccm .  material recovery from nonhazardous waste thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations contextual information on the key performance indicator related to operating expenditure opex million operating expenditure related to taxonomyaligned business activities operating expenditure as part of a capex plan operating expenditure in accordance with eu annex i no

Score 0.453
this applies analogously to capital and operating expenditures associated with these business activities irrespective of their intended purpose.  for example on the basis of their intended purpose capital expe nditures for a business activity could potentially be allocated to a different economic activity listed in the delegated acts which in turn could involve different screening criteria.  this is ruled out by ap plying the principle that turnover has the priority.  in the case of business activities allocated to a research and developmentrelated economic activity on the basis of turnover the technical screening criteria are derived from capital and operating expenditure

Score 0.453
in the case of business activities that are considered in the screening procedure for taxonomy alignment in a reporting year suitable evidence is obtained for the sites of relevance on the basis of which it can be established that such assessments or screening have been completed and the necessary mitigation measures have been implemented.  such evidence includes for example operating permits preliminary reviews and environmental impact assessments environmental audi ts or specific risk analyses in respect of the requirements described above.  compliance with the minimum safeguards article of the eu taxonomy specifies minimum safeguards that companies are required to fulfill in order to disclose taxonomyaligned turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure.  these require companies to have implemented procedures to ensure compliance with the oecd guidelines for multinational enterprises including the requirements for responsible business contact in the areas of taxes competition and fighting corruption the un guiding principles on business and human rights including the principles and rights set out in the declaration of the international labour organization on fundamental principles and rights at work and the international bill of human rights

Score 0.452
the decline in inventories contained therein mainly concerned the materials businesses in the materials services segment and were induced by both prices and volumes.  in addition declines resulted from the deconsolidation of thyssenkrupp industries india at the start of may and from reclassifications in connection with the assets held for sale in the thyssenkrupp electrical steel india disposal group.  increases in inventories primarily in the automotive technology and marine systems segments had an opposing effect.  the decrease in trade accounts receivable resulted mainly from business and sales trends in the materials services and steel euro pe segments alongside the aforementioned deconsolidation of thyssenkrupp industries india and the reclassifications in connection with the assets held for sa le in the thyssenkrupp electrical steel india disposal group this was offset by increases at marine systems in connection with the invoicing of orders

Score 0.451
of delegated regulation eu double counting of avoidance of double counting through the clear allocation of amounts or the use of appropriate allocation criteria thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy amounts that contribute to several environmental ob jective is ruled out by directly allocating the amounts in calculations to just one environmental objective of the eu taxonomy.  other methodologic al principles the disclosures for turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure for the reporting year do not include data for business activiti es that were reclassified as taxonomyeligible or allocated to the new economic activities pursuant to delegated regulation eu or delegated regulation eu .  materiality for reporting purposes the condition for including taxonomyeligible business activities in eu taxonomy reporting is that external turnover is generated by a business activity that is consistent with the description of an economic activity in accordance with the delegated acts.  if a business activity is allocated to a research and developmentrelated economic activity this must either generate external turnover or be associated with a capital expenditure capex andor operating expenditure opex

Score 0.45
in the first case it must be sa tisfied by turnover associated with a business activity and in the second case either by turnover as sociated with a business activity or by capital expenditure or operating expenditure for this activity.  turnoverbased technical screening criteria turnover is the main parameter used as the basis for technical screening criteria for assessing the taxonomy alignment of business activities.  this applies analogously to capital and operating expenditures associated with these business activities irrespective of their intended purpose.  for example on the basis of their intended purpose capital expe nditures for a business activity could potentially be allocated to a different economic activity listed in the delegated acts which in turn could involve different screening criteria

Score 0.45
this is based on three elements inform and advise identify and report and act.  this program is closely interlinked with risk management and with our internal control system.  in this way we ensure that compliance is an integral comp onent of every single business process.  the core topics of the program are corruption prevention antitrust law data protection antimoney laundering and trade compliance

Score 0.449
likewise the taxonomyaligned turnover capex and opex cover the parameters and their individual items which during a reporting period are assigned to the groups taxonomyaligned business activities directly or indirectly.  moreover taxonomyaligned turnover capex and opex may also include amounts that are part of a capex plan or are incurred for special individual measures as explained in more detail in the following paragraphs.  taxonomynoneligible turnover capex and opex are those that cannot be allocated to any of the economic activities listed in the delegated acts.  the materiality threshold for the inclusion of activities in eu taxonomy reporting is million

Score 0.449
outside these asset classes only leased assets with a value of up to are classified as low value leased assets.  furthermore the regulations are not applied to leases of intangible assets.  for contracts comprising a nonlease compo nent as well as a lease component each lease component must be accoun ted for separately from nonlease component as a lease.  the lesse e must allocate the contractually agreedupon payment to the separate lease components based on the relative standalone selling p rice of the lease component and the aggregated standalone selling price of the nonlease components

Score 0.449
the value in use amounts to a total of million.  moreover impairment testing in the materials services segment in the nd quarter ended march identified the need for impairment in the warehousing business in germany the uk and hu ngary and in the automotiverelated service centers in germany.  in the warehousing business impairment losses totaling million were recognized.  thereof million relate to technical machiner y and equipment million to other equipment factory and office equipment and million to development costs that were recogniz ed in selling expenses

Score 0.448
in addition the compliance function acts as groupwide advisor coordinator and consolidator to the organizational units that are directly responsible for further compliance topics such as occupational safety management of external workforce equal treatment information se curity supplier compliance the supply chain act as well as the environm ent energy and climate.  the further compliance topic relating to the supply chain act the focu s of which is on implementing human rights and environmentrelated due diligence obligations pursuant to the german act on corporate due diligence obligations in supply chains was added in the reporting year and the existing further compliance topics of environment energy and climate were further developed.  substantive responsibility for the further compliance topics remains with the competent corporate group functions or the relevant segment.  the compliance function and the people responsible for the content engage in an intensive dialog and utilize synergies which arise in particular within the organization and in processes and methodology

Score 0.448
taxonomynoneligible activities sales of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy proportion of capital expendit ure associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering fiscal year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria economic activities code capex share ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ms n category a.  taxonomyeligible activities million y n nel yn yn e t a. .  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm

Score 0.448
.  of delegated regulation eu double counting of avoidance of double counting through the clear allocation of amounts or the use of appropriate allocation criteria thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy amounts that contribute to several environmental ob jective is ruled out by directly allocating the amounts in calculations to just one environmental objective of the eu taxonomy.  other methodologic al principles the disclosures for turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure for the reporting year do not include data for business activiti es that were reclassified as taxonomyeligible or allocated to the new economic activities pursuant to delegated regulation eu or delegated regulation eu .  materiality for reporting purposes the condition for including taxonomyeligible business activities in eu taxonomy reporting is that external turnover is generated by a business activity that is consistent with the description of an economic activity in accordance with the delegated acts

Score 0.448
the gross carrying amounts and the impairment losses on trade acco unts receivable recognized at amortized cost as well as contr act assets developed as follows impairment of trade accounts receivable recognized at amortized cost as well as contract assets million gross carrying amount expected credit loss defaults total of impairments carryin g amountbalance as of oct.  currency differences acquisitionsdivestitures of businesses additions amounts utilized reversals transfer between impairment stages other changes balance as of sept.  currency differences acquisitionsdivestitures of businesses additions amounts utilized reversals transfer between impairment stages other changes balance as of sept.  the presentation of the gross values of contract assets as of oct

Score 0.447
of delegated regulation eu by allocating amounts directly to economic activities.  if direct allo cation is not possible allocation is done with the aid of appropriate allocation criteria.  for all parameters turnover with certain customer groups can be used as an allocation criterion.  in the case of the turnover parameter allocation can be based on representative samples taking local market conditions into account for the capital expenditure and operating expenditure parameters unitbased allocation criteria can be used

Score 0.447
a materiality threshold of million applies in both cases.  in the first case it must be sa tisfied by turnover associated with a business activity and in the second case either by turnover as sociated with a business activity or by capital expenditure or operating expenditure for this activity.  turnoverbased technical screening criteria turnover is the main parameter used as the basis for technical screening criteria for assessing the taxonomy alignment of business activities.  this applies analogously to capital and operating expenditures associated with these business activities irrespective of their intended purpose

Score 0.446
.  c.  performance in respect of the eu taxonomy in fiscal year the turnover generated by taxonomyeligible economic activities amounted to million which was of the groups total turnover.  this increase by percentage points resulted mainly from the firsttime classification of the economic activities manufacture of automotive and mobility components and manufacturing of aircraft as taxonomyeligible in the reporting year it was offset primarily by declines in turnover in the steel business

Score 0.445
impairments in the materials services segment including impairments on corporate assets in the st quarter ended december due to the decline in demand in the warehousing business caused especially by the w eak german economy and the asso ciated lower expectations for the future result of operations it was necessary to recognize impairm ent losses of million in the materials germany business field in the distribution services business unit of the materials servi ces segment.  thereof million related to technical machinery and equipment million to buildings and million to development costs that were recognized in selling expenses.  the recoverable amount relevant for determining the respective impairment loss is the value in use for which a discount rate after tax of .  was applied

Score 0.445
where a contract with a customer has multiple distinct performa nce obligations the transaction price is allocated to the perfo rmance obligations by reference to their relative standalone selling prices.  the standalone selling prices are determined on the basis of directly observable market prices or using recognized estimation methods.  if distinct performance obligat ions are satisfied acting as an agent the revenue recognized is not the gross amount payable by the customer but only the net amount retained as a commissionlike fee fo r the respective performance obligation.  thyssenkrupp annual report group financial statements thyssenkrupp group notes to the financial statements revenue from the sale of goods and commodities is recognized at the point in time at which control is transferred to the custom er

Score 0.444
sept.  raw materials production supplies work in progress finished products merchandise total inventories of million prior year million have a remaining term of more than one year.  inventories of million prior year million are recognized as an expense during the period.  pricerelated writedowns of inventories amounting to million are included in the cost of sales prior year writeups of inventories of million

Score 0.444
c.  performance in respect of the eu taxonomy in fiscal year the turnover generated by taxonomyeligible economic activities amounted to million which was of the groups total turnover.  this increase by percentage points resulted mainly from the firsttime classification of the economic activities manufacture of automotive and mobility components and manufacturing of aircraft as taxonomyeligible in the reporting year it was offset primarily by declines in turnover in the steel business.  taxonomyeligible capex of million in the reporting year accounted for of total capital expenditure which was percentage points higher than in the prior year

Score 0.444
of delegated regulation eu the total amount of operating expenditure is used as the denominator in the calculation of the opex kpi.  the proportion of this amount that is taxonomyaligned is determined in accordance with the eu taxonomy taking into account the technical screening criteria and compliance with the minimum safeguards.  in accordance with the delegated act this amount forms the numerator in the calculation of the opex kpi.  in addition to operating expenditure for business activities that are already taxonomyaligned th e numerator also includes operating expenditure which is used to expand taxonomyaligned business activities or to allow taxonomyeligible business activities to become taxonomyaligned and which is part of a capex plan in accordance with annex i point

Score 0.444
unconditional rights to receive payment are recognized under trade accounts receivable and from this point payment automaticall y becomes due with the passage of time.  if the payments received or due from the customer exceed the performance obligations fulf illed contract liabilities are recognized in the statement of financial position on a net basis.  government grants government grants are only recognized if there is reasonable assurance that the associated conditions will be met and the grant s will be granted.  investment grants are recorded as a reduction of acquisition or production costs of the assets in question and lead to a corresponding reduction of depreciation in subsequent periods

Score 0.444
the group reports assets and liabilitie s as a disposal group that will be disposed of by sale or otherwise in a single transaction which collectively meet the held for sale cr iteria as specified in ifrs noncurrent assets held for sale and discontinued operations.  the group reports the assets and liabilities of a disposal group separately in the balance sheet line item assets held for saledisposal and liabilities associated with assets held for saledisposal respectively.  unless a disposal group qualifies for discontinued operations reporting the revenues and expenses of the disposal group remain within continuing operations until th e date of disposal.  the group reports the results of a disposal group that also qualifies as a separate component of the group as discont inued operations if it represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations

Score 0.443
i n addition in accordance with article point f of the eu audit regulati on we declare that we have not provided nonaudit services pr ohibited under article of the eu audi t regulation.  we believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinions on the consolidated financial statements and on the combined management report. note on highlighting an issue immanent risk due to uncertainties regarding the legal conformity of the interpretation of the eu taxonomy regulation we refer to the explanations provided by the management in the section eu taxonomy of the combined nonfinancial statement of the company and the group integrated into the combined management report pursuant to sections b c hgb and sections b c hgb.  this section describes that the eu taxonomy regulation and its related delegated acts contain formulations and terms that are s till subject to significant interpretative uncertainties for which clarifications have not yet been published in every case

Score 0.443
in special items of million mainly related to the steel europe segment and result most ly from impairment losses on assets see also note .  thyssenkrupp annual report group financial statements thyssenkrupp group notes to the financial statements total assets in accordance with the consolidated statement of financial position can be reconciled to average capital employed as follows reconciliation total assets to capital employed million sept.  sept.  total assets deferred tax assets current income tax assets cash and cash equivalents adjustment due to included assets classified as nonoperating items liability items reducing capital employed provisions for other noncurrent employee benefits other provisions noncurrent other nonfinancial liabilities noncurrent provisions for current employee benefits other provisions current trade accounts payable other financial liabilities current contract liabilities other nonfinancial liabilities current adjustments due to included liabilities classified as nonoperating items adjustments of assetsliabilities due to presentation of disposal groups capital employed as of balance sheet date impact from adjusting average capital employed to capital employed as of balance sheet date average capital employed pointaverage correction factors with increasing impact on performance requirements for positive value added average capital employed as presented in segment reporting thyssenkrupp annual report group financial statements thyssenkrupp group notes to the financial statements in presenting information for geographical areas allocation of sales is based on the location of the customer

Score 0.443
derivative assets and liabili ties are part of other financial assets and liabilities.  information on hedging instruments in the context of cash flow hedges and fair value hedges carrying amount on balance sheet sept.  million derivative assets derivative liabilities designated part o f hedging instrumentsfair value chan ge of hedged itemhedging of foreign currency risk foreign currency derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges hedging of interest risk interest rate derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges interest rate derivatives qualifying as fair value hedges hedging of commodity risk commodity derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges commodity derivatives qualifying as fair value hedges inclusive of cross currency swaps information on hedging instruments in the context of cash flow hedges and fair value hedges carrying amount on balance sheet sept.  million derivative assets derivative liabilities designated part o f hedging instrumentsfair value chan ge of hedged itemhedging of foreign currency risk foreign currency derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges hedging of interest risk interest rate derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges interest rate derivatives qualifying as fair value hedges hedging of commodity risk commodity derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges commodity derivatives qualifying as fair value hedges inclusive of cross currency swaps cash flows from future transactions are cu rrently hedged for a maximum of months

Score 0.442
further details on production risks in our businesses can be found in the section operational risks of the businesses.  sales risks the risks described in the section macroec onomic risks may di minish our business prospects on individual markets and therefore lead to sales risks.  when developments become established we carry out marketoriented adjustments or relocate capacities.  we counter sales risks resulting from dependence on individual markets and industries by focusing our businesses systematically on the markets of th e future

Score 0.442
b.  taxonomynoneligible activities sales of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy proportion of capital expendit ure associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering fiscal year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria economic activities code capex share ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ms n category a.  taxonomyeligible activities million y n nel yn yn e t a.