Scores_c_MANUFACTURINGScore 0.627
this includes the verification of the recycling or disposal of waste generated during construction and demolition. pollution prevention and control with regard to the dnsh criteria for economic activity .  under appendix c annex i of the delegated act of the eu delegated regulation eu the taxonomy regulation refers to the concept of avoiding the manufacturing placing on the market or use of restricted and reportable substances subject to current european legislation on chemicals.  the implementation of internal processes for specification approval and control is intended to ensure compliance with european regulations according to appendix c and respective national legislations

Score 0.53
the applicable dnsh criteria were analysed and checked for adherence.  this includes the verification of the recycling or disposal of waste generated during construction and demolition. pollution prevention and control with regard to the dnsh criteria for economic activity .  under appendix c annex i of the delegated act of the eu delegated regulation eu the taxonomy regulation refers to the concept of avoiding the manufacturing placing on the market or use of restricted and reportable substances subject to current european legislation on chemicals

Score 0.516
for example load carriers and the materials used for securing loads and cargo are now where possible reused in a closed cycle as are steel barrels e. g.  for thermal conductive paste adhesives and lubricants. in the reporting year mercedesbenz cars reduced the total amount of waste per vehicle by and the amount of waste for disposal per vehicle by compared to

Score 0.515
environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyalignedmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y eoperating expenditure of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  y y of which enabling activity y y e of which transitional activity ta.  taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned activitiesel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm

Score 0.514
in order to improve its environmental footprint in production operations the group has set reduction targets for energy water and waste at all of its production sites worldwide. in order to achieve its goals the group uses groupwide resource management with its environmental and energy management systems to ensure that appropriate measures are developed adapted to challenges where necessary and monitored. in order to ensure efficient highquality and environmentally friendly manufacturing operations the group has established an environmental management system certified in accordance with iso at its production sites around the world.  all german manufacturing locations and the two european production sites in kecskemt hungary and vitoria spain have also been validated in accordance with emas

Score 0.511
in addition according to the delegated act relating to article of the taxonomy regulation expenditure from the key figures were audited in order to obtain limited assurance as part of a separate assurance engagement of the sustainability report. building renovation measures and certain maintenance and repair expenses basically labour and material costs as well as purchased services relating to property plant and equipment are included.  these components of the relevant operating expenditures were collected exclusively from the manufacturing companies on the basis of materiality considerations. in a manner similar to the approach taken for capital expenditure the relevant operating expenditures were also examined here for the determination of the numerator on the basis of the materiality considerations mentioned above to determine whether they are related to the manufacture of vehicles

Score 0.508
relates to assets or processes in the context of already existing technologies which are connected to already existing taxonomyaligned economic activities .  and . .  for most of the capital expenditure relating to the industrial business a direct attribution was made to allelectric vehicle projects

Score 0.506
building renovation measures and certain maintenance and repair expenses basically labour and material costs as well as purchased services relating to property plant and equipment are included.  these components of the relevant operating expenditures were collected exclusively from the manufacturing companies on the basis of materiality considerations. in a manner similar to the approach taken for capital expenditure the relevant operating expenditures were also examined here for the determination of the numerator on the basis of the materiality considerations mentioned above to determine whether they are related to the manufacture of vehicles.  this applies to the operating expenditure described

Score 0.505
taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned activitiesel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel freight transport services by road ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel sale of secondhand goods ce

Score 0.503
under appendix c annex i of the delegated act of the eu delegated regulation eu the taxonomy regulation refers to the concept of avoiding the manufacturing placing on the market or use of restricted and reportable substances subject to current european legislation on chemicals.  the implementation of internal processes for specification approval and control is intended to ensure compliance with european regulations according to appendix c and respective national legislations.  the global automotive declarable substance list gadsl forms the basis for the prohibition and declaration requirement of substances in mercedesbenz products.  the mercedesbenz group also defines specifications for substitution analyses and thus for the use of less critical hazardous substances

Score 0.503
pollution prevention and control with regard to the dnsh criteria for economic activity .  under appendix c annex i of the delegated act of the eu delegated regulation eu the taxonomy regulation refers to the concept of avoiding the manufacturing placing on the market or use of restricted and reportable substances subject to current european legislation on chemicals.  the implementation of internal processes for specification approval and control is intended to ensure compliance with european regulations according to appendix c and respective national legislations.  the global automotive declarable substance list gadsl forms the basis for the prohibition and declaration requirement of substances in mercedesbenz products

Score 0.501
y nel nel nel nel nel y y eoperating expenditure of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  y y of which enabling activity y y e of which transitional activity ta.  taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned activitiesel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel operating expenditure of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a

Score 0.5
capital expenditure category enabling activitycategory transitional activity in millions of euros in y n nely n nely n nely n nely n nely n nelyn yn in e ta.  taxonomyeligible activitiesa.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyalignedmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  y n nel nel nel nel y y etransport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm

Score 0.499
the eu taxonomy regulation requires an assessment and if possible the application of measures that promote the transition to a circular economy including the use of secondary materials high durability of products and waste management in production.  when developing products the mercedesbenz group considers the concept of circular economy from the very start and has set itself the overarching goal of increasing its use of secondary materials in vehicles.  in addition the dnsh criteria for economic activity .  are taken into account through the implementation of the legal requirements on recyclability and reusability for passenger car models and light commercial vehicles

Score 0.498
operating expenditurecategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity in millions of euros in y n nely n nely n nely n nely n nely n nelyn yn in e ta.  taxonomyeligible activitiesa.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyalignedmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y eoperating expenditure of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.498
production procurement innovation research and development technology salesbrands capital markets the specification examples in the parentheses for the areas shown above are not complete in addition expertise does not have to be demonstrated for every specified item in the parentheses for each area.  on the basis of the table qualification matrix of the supervisory board members the supervisory board as a whole in its current composition meets the defined requirements pertaining to its expertiseexperience.  more than three members of the supervisory board have relevant knowledge andor experience in each of the areas of expertise shown above.  the explanations shown below regarding the members of the supervisory board who are mentioned by name should therefore be viewed as examples

Score 0.497
in order to achieve its goals the group uses groupwide resource management with its environmental and energy management systems to ensure that appropriate measures are developed adapted to challenges where necessary and monitored. in order to ensure efficient highquality and environmentally friendly manufacturing operations the group has established an environmental management system certified in accordance with iso at its production sites around the world.  all german manufacturing locations and the two european production sites in kecskemt hungary and vitoria spain have also been validated in accordance with emas.  in addition the german production sites have had energy management systems conforming to din en iso in place since and the group has these systems certified every three years

Score 0.497
or taxonomy eligible a.  revenuecategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity in millions of euros in y n nely n nely n nely n nely n nely n nelyn yn in e ta.  taxonomyeligible activitiesa.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyalignedmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm

Score 0.495
only taxonomyeligible activities can be considered as environmentally sustainable activities or as being taxonomyaligned provided they meet certain technical screening criteria.  here the fulfilment of certain technical screening criteria with regard to the relevant economic activities must make a substantial contribution to an environmental objective defined by the taxonomy regulation and on the basis of defined do no significant harm criteria dnsh criteria also exclude the possibility of significant interference with another environmental objective.  it must also be ensured that minimum standards are met with regard to issues such as upholding human rights or combating corruption minimum safeguards. fulfilment of a substantial contribution to the environmental objective climate change mitigationaccording to the delegated act all vehicles below the current limit value of g co km per vehicle in accordance with the wltp as defined in the technical screening criteria make a substantial contribution to the climate change mitigation environmental objective

Score 0.494
y y of which enabling activity y y e of which transitional activity ta.  taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned activitiesel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel operating expenditure of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  a

Score 0.493
as taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable.  an assessment of taxonomyalignment has not been carried out. the individual economic activities are additionally to be classified according to enabling activities and transitional activities.  an enabling activity is an economic activity that makes a substantial contribution to one or more environmental objectives by directly enabling further activities to also make a substantial contribution

Score 0.493
taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned activitiesel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel operating expenditure of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  a.  operating expenditure of taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.492
with regard to car manufacturer in particular and as an example the document shows that the activity manufacture of lowcarbon vehicles also includes vehicles with combustion engines.  for the mercedesbenz group this clarification by the european commission means that the manufacture of all group vehicles is to be classified as taxonomyeligible.  contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information nonfinancial declarationannual report mercedesbenz groupeconomic activity .  relates to leasing and sales financing of all cars and vans purchased from third parties

Score 0.491
these components of the relevant operating expenditures were collected exclusively from the manufacturing companies on the basis of materiality considerations. in a manner similar to the approach taken for capital expenditure the relevant operating expenditures were also examined here for the determination of the numerator on the basis of the materiality considerations mentioned above to determine whether they are related to the manufacture of vehicles.  this applies to the operating expenditure described. operating expenditure taxonomyaligned operating expenditure total operating expenditure proportion of taxonomyaligned operating expendituretaxonomyaligned operating expenditure total operating expenditure proportion of taxonomyaligned operating expenditurein millions of euros in millions of euros in in millions of euros in millions of euros in noncapitalized research and development costs other operating expenditure total taxonomyalignment of operating expenditure in order to calculate the taxonomyaligned proportion of economic activities under a

Score 0.489
y y of which enabling activity y y e of which transitional activity ta.  taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned activitiesel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel freight transport services by road ccm

Score 0.489
or taxonomyeligible a.  capital expenditure category enabling activitycategory transitional activity in millions of euros in y n nely n nely n nely n nely n nely n nelyn yn in e ta.  taxonomyeligible activitiesa.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyalignedmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm

Score 0.487
the costs of internally produced equipment and facilities include all direct costs and allocable overheads.  acquisition or manufacturing costs include the estimated costs if any of dismantling and removing the item and restoring the site as well as borrowing costs.  depreciable property plant and equipment are written down by scheduled depreciation over the corresponding useful life generally on a straightline basis.  the useful lives of property plant and equipment are shown in the following table

Score 0.486
this includes training preventive and corrective measures risk analyses documentation for tracking and reporting purposes and effectiveness checks.  the mercedesbenz group uses these tools in order to increase the transparency of the supply chain and ensures that the internationally recognized human rights are upheld by business partners as well and that other social standards and environmental requirements are met.  the procurement units for production materials nonproduction materials and services play a key role here.  further information in the chapters social compliance and environmental issues

Score 0.485
the implementation of internal processes for specification approval and control is intended to ensure compliance with european regulations according to appendix c and respective national legislations.  the global automotive declarable substance list gadsl forms the basis for the prohibition and declaration requirement of substances in mercedesbenz products.  the mercedesbenz group also defines specifications for substitution analyses and thus for the use of less critical hazardous substances.  with regard to economic activity

Score 0.483
these operating expenditures include noncapitalized research and development costs and costs arising from shortterm leasing agreements.  in addition according to the delegated act relating to article of the taxonomy regulation expenditure from the key figures were audited in order to obtain limited assurance as part of a separate assurance engagement of the sustainability report. building renovation measures and certain maintenance and repair expenses basically labour and material costs as well as purchased services relating to property plant and equipment are included.  these components of the relevant operating expenditures were collected exclusively from the manufacturing companies on the basis of materiality considerations

Score 0.483
the procurement units for production materials nonproduction materials and services play a key role here. in addition tier suppliers were continuously screened for human rights violations and breaches of environmental standards in the reporting year.  the objective is to identify possible violations at an early stage on the basis of the latest supplier data.  should there be any indication revealed the responsible procurement department initiates an extensive examination of the situation

Score 0.483
in order to continue increasing its use of recycled materials mercedesbenz ag is working with its suppliers to develop aluminium alloys with high endoflife scrap potential from old vehicles or packaging for example.  in addition by amending existing supply agreements mercedesbenz ag and its suppliers continued to work on the decarbonization of the aluminium supply chain for all of their production operations in europe.  at least one third of the primary aluminium that will be used for new electric models in europe is to be produced using energy from renewable sources. in secondary material targets were defined for mercedesbenz cars and mercedesbenz vans and these were then firmly incorporated into the requirements for contract awards

Score 0.483
with regard to economic activity .  the reductions due to the dnsh requirements of the environmental objective pollution prevention and control were taken into account in the taxonomyalignment of revenues and investments. fulfilment of minimum safeguards an economic activity can only be classified as environmentally sustainable within the meaning of the taxonomy if it is also conducted in accordance with certain minimum standards that are based on international frameworks.  here article of the taxonomy regulation references the oecd guidelines for multinational enterprises the united nations guiding principles on business and human rights including the basic principles and rights from the eight core conventions defined in the international labour organizations declaration on fundamental principles and rights at work and the international bill of human rights

Score 0.482
or taxonomyeligible a.  operating expenditurecategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity in millions of euros in y n nely n nely n nely n nely n nely n nelyn yn in e ta.  taxonomyeligible activitiesa.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyalignedmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm

Score 0.481
requirements for suppliersthe mercedesbenz group is committed to the responsible procurement of production materials nonproduction materials and services.  the group has incorporated the guidelines for sustainable supply chain management into the responsible sourcing standards rss.  they define minimum requirements and expectations for direct suppliers and contractually oblige them to comply with these requirements to communicate them to their employees and upstream stages of the value chain and to monitor compliance with them in their business processes and sphere of influence. the goal here is to prevent minimize or if possible bring to an end any negative impacts on human rights worldwide

Score 0.481
the procurement units for production materials nonproduction materials and services play a key role here.  further information in the chapters social compliance and environmental issues.  contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information nonfinancial declarationannual report mercedesbenz groupcomplaint managementthe business people protection office bpo whistleblower system makes it possible for employees and external whistleblowers around the world to report rules violations.  with regard to supply chains suspected violations of the responsible sourcing standards can be reported via the bpo

Score 0.48
this regulation governs the establishment of a standardized and legally binding classification system that defines the types of economic activity in the eu that are considered to be taxonomyaligned and thus environmentally sustainable with regard to six environmental objectives established by the regulation climate change mitigation climate change adaptation sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystemscompanies that are required to publish a nonfinancial declaration must also comply with the taxonomy regulation.  according to article of the taxonomy regulation the taxonomyaligned proportions of revenue capital expenditure and operating expenditure accounted for by environmentally sustainable economic activities are to be reported on an annual basis.  taxonomyeligibilitytaxonomyeligibility is assessed in an initial step.  for an economic activity to be taxonomyeligible that activity must be mentioned and explained in further detail in the delegated acts for the taxonomy regulation

Score 0.48
y y of which enabling activity y y e of which transitional activity ta.  taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned activitiesel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  el el nel nel nel nel transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel capital expenditure of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a

Score 0.48
measures in the supply chainthe mercedesbenz group uses a variety of measures and concepts to ensure the fulfilment of its due diligence obligations in the supply chain.  this includes training preventive and corrective measures risk analyses documentation for tracking and reporting purposes and effectiveness checks.  with these instruments the mercedesbenz group intends to increase transparency in the supply chain and to ensure that internationally recognized human rights are upheld by business partners as well and that other social standards and environmental requirements are met.  the procurement units for production materials nonproduction materials and services play a key role here

Score 0.48
.  y nel nel nel nel nel y y erevenue from environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  y y of which enabling activity y y e of which transitional activity ta.  taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned activitiesel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm

Score 0.479
these are contractually stipulated with direct suppliers and are applied worldwide.  the goal here is to prevent minimize or if possible put a stop to any negative effects on human rights worldwide.  the rss define the minimum requirements for suppliers.  they are already used as a basis for the tendering process for suppliers of production materials

Score 0.479
revenuecategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity in millions of euros in y n nely n nely n nely n nely n nely n nelyn yn in e ta.  taxonomyeligible activitiesa.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyalignedmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y etransport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm

Score 0.477
the reductions due to the dnsh requirements of the environmental objective pollution prevention and control were taken into account in the taxonomyalignment of revenues and investments. fulfilment of minimum safeguards an economic activity can only be classified as environmentally sustainable within the meaning of the taxonomy if it is also conducted in accordance with certain minimum standards that are based on international frameworks.  here article of the taxonomy regulation references the oecd guidelines for multinational enterprises the united nations guiding principles on business and human rights including the basic principles and rights from the eight core conventions defined in the international labour organizations declaration on fundamental principles and rights at work and the international bill of human rights.  the taxonomy regulation itself does not further specify the standards

Score 0.476
are taken into account through the implementation of the legal requirements on recyclability and reusability for passenger car models and light commercial vehicles. the mercedesbenz group is intensifying its efforts to use lower volumes of raw materials and other materials in its production operations.  in accordance with the waste hierarchy the companys primary goal is to avoid waste.  for its own production sites worldwide the mercedesbenz group has set reduction targets for factors such as total waste volume and waste volume for disposal per vehicle

Score 0.474
if the misconduct or problem falls within the suppliers area of responsibility the supplier must take measures to immediately correct or eliminate the problem.  contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information nonfinancial declarationannual report mercedesbenz groupeu taxonomyone of the important goals of the commission action plan on financing sustainable growth in the context of the european green deal is to divert capital flows to sustainable investments.  this is also the logic behind the eu taxonomy regulation eu that came into force in mid.  this regulation governs the establishment of a standardized and legally binding classification system that defines the types of economic activity in the eu that are considered to be taxonomyaligned and thus environmentally sustainable with regard to six environmental objectives established by the regulation climate change mitigation climate change adaptation sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystemscompanies that are required to publish a nonfinancial declaration must also comply with the taxonomy regulation

Score 0.473
furthermore it continues to reduce waste such as clippings sands filter media and slurries through the implementation of new or optimized production processes.  the mercedesbenz group also works with some suppliers in order to avoid waste.  for example load carriers and the materials used for securing loads and cargo are now where possible reused in a closed cycle as are steel barrels e. g

Score 0.472
the mercedesbenz group is intensifying its efforts to use lower volumes of raw materials and other materials in its production operations.  in accordance with the waste hierarchy the companys primary goal is to avoid waste.  for its own production sites worldwide the mercedesbenz group has set reduction targets for factors such as total waste volume and waste volume for disposal per vehicle.  waste management is also a component of the groups internal environmental risk assessment

Score 0.47
taxonomyeligible activitiesa.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyalignedmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y eoperating expenditure of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  y y of which enabling activity y y e of which transitional activity ta

Score 0.469
in addition the dnsh criteria for economic activity .  are taken into account through the implementation of the legal requirements on recyclability and reusability for passenger car models and light commercial vehicles. the mercedesbenz group is intensifying its efforts to use lower volumes of raw materials and other materials in its production operations.  in accordance with the waste hierarchy the companys primary goal is to avoid waste

Score 0.469
acquisition or manufacturing costs include the estimated costs if any of dismantling and removing the item and restoring the site as well as borrowing costs.  depreciable property plant and equipment are written down by scheduled depreciation over the corresponding useful life generally on a straightline basis.  the useful lives of property plant and equipment are shown in the following table.  useful lives of property plant and equipment buildings and site improvements to years technical equipment and machinery to years other equipment factory and office equipment to years leasing leases include all contracts that transfer the right to use a specified asset for a stated period of time in exchange for consideration even if the transfer of the right to use such asset is not explicitly described in the contract

Score 0.469
taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned activitiesel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  el el nel nel nel nel transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel capital expenditure of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  a

Score 0.469
measures in the supply chainthe mercedesbenz group uses a variety of measures and concepts to ensure the fulfilment of its due diligence obligations in the supply chain.  this includes training preventive and corrective measures risk analyses documentation for tracking and reporting purposes and effectiveness checks.  the mercedesbenz group uses these tools in order to increase the transparency of the supply chain and ensures that the internationally recognized human rights are upheld by business partners as well and that other social standards and environmental requirements are met.  the procurement units for production materials nonproduction materials and services play a key role here

Score 0.467
an assessment of taxonomyalignment has not been carried out. the individual economic activities are additionally to be classified according to enabling activities and transitional activities.  an enabling activity is an economic activity that makes a substantial contribution to one or more environmental objectives by directly enabling further activities to also make a substantial contribution.  at the mercedesbenz group this mostly applies to the economic activities

Score 0.466
.  with regard to car manufacturer in particular and as an example the document shows that the activity manufacture of lowcarbon vehicles also includes vehicles with combustion engines.  for the mercedesbenz group this clarification by the european commission means that the manufacture of all group vehicles is to be classified as taxonomyeligible.  contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information nonfinancial declarationannual report mercedesbenz groupeconomic activity

Score 0.465
note on the emphasis of a particular matterwe refer to the comments of the legal representatives in the section on eu taxonomy in the section entitled nonfinancial statement that is included in the combined management report in accordance with sections b paragraph  c b paragraph  and c hgb.  there it is stated that the eu taxonomy regulation and the delegated acts promulgated for this includes wording and terms that are subject to considerable uncertainty with regard to their interpretation and for which clarifications have not yet been published in all cases.  the legal representatives describe how they have carried out the necessary interpretation of the eu taxonomy regulation and the delegated acts promulgated for this.  on account of the immanent risk that certain abstract legal terms can be interpreted in various ways the conformity of the interpretation with the law is subject to uncertainty

Score 0.465
the acquisition or manufacturing costs of inventories are generally based on the specific identification method and include costs incurred in acquiring the inventories and bringing them to their present location and condition.  acquisition or manufacturing costs for large numbers of inventories that are interchangeable are allocated under the averagecost formula.  inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements in the case of manufactured inventories and work in progress manufacturing cost also includes production overheads based on normal capacity.  financial instruments a financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument of another entity

Score 0.464
waste management is also a component of the groups internal environmental risk assessment. for economic activity .  the applicable dnsh criteria were analysed and checked for adherence.  this includes the verification of the recycling or disposal of waste generated during construction and demolition

Score 0.463
sustainability in the supply chainthe mercedesbenz group is committed to the responsible procurement of production materials nonproduction materials and services.  the group has incorporated the guidelines for sustainable supply chain management into the responsible sourcing standards rss.  these are contractually stipulated with direct suppliers and are applied worldwide.  the goal here is to prevent minimize or if possible put a stop to any negative effects on human rights worldwide

Score 0.461
sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources with regard to economic activity .  fulfilment of the dnsh criteria according to the taxonomy regulation is intended to be ensured mainly on the basis of established environmental management systems and the internal environmental risk assessment environmental due diligence process.  the company has established environmental management systems at its own production sites around the world in accordance with iso .  in addition all german and the two european manufacturing locations in kecskemet hungary and vitoria spain have also been validated in accordance with emas

Score 0.46
the rss define the minimum requirements for suppliers.  they are already used as a basis for the tendering process for suppliers of production materials.  the rss require direct suppliers to communicate the rss provisions to their own employees and to their direct suppliers and ensure that the rss are complied with in their business processes and in the areas in which they exert an influence.  suppliers are to conserve natural resources and avoid environmental damage repair any damage that does occur and compensate for such damage that cannot be avoided or repaired

Score 0.46
any excess obligation that may exist is valued at the market value of the emission allowances still to be acquired.  property plant and equipment property plant and equipment are measured at acquisition or manufacturing costs less accumulated depreciation.  if necessary accumulated impairment losses are recognized.  the costs of internally produced equipment and facilities include all direct costs and allocable overheads

Score 0.46
product working models hre. g.  personnel management employee issues working environment sustainabilityesg industry e. g

Score 0.459
if necessary accumulated impairment losses are recognized.  the costs of internally produced equipment and facilities include all direct costs and allocable overheads.  acquisition or manufacturing costs include the estimated costs if any of dismantling and removing the item and restoring the site as well as borrowing costs.  depreciable property plant and equipment are written down by scheduled depreciation over the corresponding useful life generally on a straightline basis

Score 0.458
taxonomy noneligible activities operating expenditure of taxonomy noneligible activities total a b the code constitutes the abbreviation of the relevant environmental objective to which the economic activity is eligible to make a substantial contribution.  climate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc biodiversity and ecosystems bio.  the key figures were audited in order to obtain limited assurance as part of a separate assurance engagement of the sustainability report.  description y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective nel not eligible taxonomy noneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective

Score 0.458
steel the use of secondary materials such as steel scrap can reduce primary resource requirements in line with a circular economy.  for example mercedesbenz ag and its partner therefore ensure the recycling of scrap steel from the mercedesbenz cars plant in sindelfingen germany. aluminium mercedesbenz cars and mercedesbenz vans already use recycled materials including recycled aluminium in numerous seriesproduction vehicles.  aluminium is a light metal that can be recycled without any loss of quality and the recycling process for aluminium uses less energy than would be required to produce new aluminium

Score 0.457
the taxonomyeligible economic activity .  that encompasses the sale of secondhand goods which are purchased by the mercedesbenz group from third parties was identified on the basis of the descriptions in the delegated act relating to the transition to a circular economy.  for the reporting year simplified reporting obligations apply for economic activities newly introduced by the delegated acts.  these stipulate that only reporting in relation to taxonomyeligibility is required

Score 0.457
the main human rights risks for the identified services are then determined on a stepbystep and supply chainspecific basis and appropriate measures are defined. requirements for suppliersthe mercedesbenz group is committed to the responsible procurement of production materials nonproduction materials and services.  the group has incorporated the guidelines for sustainable supply chain management into the responsible sourcing standards rss.  they define minimum requirements and expectations for direct suppliers and contractually oblige them to comply with these requirements to communicate them to their employees and upstream stages of the value chain and to monitor compliance with them in their business processes and sphere of influence

Score 0.457
the mercedesbenz group also works with some suppliers in order to avoid waste.  for example load carriers and the materials used for securing loads and cargo are now where possible reused in a closed cycle as are steel barrels e. g.  for thermal conductive paste adhesives and lubricants

Score 0.455
the mercedesbenz group generally works with licensed and regularly certified waste disposal companies to ensure the professional disposal of our waste materials in accordance with legal requirements.  furthermore it continues to reduce waste such as clippings sands filter media and slurries through the implementation of new or optimized production processes.  the mercedesbenz group also works with some suppliers in order to avoid waste.  for example load carriers and the materials used for securing loads and cargo are now where possible reused in a closed cycle as are steel barrels e

Score 0.453
mercedesbenz group requirement specifications already define a minimum proportion of recycled material for each component in new mercedesbenz cars.  this proportion varies depending on the vehicle model and series in question.  as part of its sustainable business strategy the mercedesbenz group also relies on the use of natural fibres and textiles as a means of replacing conventional plastics with renewable raw materials. steel the use of secondary materials such as steel scrap can reduce primary resource requirements in line with a circular economy

Score 0.453
a.  b.  taxonomy noneligible activities operating expenditure of taxonomy noneligible activities total a b the code constitutes the abbreviation of the relevant environmental objective to which the economic activity is eligible to make a substantial contribution.  climate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc biodiversity and ecosystems bio

Score 0.453
taxonomyalignmentin a further step taxonomyalignment must be assessed for taxonomyeligible economic activities.  only taxonomyeligible activities can be considered as environmentally sustainable activities or as being taxonomyaligned provided they meet certain technical screening criteria.  here the fulfilment of certain technical screening criteria with regard to the relevant economic activities must make a substantial contribution to an environmental objective defined by the taxonomy regulation and on the basis of defined do no significant harm criteria dnsh criteria also exclude the possibility of significant interference with another environmental objective.  it must also be ensured that minimum standards are met with regard to issues such as upholding human rights or combating corruption minimum safeguards

Score 0.453
aluminium is a light metal that can be recycled without any loss of quality and the recycling process for aluminium uses less energy than would be required to produce new aluminium.  in order to continue increasing its use of recycled materials mercedesbenz ag is working with its suppliers to develop aluminium alloys with high endoflife scrap potential from old vehicles or packaging for example.  in addition by amending existing supply agreements mercedesbenz ag and its suppliers continued to work on the decarbonization of the aluminium supply chain for all of their production operations in europe.  at least one third of the primary aluminium that will be used for new electric models in europe is to be produced using energy from renewable sources

Score 0.452
y nel nel nel nel nel y y erevenue from environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  y y of which enabling activity y y e of which transitional activity ta.  taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned activitiesel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm

Score 0.451
for an economic activity to be taxonomyeligible that activity must be mentioned and explained in further detail in the delegated acts for the taxonomy regulation.  the eu delegated acts commission delegated regulation eu and its supplement commission delegated regulation eu which was adopted by the european commission in june contain descriptions of relevant economic activities and technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives climate change mitigation and climate change adaptation.  the supplement to the delegated regulation includes new technical screening criteria that refer to both the existing economic activities and to new economic activities.  furthermore a new eu delegated act commission delegated regulation eu containing economic activities and technical screening criteria relevant for the remaining environmental objectives was published in

Score 0.451
el nel nel nel nel nel transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel freight transport services by road ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel sale of secondhand goods ce .  nel nel nel el nel nelrevenue from taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.45
in order to reduce total waste it is important to ensure transparency concerning the waste value streams and to correctly separate the various types of waste.  the mercedesbenz group generally works with licensed and regularly certified waste disposal companies to ensure the professional disposal of our waste materials in accordance with legal requirements.  furthermore it continues to reduce waste such as clippings sands filter media and slurries through the implementation of new or optimized production processes.  the mercedesbenz group also works with some suppliers in order to avoid waste

Score 0.45
exclusion of the possibility of significant interference on the basis of the do no significant harm criteriain a second step compliance with the dnsh criteria for the further environmental objectives for the respective economic activities was analysed on the basis of the defined criteria in the reporting year.  with regard to economic activity .  the fulfilment of these criteria was basically assessed at the level of those consolidated production sites where lowcarbon vehicles or associated components are currently being manufactured or plans call for them to be manufactured in the future. with regard to economic activity

Score 0.449
identification of risk raw materials and servicesin order to examine the risks associated with raw materials the mercedesbenz group first analysed the raw materials present in a vehicle and prioritized them on the basis of various factors.  it has identified critical raw materials.  the list is reviewed annually on the basis of certain criteria such as the country risk of the main mining countries and updated if necessary.  the group plans to gradually examine these critical raw materials in more detail between now and and to define corresponding measures

Score 0.449
taxonomy noneligible activities revenue of taxonomy noneligible activities total a b the code constitutes the abbreviation of the relevant environmental objective to which the economic activity is eligible to make a substantial contribution.  climate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc biodiversity and ecosystems bio.  the key figures were audited in order to obtain limited assurance as part of a separate assurance engagement of the sustainability report.  an exception to this is the total total a b which was audited with reasonable assurance as a group key figure

Score 0.448
.  co emissions of the light commercial vehicle fleet in europe in gkm co emissions of the light duty truck fleet in the united states in g co mi co emissions in production scope and scope in t energy consumption in production in gwh waste volume in production in t water consumption in production in m employee issuesemployees mercedesbenz group employees mercedesbenz cars employees mercedesbenz vans employees mercedesbenz mobility share of women in management positions mercedesbenz group level level in .  . social issues review of critical raw materials in this figure refers exclusively to allelectric vehicles

Score 0.448
for this reason the mercedesbenz group is working continuously to make production more efficient and more environmentally compatible.  in order to improve its environmental footprint in production operations the group has set reduction targets for energy water and waste at all of its production sites worldwide. in order to achieve its goals the group uses groupwide resource management with its environmental and energy management systems to ensure that appropriate measures are developed adapted to challenges where necessary and monitored. in order to ensure efficient highquality and environmentally friendly manufacturing operations the group has established an environmental management system certified in accordance with iso at its production sites around the world

Score 0.448
we regularly conduct such risk mapping in order to address current developments and adapt our risk classification if necessary.  the main human rights risks for the identified services are then determined on a stepbystep and supply chainspecific basis and appropriate measures are defined. requirements for suppliersthe mercedesbenz group is committed to the responsible procurement of production materials nonproduction materials and services.  the group has incorporated the guidelines for sustainable supply chain management into the responsible sourcing standards rss

Score 0.447
encompasses infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport charging infrastructurein a commission notice c published by the european commission on october the commission stated that the term lowcarbon only relates to the assessment of taxonomyalignment within the framework of the technical screening criteria and is not relevant for reporting on the taxonomyeligible economic activity . .  with regard to car manufacturer in particular and as an example the document shows that the activity manufacture of lowcarbon vehicles also includes vehicles with combustion engines.  for the mercedesbenz group this clarification by the european commission means that the manufacture of all group vehicles is to be classified as taxonomyeligible

Score 0.447
in the reporting year the company carried out a model seriesspecific analysis at component level in order to realize further potential for increasing secondary materials.  project milestones and the status of projects with regard to the use of secondary materials are presented on a quarterly basis in the executive bodies for the various model series.  the responsible member of the board of management of mercedesbenz cars and the responsible executive management team member of mercedesbenz vans are also provided with information on a regular basis within the framework of the activities of a committee that manages strategic sustainability matters.  with its responsible sourcing standards the mercedesbenz group has also defined other environmental requirements in its supplier agreements

Score 0.446
they are already used as a basis for the tendering process for suppliers of production materials.  the rss require direct suppliers to communicate the rss provisions to their own employees and to their direct suppliers and ensure that the rss are complied with in their business processes and in the areas in which they exert an influence.  suppliers are to conserve natural resources and avoid environmental damage repair any damage that does occur and compensate for such damage that cannot be avoided or repaired. measures in the supply chainthe mercedesbenz group uses a variety of measures and concepts to ensure the fulfilment of its due diligence obligations in the supply chain

Score 0.445
this includes training preventive and corrective measures risk analyses documentation for tracking and reporting purposes and effectiveness checks.  with these instruments the mercedesbenz group intends to increase transparency in the supply chain and to ensure that internationally recognized human rights are upheld by business partners as well and that other social standards and environmental requirements are met.  the procurement units for production materials nonproduction materials and services play a key role here. in addition tier suppliers were continuously screened for human rights violations and breaches of environmental standards in the reporting year

Score 0.444
a transitional activity in contrast is an economic activity for which there is no technological and economically feasible lowcarbon alternative but which makes a substantial contribution to climate change mitigation by supporting the transition to a climateneutral economy. taxonomyalignmentin a further step taxonomyalignment must be assessed for taxonomyeligible economic activities.  only taxonomyeligible activities can be considered as environmentally sustainable activities or as being taxonomyaligned provided they meet certain technical screening criteria.  here the fulfilment of certain technical screening criteria with regard to the relevant economic activities must make a substantial contribution to an environmental objective defined by the taxonomy regulation and on the basis of defined do no significant harm criteria dnsh criteria also exclude the possibility of significant interference with another environmental objective

Score 0.443
there it is stated that the eu taxonomy regulation and the delegated acts promulgated for this includes wording and terms that are subject to considerable uncertainty with regard to their interpretation and for which clarifications have not yet been published in all cases.  the legal representatives describe how they have carried out the necessary interpretation of the eu taxonomy regulation and the delegated acts promulgated for this.  on account of the immanent risk that certain abstract legal terms can be interpreted in various ways the conformity of the interpretation with the law is subject to uncertainty.  our opinions on the on the consolidated financial statements and on the combined management report has not been modified in this regard

Score 0.443
fulfilment of minimum safeguards an economic activity can only be classified as environmentally sustainable within the meaning of the taxonomy if it is also conducted in accordance with certain minimum standards that are based on international frameworks.  here article of the taxonomy regulation references the oecd guidelines for multinational enterprises the united nations guiding principles on business and human rights including the basic principles and rights from the eight core conventions defined in the international labour organizations declaration on fundamental principles and rights at work and the international bill of human rights.  the taxonomy regulation itself does not further specify the standards. the report published by the platform on sustainable finance in october final report on minimum safeguards assists companies with the interpretation of the scope and application of the minimum standards

Score 0.443
the increase relates in particular to finished goods spare parts and products held for resale at .  billion as a result of the introduction of the direct sales model in additional markets and model yearrelated production rampups.  furthermore the finished goods include highervalue vehicles on average. at

Score 0.443
aluminium mercedesbenz cars and mercedesbenz vans already use recycled materials including recycled aluminium in numerous seriesproduction vehicles.  aluminium is a light metal that can be recycled without any loss of quality and the recycling process for aluminium uses less energy than would be required to produce new aluminium.  in order to continue increasing its use of recycled materials mercedesbenz ag is working with its suppliers to develop aluminium alloys with high endoflife scrap potential from old vehicles or packaging for example.  in addition by amending existing supply agreements mercedesbenz ag and its suppliers continued to work on the decarbonization of the aluminium supply chain for all of their production operations in europe

Score 0.442
at least one third of the primary aluminium that will be used for new electric models in europe is to be produced using energy from renewable sources. in secondary material targets were defined for mercedesbenz cars and mercedesbenz vans and these were then firmly incorporated into the requirements for contract awards.  in the reporting year the company carried out a model seriesspecific analysis at component level in order to realize further potential for increasing secondary materials.  project milestones and the status of projects with regard to the use of secondary materials are presented on a quarterly basis in the executive bodies for the various model series

Score 0.442
according to article of the taxonomy regulation the taxonomyaligned proportions of revenue capital expenditure and operating expenditure accounted for by environmentally sustainable economic activities are to be reported on an annual basis.  taxonomyeligibilitytaxonomyeligibility is assessed in an initial step.  for an economic activity to be taxonomyeligible that activity must be mentioned and explained in further detail in the delegated acts for the taxonomy regulation.  the eu delegated acts commission delegated regulation eu and its supplement commission delegated regulation eu which was adopted by the european commission in june contain descriptions of relevant economic activities and technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives climate change mitigation and climate change adaptation

Score 0.442
furthermore environmental impact assessments or comparable audits outside the eu are carried out in the context of a new site or the extension of an existing site if legally required.  in addition the group has established environmental management systems in accordance with iso at its production sites. during the reporting year an environmental impact assessment was not required for the charging infrastructure economic activity .  that was put into operation

Score 0.442
el nel nel nel nel nel freight transport services by road ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel sale of secondhand goods ce .  nel nel nel el nel nelrevenue from taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned a.  a

Score 0.442
furthermore a new eu delegated act commission delegated regulation eu containing economic activities and technical screening criteria relevant for the remaining environmental objectives was published in .  the economic activities relevant to the mercedesbenz group in this context are to be found under the environmental objectives climate change mitigation climate change adaptation and transition to a circular economy.  on the basis of the descriptions contained in the delegated acts relating to climate change mitigation the following taxonomyeligible economic activities have been identified for the group economic activity .  encompasses manufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport in connection with the production of cars and vans economic activity

Score 0.442
y nel nel nel nel nel y y ecapital expenditure of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  y y of which enabling activity y y e of which transitional activity ta.  taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned activitiesel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  el el nel nel nel nel transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm

Score 0.442
g.  product working models hre. g.  personnel management employee issues working environment sustainabilityesg industry e

Score 0.441
the contents and topics of the training courses are tailored to the roles and functions of the respective target group.  the mercedesbenz group regularly analyses the need for its training programme expands or adapts it as necessary and conducts evaluations.  contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information nonfinancial declarationannual report mercedesbenz groupsocial compliancetarget target horizondefine and implement protective measures for of the mercedesbenz groups production raw materials which pose an increased risk of human rights violations milestone assessment of of all production raw materials used by the mercedesbenz group with an increased risk of human rights violations and definition of necessary improvement measures milestone assessment of of all production raw materials used by the mercedesbenz group with an increased risk of human rights violations and definition of necessary improvement measures target achievedreview of of product groups sourced from service supply chains posing an increased risk of human rights violations the goal of the mercedesbenz group is to combine achieving business success with acting responsibly toward the environment people and society  and doing so along the entire value chain.  the expansion of electric mobility in particular is also putting a spotlight on the respect for human rights within the automotive supply chain because the production of battery cells requires the use of raw materials such as lithium and cobalt