Scores_e_WATER SUPPLY; SEWERAGE, WASTE MANAGEMENT AND REMEDIATION ACTIVITIESScore 0.733
wastewater  g enerated d uring p roduction p rocesses i s initially treated on site so that regular water sampling can be used to demonstrate that primary treatment is sufficient.  wastein accordance with the requirements  of gri standard  w e r eport  o n g enerated w aste a nd s econdary m aterials used for the cement and aggregates business lines.  waste is an y ma terial or ob ject th at th e ow ner discards intends to discard or is required to discard.  in the case of generated waste a distinction is made between ha zardous and non hazardous  wa ste wi th further categorisation according to the type of disposal or recycling.  secondary materials and byproducts are production residues that are not waste

Score 0.717
th e wa ter us ed to wa sh and clean the aggregates is often reused in closed loops r ecycled  o r a dded t o t he fi nal c oncrete p roduct.  wastewater  g enerated d uring p roduction p rocesses i s initially treated on site so that regular water sampling can be used to demonstrate that primary treatment is sufficient.  wastein accordance with the requirements  of gri standard  w e r eport  o n g enerated w aste a nd s econdary m aterials used for the cement and aggregates business lines.  waste is an y ma terial or ob ject th at th e ow ner discards intends to discard or is required to discard.  in the case of generated waste a distinction is made between ha zardous and non hazardous  wa ste wi th further categorisation according to the type of disposal or recycling

Score 0.706
.   share of waste sent to other disposal operations .  .  .  watercement business linetotal water withdrawal

Score 0.694
share of waste sent to other disposal operations .  .  .  watercement business linetotal water withdrawal .

Score 0.677
the majority of water discharged is subject to primary treatment.  this is because water extracted for quarry dewatering  and ex traction purp oses ge nerally do es not require subsequent treatment as it only contains natural mineral co mponents.   th e wa ter us ed to wa sh and clean the aggregates is often reused in closed loops r ecycled  o r a dded t o t he fi nal c oncrete p roduct.  wastewater  g enerated d uring p roduction p rocesses i s initially treated on site so that regular water sampling can be used to demonstrate that primary treatment is sufficient.  wastein accordance with the requirements  of gri standard  w e r eport  o n g enerated w aste a nd s econdary m aterials used for the cement and aggregates business lines

Score 0.666
wastein accordance with the requirements  of gri standard  w e r eport  o n g enerated w aste a nd s econdary m aterials used for the cement and aggregates business lines.  waste is an y ma terial or ob ject th at th e ow ner discards intends to discard or is required to discard.  in the case of generated waste a distinction is made between ha zardous and non hazardous  wa ste wi th further categorisation according to the type of disposal or recycling.  secondary materials and byproducts are production residues that are not waste.  consideration is given to materials produced inhouse and received from external suppliers for backfilling reuse or use as an alternative fuel or raw material

Score 0.66
thereof hazardous waste .  .  .  total waste disposed share of waste sent to incineration n. a

Score 0.65
thereof taxonomyaligned operating expenses .  .  wastetotal waste generated .  .

Score 0.649
we di spose of th e do mestic wa stewater accruing at our company buildings via the municipal wastewater  sy stems. heidelberg materials has committed itself to minimising the impact of its activities on the limited natural resource of wa ter to th e gr eatest pos sible ex tent.  we comply with stringent environmental  regulations to ensure that our raw material quarrying does not endanger local bo dies of su rface wa ter or gr oundwater  resources.  all dire ct wi thdrawals  are he avily re gulated and closely mo nitored by go vernments  wo rldwide.  th e local operating pe rmit at ea ch pl ant sp ecifies th e allowable amoun ts of wa ter ex traction and re circulation

Score 0.648
.   thereof hazardous waste .  .  .  total waste disposed share of waste sent to incineration n

Score 0.64
this is because water extracted for quarry dewatering  and ex traction purp oses ge nerally do es not require subsequent treatment as it only contains natural mineral co mponents.   th e wa ter us ed to wa sh and clean the aggregates is often reused in closed loops r ecycled  o r a dded t o t he fi nal c oncrete p roduct.  wastewater  g enerated d uring p roduction p rocesses i s initially treated on site so that regular water sampling can be used to demonstrate that primary treatment is sufficient.  wastein accordance with the requirements  of gri standard  w e r eport  o n g enerated w aste a nd s econdary m aterials used for the cement and aggregates business lines.  waste is an y ma terial or ob ject th at th e ow ner discards intends to discard or is required to discard

Score 0.636
we ob tain so me of th e wa ter we use from the public water supply but the majority comes from ou r ow n ap proved we ll sy stems or fr om rivers and la kes.  th e us e of ra inwater an d re cycled wa ter in cleaning and production processes is also becoming increasingly  important.   some of the water  the water used for cooling for instance  evaporates and is released into th e at mosphere.   th e cl eaning wa ter th at accumulates  when transport vehicles are washed is fully recycled.  we di spose of th e do mestic wa stewater accruing at our company buildings via the municipal wastewater  sy stems

Score 0.635
a.  .   share of waste sent to other disposal operations .  .

Score 0.627
some of the water  the water used for cooling for instance  evaporates and is released into th e at mosphere.   th e cl eaning wa ter th at accumulates  when transport vehicles are washed is fully recycled.  we di spose of th e do mestic wa stewater accruing at our company buildings via the municipal wastewater  sy stems. heidelberg materials has committed itself to minimising the impact of its activities on the limited natural resource of wa ter to th e gr eatest pos sible ex tent.  we comply with stringent environmental  regulations to ensure that our raw material quarrying does not endanger local bo dies of su rface wa ter or gr oundwater  resources

Score 0.622
.  thereof taxonomyaligned operating expenses .  .  wastetotal waste generated .

Score 0.621
.   share of waste sent to reuse recycling recovery .  .  .   share of waste sent to landfill  n

Score 0.621
.  .  thereof taxonomyaligned operating expenses .  .  wastetotal waste generated

Score 0.616
.  .  total waste disposed share of waste sent to incineration n. a.  n

Score 0.615
waste is an y ma terial or ob ject th at th e ow ner discards intends to discard or is required to discard.  in the case of generated waste a distinction is made between ha zardous and non hazardous  wa ste wi th further categorisation according to the type of disposal or recycling.  secondary materials and byproducts are production residues that are not waste.  consideration is given to materials produced inhouse and received from external suppliers for backfilling reuse or use as an alternative fuel or raw material. biodiversity we report on the proportion of our quarries located near an area of hi gh b iodiversity  va lue wi th a bi odiversity management  plan as well as those with an after use plan

Score 0.614
taxonomyeligible	but	not	environmentally 	sustainable 	activities	not	taxonomyaligned	activitiesel nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nelmanufacture of cement ccm  . . .  el nel nel nel nel nel . material recovery from 	non	hazardous	waste  sorting and material recovery of non hazardous wasteccm

Score 0.614
taxonomyeligible	but	not	environmentally 	sustainable 	activities	not	taxonomyaligned	activitiesel nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nelmanufacture of cement ccm  . .  .  el nel nel nel nel nel . material recovery from 	non	hazardous	waste  sorting and material recovery of non hazardous wasteccm

Score 0.613
th e cl eaning wa ter th at accumulates  when transport vehicles are washed is fully recycled.  we di spose of th e do mestic wa stewater accruing at our company buildings via the municipal wastewater  sy stems. heidelberg materials has committed itself to minimising the impact of its activities on the limited natural resource of wa ter to th e gr eatest pos sible ex tent.  we comply with stringent environmental  regulations to ensure that our raw material quarrying does not endanger local bo dies of su rface wa ter or gr oundwater  resources.  all dire ct wi thdrawals  are he avily re gulated and closely mo nitored by go vernments  wo rldwide

Score 0.612
.  kt thereof nonhazardous waste .  .  .   thereof hazardous waste

Score 0.611
if no other option is available it can be de posited in un derground  la ndfill si tes in a controlled process.  the local operating permit at each plant specifies the allowable amount of processrelated waste products and how they are to be used.  our r  d de partment re gularly ch ecks th e byproducts  arising from production for their suitability for various applications either in our own operations   as cementitious material fo r ex ample  or in th e pr ocesses of industry partners. excess concrete is also generally reused in our plants either as fresh concrete or cured in the form of building elements which are then used for example to secure construction sites.  if concrete cannot be reused fresh it is still possible to crush the completely recyclable concrete and return it to the production cycle

Score 0.609
.  wastetotal waste generated .  .  .  kt thereof nonhazardous waste

Score 0.609
of the other four environmental objectives only the environmental obje ctive t ransition to a cir cular ec onomy with the activity ce .  .  so rting an d ma terial re covery of nonhazardous  waste was identified as material for heidelberg materials.  we have been reporting on taxonomy eligibility for this activity since pursuant to the environmental delegated act.  there are also other taxonomyeligible economic activities within he idelberg mat erials bu siness li nes su ch as transport services which are however not shown separately and are included in the reporting for the cement business line and activity

Score 0.604
he idelberg ma terials recognises  th e im portance of effi cient wa ter ma nagement and conservation  which is why it has a globally applicable water	policy .  we use water in various ways from washing gravel and sand to cooling and cleaning transport vehicles.  it is also one of the source materials used in concrete manufacturing and becomes part of the building material in the production  pr ocess.  we ob tain so me of th e wa ter we use from the public water supply but the majority comes from ou r ow n ap proved we ll sy stems or fr om rivers and la kes.  th e us e of ra inwater an d re cycled wa ter in cleaning and production processes is also becoming increasingly  important

Score 0.6
n. a.  .   share of waste sent to other disposal operations .

Score 0.598
a.  n. a.  .   share of waste sent to other disposal operations

Score 0.598
the local operating permit at each plant specifies the allowable amount of processrelated waste products and how they are to be used.  our r  d de partment re gularly ch ecks th e byproducts  arising from production for their suitability for various applications either in our own operations   as cementitious material fo r ex ample  or in th e pr ocesses of industry partners. excess concrete is also generally reused in our plants either as fresh concrete or cured in the form of building elements which are then used for example to secure construction sites.  if concrete cannot be reused fresh it is still possible to crush the completely recyclable concrete and return it to the production cycle.  with digital solutions su ch as ou r on site ap p we al so su pport our customers in demand planning and ordering to avoid overproduction  in the first place

Score 0.594
waste figures include cement and aggregates  business lines.  values are partially based on estimates or calculations.   we are in the progress of setting up a comprehensive  waste recording and reporting system at group level and expect data quality  to improve in the next years.   values are partially based on estimates or calculations.   we are in the progress of setting up a comprehensive  water recording and reporting system at group level and expect data quality to improve in the next years

Score 0.593
it is also one of the source materials used in concrete manufacturing and becomes part of the building material in the production  pr ocess.  we ob tain so me of th e wa ter we use from the public water supply but the majority comes from ou r ow n ap proved we ll sy stems or fr om rivers and la kes.  th e us e of ra inwater an d re cycled wa ter in cleaning and production processes is also becoming increasingly  important.   some of the water  the water used for cooling for instance  evaporates and is released into th e at mosphere.   th e cl eaning wa ter th at accumulates  when transport vehicles are washed is fully recycled

Score 0.59
.  .   thereof hazardous waste .  .

Score 0.589
total waste disposed share of waste sent to incineration n. a.  n. a.

Score 0.589
.  total waste disposed share of waste sent to incineration n. a.  n. a

Score 0.587
th e us e of ra inwater an d re cycled wa ter in cleaning and production processes is also becoming increasingly  important.   some of the water  the water used for cooling for instance  evaporates and is released into th e at mosphere.   th e cl eaning wa ter th at accumulates  when transport vehicles are washed is fully recycled.  we di spose of th e do mestic wa stewater accruing at our company buildings via the municipal wastewater  sy stems. heidelberg materials has committed itself to minimising the impact of its activities on the limited natural resource of wa ter to th e gr eatest pos sible ex tent

Score 0.587
s pecific w ater consumption per revenue is .  per litre.  the majority of water discharged is subject to primary treatment.  this is because water extracted for quarry dewatering  and ex traction purp oses ge nerally do es not require subsequent treatment as it only contains natural mineral co mponents.   th e wa ter us ed to wa sh and clean the aggregates is often reused in closed loops r ecycled  o r a dded t o t he fi nal c oncrete p roduct

Score 0.585
.  so rting an d ma terial re covery of nonhazardous  waste was identified as material for heidelberg materials.  we have been reporting on taxonomy eligibility for this activity since pursuant to the environmental delegated act.  there are also other taxonomyeligible economic activities within he idelberg mat erials bu siness li nes su ch as transport services which are however not shown separately and are included in the reporting for the cement business line and activity .  respectively

Score 0.585
kt thereof nonhazardous waste .  .  .   thereof hazardous waste .

Score 0.582
per litre.  the majority of water discharged is subject to primary treatment.  this is because water extracted for quarry dewatering  and ex traction purp oses ge nerally do es not require subsequent treatment as it only contains natural mineral co mponents.   th e wa ter us ed to wa sh and clean the aggregates is often reused in closed loops r ecycled  o r a dded t o t he fi nal c oncrete p roduct.  wastewater  g enerated d uring p roduction p rocesses i s initially treated on site so that regular water sampling can be used to demonstrate that primary treatment is sufficient

Score 0.581
additions .  . impairment .  . disposals

Score 0.581
in the case of generated waste a distinction is made between ha zardous and non hazardous  wa ste wi th further categorisation according to the type of disposal or recycling.  secondary materials and byproducts are production residues that are not waste.  consideration is given to materials produced inhouse and received from external suppliers for backfilling reuse or use as an alternative fuel or raw material. biodiversity we report on the proportion of our quarries located near an area of hi gh b iodiversity  va lue wi th a bi odiversity management  plan as well as those with an after use plan.  th e re porting is ba sed on th e gcc a su stainability guidelines for quarry rehabilitation and biodiversity  management  may

Score 0.578
wastetotal waste generated .  .  .  kt thereof nonhazardous waste .

Score 0.578
the same method is applied f or  o ur a ggregates  b usiness l ine.  s pecific w ater consumption per revenue is .  per litre.  the majority of water discharged is subject to primary treatment.  this is because water extracted for quarry dewatering  and ex traction purp oses ge nerally do es not require subsequent treatment as it only contains natural mineral co mponents

Score 0.576
in addition there are onsite measures aimed at monitoring the water t emperature  f or e xample.  t hese m easures c omply with local pe rmit re quirements  an d re gulations as well as global reporting obligations. we want to conserve water and minimise negative impacts through me asures ai med at sa ving wa ter an d using it efficiently.  this objective can be achieved by using rainwater  ta king ad vantage of re use an d re cycling technologies  or work ing wi th lo cal comm unities on waterrelated  pr ojects.  we ac knowledge  th at access to clean wa ter an d sa nitation is a hu man ri ght an d have implemented the world business council for sustainable developments wash pledge for access to safe water sanitation and hygiene at all production sites

Score 0.574
we ac knowledge  th at access to clean wa ter an d sa nitation is a hu man ri ght an d have implemented the world business council for sustainable developments wash pledge for access to safe water sanitation and hygiene at all production sites. sustainable water managementresponsible  us e of wa ter is al so pa rt of ou r su stainability commitments .  we wa nt to in troduce water m anagement  p lans a nd w ater r ecycling s ystems a t  of ou r lo cations in re gions aff ected by wa ter scarcity by  .  to th is en d we ha ve sy stematically  categorised our plants using the world resources institutes a queduct  t ool.  w e u se a w ater r eporting s ystem based on the gcca guidelines at all of our companys cement plants

Score 0.574
we use water in various ways from washing gravel and sand to cooling and cleaning transport vehicles.  it is also one of the source materials used in concrete manufacturing and becomes part of the building material in the production  pr ocess.  we ob tain so me of th e wa ter we use from the public water supply but the majority comes from ou r ow n ap proved we ll sy stems or fr om rivers and la kes.  th e us e of ra inwater an d re cycled wa ter in cleaning and production processes is also becoming increasingly  important.   some of the water  the water used for cooling for instance  evaporates and is released into th e at mosphere

Score 0.57
million previous year . .  provisions for environmental obligations are recognised o n t he  b asis o f c ontractual  o r o fficial r egulations  and essentially  in clude ex penses co nnected wi th th e cleaning up of contaminated areas and the remediation of extraction damages.  the provisions are measured at the present value of the expected expenses.  these provisions amount to a total of

Score 0.569
in accordance with the disclosure requirements  we report in detail on these economic activities alignment reporting.  of the other four environmental objectives only the environmental obje ctive t ransition to a cir cular ec onomy with the activity ce .  .  so rting an d ma terial re covery of nonhazardous  waste was identified as material for heidelberg materials.  we have been reporting on taxonomy eligibility for this activity since pursuant to the environmental delegated act

Score 0.568
because we are facing a water surplus in other regions of the world where we need to pump off large quantities of water in order to operate our quarries it does not make se nse to defi ne a ge neral glob al re duction target for th e gr oup ba sed on qu antified wa ter wi thdrawal rates.  after the first group countries developed and introduced water management  plans as part of a pilot project in  the  water  target was rolled out to all lo cations wo rldwide.  pr iority is gi ven to regions affected by wa ter sc arcity wa ter st ress an d ot her physical ri sks as sociated wi th wa ter.  th e ma jority of our production sites worldwide already have water recycling systems.  in order to guarantee efficient water use and reduce the demand for fresh water in the long term it is our intention that all heidelberg materials plants will use water recycling systems by

Score 0.565
so rting an d ma terial re covery of nonhazardous  waste was identified as material for heidelberg materials.  we have been reporting on taxonomy eligibility for this activity since pursuant to the environmental delegated act.  there are also other taxonomyeligible economic activities within he idelberg mat erials bu siness li nes su ch as transport services which are however not shown separately and are included in the reporting for the cement business line and activity .  respectively. additionally  we anal ysed our ac tivities in re lation to delegated act eu regarding economic activities related to the nuclear and fossil gas energy sectors

Score 0.563
.  .  kt thereof nonhazardous waste .  .

Score 0.563
a.  .   share of waste sent to reuse recycling recovery .  .

Score 0.563
.  provisions for environmental obligations are recognised o n t he  b asis o f c ontractual  o r o fficial r egulations  and essentially  in clude ex penses co nnected wi th th e cleaning up of contaminated areas and the remediation of extraction damages.  the provisions are measured at the present value of the expected expenses.  these provisions amount to a total of .  million previous year

Score 0.561
turnover		category enabling activity category transitional activity  m  y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta. 	taxonomy el igible	acti vitiesa. 	environmentally 	sustainable 	activities	taxonomy alignedmanufacture of cement ccm . .

Score 0.561
the provisions recognised for these obligations are measured in ac cordance wi th th e ex traction pr ogress on the ba sis of th e be st cos t es timate fo r fu lfilling the obligation.  as at the reporting date these provisions amounted to .  million previous year . .  provisions for environmental obligations are recognised o n t he  b asis o f c ontractual  o r o fficial r egulations  and essentially  in clude ex penses co nnected wi th th e cleaning up of contaminated areas and the remediation of extraction damages

Score 0.561
a s a t t he e nd o f t he   financial year  of our ag gregates si tes in are as su ffering from water sc arcity ha d im plemented  wa ter re cycling systems while in the cement business line this figure had already reached . because we are facing a water surplus in other regions of the world where we need to pump off large quantities of water in order to operate our quarries it does not make se nse to defi ne a ge neral glob al re duction target for th e gr oup ba sed on qu antified wa ter wi thdrawal rates.  after the first group countries developed and introduced water management  plans as part of a pilot project in  the  water  target was rolled out to all lo cations wo rldwide.  pr iority is gi ven to regions affected by wa ter sc arcity wa ter st ress an d ot her physical ri sks as sociated wi th wa ter.  th e ma jority of our production sites worldwide already have water recycling systems

Score 0.557
provisions for environmental obligations are recognised o n t he  b asis o f c ontractual  o r o fficial r egulations  and essentially  in clude ex penses co nnected wi th th e cleaning up of contaminated areas and the remediation of extraction damages.  the provisions are measured at the present value of the expected expenses.  these provisions amount to a total of .  million previous year .

Score 0.551
share of waste sent to reuse recycling recovery .  .  .   share of waste sent to landfill  n. a

Score 0.55
we want to conserve water and minimise negative impacts through me asures ai med at sa ving wa ter an d using it efficiently.  this objective can be achieved by using rainwater  ta king ad vantage of re use an d re cycling technologies  or work ing wi th lo cal comm unities on waterrelated  pr ojects.  we ac knowledge  th at access to clean wa ter an d sa nitation is a hu man ri ght an d have implemented the world business council for sustainable developments wash pledge for access to safe water sanitation and hygiene at all production sites. sustainable water managementresponsible  us e of wa ter is al so pa rt of ou r su stainability commitments .  we wa nt to in troduce water m anagement  p lans a nd w ater r ecycling s ystems a t  of ou r lo cations in re gions aff ected by wa ter scarcity by

Score 0.549
.  million m offsite water treatment facility .  .  .  million m discharge to beneficial third partyother

Score 0.547
opex		category enabling activity category transitional activity  m  y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta. 	taxonomy el igible	acti vitiesa. 	environmentally 	sustainable 	activities	taxonomy alignedmanufacture of cement ccm . .

Score 0.547
tmaterial recovery from  nonhazardous  waste ccm . . .  y nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y . turnover	of		environmentally 	sustainable activities taxonomy 	aligned	a

Score 0.546
tmaterial recovery from  nonhazardous  waste ccm . . .  y nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y . opex of environ mentally sustainable activities taxonomy 	aligned	a

Score 0.546
based on a gl obal w aterrisk s tudy w e h ave dr awn up a groupwide  guid eline con cerning su stainable wa ter management in the cement aggregates and readymixed c oncrete  b usiness l ines.  b ack i n   w e b egan developing  indi vidual wa ter man agement pl ans for those plants in re gions su ffering fr om wa ter sc arcity.  the plans include concepts and measures to ensure careful use of sc arce wa ter re sources an d en able lo cal stakeholders  t o b ecome i nvolved s o t hat t he w ater u tilisation concepts support the common good and thus minimise local water risks.  we aim to have water management plans in place by for all plants in regions affected by wa ter sc arcity li mited ac cessibility  po or water q uality  a nd c limaterelated  p hysical w ater r isks. combined management reportrisk and opportunity reportheidelberg materials heidelberg  m aterials ha s a dopted th e d efinitions o f r eserves and resources as set out in the paneuropean standard for reporting of exploration results mineral resources and mineral reserves perc reporting standard

Score 0.545
sustainable water managementresponsible  us e of wa ter is al so pa rt of ou r su stainability commitments .  we wa nt to in troduce water m anagement  p lans a nd w ater r ecycling s ystems a t  of ou r lo cations in re gions aff ected by wa ter scarcity by  .  to th is en d we ha ve sy stematically  categorised our plants using the world resources institutes a queduct  t ool.  w e u se a w ater r eporting s ystem based on the gcca guidelines at all of our companys cement plants.  we wo rk co ntinuously  to re duce ou r consumption  o f f resh w ater f or e xample b y s witching to closed cooling circuits and recycling systems

Score 0.544
.   share of waste sent to landfill  n. a.  n. a

Score 0.544
under other current receivables and assets.  other environmental provisionsthe other environmental provisions include recultivation environmental and asset retirement obligations.  recultivation obligations relate to legal and constructive obligations  to ba ckfill and re store ra w ma terial quarr ying sites.  the provisions recognised for these obligations are measured in ac cordance wi th th e ex traction pr ogress on the ba sis of th e be st cos t es timate fo r fu lfilling the obligation.  as at the reporting date these provisions amounted to

Score 0.543
wasteactive waste ma nagement  an d th e as sociated re duction of environmental  pollution are two core objectives of a circular economy.  our main focus in waste management is on minimising production waste and reusing byproducts from the production process in expedient ways.  for example kiln dust that is a byproduct of clinker production is generally reused as an alternative raw material in the production of certain types of cement.  this dust has to be removed from the kiln systems at several facilities in order to prevent disruptions to proper kiln operations.  in some exceptional cases the locally produced cement type portfolio prevents us from fully recycling the dust

Score 0.543
t hese m easures c omply with local pe rmit re quirements  an d re gulations as well as global reporting obligations. we want to conserve water and minimise negative impacts through me asures ai med at sa ving wa ter an d using it efficiently.  this objective can be achieved by using rainwater  ta king ad vantage of re use an d re cycling technologies  or work ing wi th lo cal comm unities on waterrelated  pr ojects.  we ac knowledge  th at access to clean wa ter an d sa nitation is a hu man ri ght an d have implemented the world business council for sustainable developments wash pledge for access to safe water sanitation and hygiene at all production sites. sustainable water managementresponsible  us e of wa ter is al so pa rt of ou r su stainability commitments

Score 0.541
capex		category enabling activity category transitional activity  m  y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta. 	taxonomy el igible	acti vitiesa. 	environmentally 	sustainable 	activities	taxonomy alignedmanufacture of cement ccm . .

Score 0.54
a.  numberadditional informationesg indicatorsheidelberg materials re asonable assurance l imited assurance p reparation according to gcca guidelinesesg indicators unitassurance biodiversityproportion  of quarries sites located near an area of high biodiversity  value with biodiversity  management  plan   proportion  of quarries with a restoration  plan  sustainable products and solutionsshare of revenue from sustainable products     share of revenue from sustainable  procucts of cement business line    number of memberships in green building councils and sustainable infrastructure councils numbercircularityproduction volume of recycled aggregates  recycled content .  .  .  million tshare of recycled aggregates in total aggregates production

Score 0.54
impairment .  . disposals .  . reclassifications

Score 0.54
in addition th e av ailability of wa ter ca n pos e a ri sk.  based on a gl obal w aterrisk s tudy w e h ave dr awn up a groupwide  guid eline con cerning su stainable wa ter management in the cement aggregates and readymixed c oncrete  b usiness l ines.  b ack i n   w e b egan developing  indi vidual wa ter man agement pl ans for those plants in re gions su ffering fr om wa ter sc arcity.  the plans include concepts and measures to ensure careful use of sc arce wa ter re sources an d en able lo cal stakeholders  t o b ecome i nvolved s o t hat t he w ater u tilisation concepts support the common good and thus minimise local water risks.  we aim to have water management plans in place by for all plants in regions affected by wa ter sc arcity li mited ac cessibility  po or water q uality  a nd c limaterelated  p hysical w ater r isks

Score 0.54
th e local operating pe rmit at ea ch pl ant sp ecifies th e allowable amoun ts of wa ter ex traction and re circulation.   we systematically  id entify an d cl assify po tential wa ter pollutants.  we also carry out stakeholder analyses and risk assessments  as pa rt of ou r wa ter ma nagement  plans.  water quality is tested usually in external laboratories by taking regular water samples.  in addition there are onsite measures aimed at monitoring the water t emperature  f or e xample

Score 0.539
or	eligble	a. . 	turnover		category enabling activity category transitional activity  m  y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta. 	taxonomy el igible	acti vitiesa. 	environmentally 	sustainable 	activities	taxonomy alignedmanufacture of cement ccm

Score 0.538
.  million tshare of recycled aggregates in total aggregates production .  .  .  share of alternative raw materials contained in other building materials such as asphalt

Score 0.537
.  .   share of waste sent to landfill  n. a.  n

Score 0.537
. 	turnover		category enabling activity category transitional activity  m  y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta. 	taxonomy el igible	acti vitiesa. 	environmentally 	sustainable 	activities	taxonomy alignedmanufacture of cement ccm .

Score 0.537
as at the reporting date these provisions amounted to .  million previous year . .  provisions for environmental obligations are recognised o n t he  b asis o f c ontractual  o r o fficial r egulations  and essentially  in clude ex penses co nnected wi th th e cleaning up of contaminated areas and the remediation of extraction damages.  the provisions are measured at the present value of the expected expenses

Score 0.537
.   . water managementemcma. total water withdrawn million cubic metres cement aggregates and readymixed concrete business linespages total water consumed million cubic metres cement aggregates and readymixed concrete business linespages percentage of water withdrawn in regions with high or extremely high baseline water stress cement business linepage percentage of water consumed in regions with high or extremely high baseline water stress cement business linepage heidelberg materials additional informationsustainability accounting standards board sasb index sustainability accounting standards board sasb index references and commentswaste managementemcma. amount of waste generated percentage hazardous and percentage recycled page biodiversity impactsemcma

Score 0.536
all dire ct wi thdrawals  are he avily re gulated and closely mo nitored by go vernments  wo rldwide.  th e local operating pe rmit at ea ch pl ant sp ecifies th e allowable amoun ts of wa ter ex traction and re circulation.   we systematically  id entify an d cl assify po tential wa ter pollutants.  we also carry out stakeholder analyses and risk assessments  as pa rt of ou r wa ter ma nagement  plans.  water quality is tested usually in external laboratories by taking regular water samples

Score 0.534
we wa nt to in troduce water m anagement  p lans a nd w ater r ecycling s ystems a t  of ou r lo cations in re gions aff ected by wa ter scarcity by  .  to th is en d we ha ve sy stematically  categorised our plants using the world resources institutes a queduct  t ool.  w e u se a w ater r eporting s ystem based on the gcca guidelines at all of our companys cement plants.  we wo rk co ntinuously  to re duce ou r consumption  o f f resh w ater f or e xample b y s witching to closed cooling circuits and recycling systems.  we have also started to introduce measurement systems and key figures on water reporting in our aggregates and readymixed concrete business lines

Score 0.532
million previous year .  under other current receivables and assets.  other environmental provisionsthe other environmental provisions include recultivation environmental and asset retirement obligations.  recultivation obligations relate to legal and constructive obligations  to ba ckfill and re store ra w ma terial quarr ying sites.  the provisions recognised for these obligations are measured in ac cordance wi th th e ex traction pr ogress on the ba sis of th e be st cos t es timate fo r fu lfilling the obligation

Score 0.532
rising transportation costs and capacity constraints in the port facilities can lead to an increase in product costs.  in addition th e av ailability of wa ter ca n pos e a ri sk.  based on a gl obal w aterrisk s tudy w e h ave dr awn up a groupwide  guid eline con cerning su stainable wa ter management in the cement aggregates and readymixed c oncrete  b usiness l ines.  b ack i n   w e b egan developing  indi vidual wa ter man agement pl ans for those plants in re gions su ffering fr om wa ter sc arcity.  the plans include concepts and measures to ensure careful use of sc arce wa ter re sources an d en able lo cal stakeholders  t o b ecome i nvolved s o t hat t he w ater u tilisation concepts support the common good and thus minimise local water risks

Score 0.531
a second possibility for us is to use the kiln dust as a raw material for the production of special concretes.  if no other option is available it can be de posited in un derground  la ndfill si tes in a controlled process.  the local operating permit at each plant specifies the allowable amount of processrelated waste products and how they are to be used.  our r  d de partment re gularly ch ecks th e byproducts  arising from production for their suitability for various applications either in our own operations   as cementitious material fo r ex ample  or in th e pr ocesses of industry partners. excess concrete is also generally reused in our plants either as fresh concrete or cured in the form of building elements which are then used for example to secure construction sites

Score 0.531
th rough th e join t con struction of carbon capture facilities in clinker and cement production  and in co operation wi th con struction machinery  ma nufacturers  wi th re gard to th e el ectrification of tr ansport sy stems in or der to ad dress climate change.  in o ur c ooperation  w ith s uppliers w e f ollow a z ero tolerance po licy.  th is me ans th at we en d th e co ntractual relationship if violations are not remedied by appropriate measures.  we produce training materials on sustainability topics for suppliers and recognise the importance of providing training and instruction to service providers working at our plants.  nonfinancial	statementsupplier managementact  developmanagement at group levelmeasures actionsidentify prioritise risksdefi ne prevent review report mitigate risksevaluate fi ndingsmeasurerevise strategyheidelberg materials sustainabilitysafe  inclusive   responsible  procurement building a nature positive futureof our active quarries contribute to the global goal of nature positive withof sites in waterrisk  areas implement  water management  plans and water recycling systems

Score 0.531
. disposals .  . reclassifications .

Score 0.53
.  .  .  . disposal groups

Score 0.53
. 	opex		category enabling activity category transitional activity  m  y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta. 	taxonomy el igible	acti vitiesa. 	environmentally 	sustainable 	activities	taxonomy alignedmanufacture of cement ccm .

Score 0.53
we produce training materials on sustainability topics for suppliers and recognise the importance of providing training and instruction to service providers working at our plants.  nonfinancial	statementsupplier managementact  developmanagement at group levelmeasures actionsidentify prioritise risksdefi ne prevent review report mitigate risksevaluate fi ndingsmeasurerevise strategyheidelberg materials sustainabilitysafe  inclusive   responsible  procurement building a nature positive futureof our active quarries contribute to the global goal of nature positive withof sites in waterrisk  areas implement  water management  plans and water recycling systems. space for natureproportion  of quarries with a restoration plan . proportion of quarries located near an area of high biodiversity value with a biodiversity management plan .     quarrieswater withdrawal water and hygiene water consumptionour commitment litres per tonne of cementspecific water consumption  in

Score 0.53
disposals .  .  .  . reclassifications

Score 0.529
taxonomynoneligible	activitiesopex	of	taxonomy non eligible activities . . total . . y  yes taxonomyeligible  an d ta xonomyaligned  ac tivity wi th th e re levant en vironmental  ob jective	n  no  ta xonomyeligible  bu t no t ta xonomyaligned  ac tivity wi th th e re levant en vironmental  ob jective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objectivecombined management reportnonfinancial   statementheidelberg materials proportion 	of	turnovertotal 	turnovertaxonomyaligned per objective taxonomyeligible per objectiveclimate change mitigation ccm

Score 0.528
n. a.  .   share of waste sent to reuse recycling recovery .

Score 0.528
this objective can be achieved by using rainwater  ta king ad vantage of re use an d re cycling technologies  or work ing wi th lo cal comm unities on waterrelated  pr ojects.  we ac knowledge  th at access to clean wa ter an d sa nitation is a hu man ri ght an d have implemented the world business council for sustainable developments wash pledge for access to safe water sanitation and hygiene at all production sites. sustainable water managementresponsible  us e of wa ter is al so pa rt of ou r su stainability commitments .  we wa nt to in troduce water m anagement  p lans a nd w ater r ecycling s ystems a t  of ou r lo cations in re gions aff ected by wa ter scarcity by  .  to th is en d we ha ve sy stematically  categorised our plants using the world resources institutes a queduct  t ool

Score 0.528
this dust has to be removed from the kiln systems at several facilities in order to prevent disruptions to proper kiln operations.  in some exceptional cases the locally produced cement type portfolio prevents us from fully recycling the dust.  a second possibility for us is to use the kiln dust as a raw material for the production of special concretes.  if no other option is available it can be de posited in un derground  la ndfill si tes in a controlled process.  the local operating permit at each plant specifies the allowable amount of processrelated waste products and how they are to be used

Score 0.527
we comply with stringent environmental  regulations to ensure that our raw material quarrying does not endanger local bo dies of su rface wa ter or gr oundwater  resources.  all dire ct wi thdrawals  are he avily re gulated and closely mo nitored by go vernments  wo rldwide.  th e local operating pe rmit at ea ch pl ant sp ecifies th e allowable amoun ts of wa ter ex traction and re circulation.   we systematically  id entify an d cl assify po tential wa ter pollutants.  we also carry out stakeholder analyses and risk assessments  as pa rt of ou r wa ter ma nagement  plans

Score 0.526
. 	capex		category enabling activity category transitional activity  m  y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta. 	taxonomy el igible	acti vitiesa. 	environmentally 	sustainable 	activities	taxonomy alignedmanufacture of cement ccm .

Score 0.526
all other direct expenditure relating to the daily maintenance of property plant and equipment necessary to ensure the continuous and effective functioning of these assets.  the method of co llecting op ex da ta wa s ad justed in .  as a re sult we ca n no w co llect op ex fig ures in a more standardised  and simple way as they are sometimes recorded diff erently in th e indi vidual coun tries which can le ad to in consistencies.   th e gl obal ap proach that has been introduced means that the calculation is based on a standardised and structured procedure. for the  fin ancial ye ar to tal op ex pu rsuant to the taxonomy  regulation amounted to

Score 0.526
.  .  . disposal groups .