Scores_f_CONSTRUCTIONScore 0.669
residential construction and infrastructure construc

Score 0.66
development in industrial commercial construction and 

Score 0.635
ment of the construction industry. 

Score 0.626
Development of the construction industry

Score 0.607
World Construction Materials Index. Consequently and 

Score 0.605
Note .. Repair and maintenancebuilding renovation meas

Score 0.602
driven by civil engineering and building construction. 

Score 0.598
lifetime of a building. It could enable the construction 

Score 0.598
production and in cooperation with construction 

Score 0.595
covers all of the necessary skills Industry knowledge familiarity with the building materials sector or related industries 

Score 0.594
In the construction industry this development could 

Score 0.592
Construction activity in some countries of the Northern 

Score 0.592
Crucial factors for the development of the construction 

Score 0.586
as well as the actual production of building materials 

Score 0.582
Pursuant to the Taxonomy Regulation the cement busi

Score 0.58
development is forecast for nonresidential construction in particular. 

Score 0.578
and development chapter and technical facilities for 

Score 0.575
operating line. For part of the taxonomyeligible research and development expenditure in the cement 

Score 0.573
construction activity  and thus volumes of building 

Score 0.567
gital access to over cement and aggregates customers and over construction companies 

Score 0.567
plants facilities and construction sites but also in connection with logistics and 

Score 0.567
encompasses the entire value chain from the extraction of raw materials to further processing into cement through to the end product concrete and its recycling 

Score 0.566
Kuala Lumpur MY...Construction Materials Pty LtdSydney AU...Excel Quarries Pty LimitedSydney AU...Galli Quarries Pty LimitedSydney AU...Gerak Harapan Sdn BhdKuala Lumpur MY...Gulbarga Cement LimitedBangalore IN...Hanson Australia Holdings Proprietary LimitedSydney AU...Hanson Australia Cement Pty LtdSydney AU...Hanson Australia Cement Pty LimitedSydney AU...Hanson Australia Funding LimitedSydney AU...Hanson Australia Investments Pty LimitedSydney AU...Hanson Australia Pty LimitedSydney AU...Hanson Building Materials Cartage Sdn BhdKuala Lumpur MY...Hanson Building Materials Malaysia Sdn BhdKuala Lumpur MY...Hanson Building Materials Manufacturing Sdn BhdKuala Lumpur MY...Hanson Building Materials Production Sdn BhdKuala Lumpur MY...Hanson Cement Holdings Pty LtdSydney AU...Hanson Concrete M Sdn Bhd 

Score 0.564
and reorganisation of our cement production sites in 

Score 0.56
Building materials are subject to strict standardisa

Score 0.556
Digitalisation and automation in the construction in

Score 0.555
 emissions.In India ongoing infrastructure expansion and urbanisation across the country continue to act as the backbone of the robust construction industry. Our cement 

Score 0.555
commercial construction and the start of new signif

Score 0.555
struction of buildings and infrastructure by making 

Score 0.551
 CyprusKevin GluskieMember of the Managing Board from  until January Area of responsibility AsiaPacific Competence Center ReadymixExternal mandates Alliance Construction Materials Limited 

Score 0.546
the removal of surface materials municipal recycling and the processing of construction and utility arisings. The acquisition comprises a hectare site with a rail 

Score 0.546
and is poured locally into forms. Moreover concrete is  also used for the production of precast concrete parts such as stairs ceiling elements or structural 

Score 0.543
porated into the organisation of the respective national subsidiaries and develop cements aggregates and 

Score 0.542
construction.

Score 0.541
infrastructure to treat material from the construction 

Score 0.54
construction sectors expected to contribute. A positive 

Score 0.539
for CCUS projects in further cement plants. In particu

Score 0.536
development was the slowdown in construction activi

Score 0.536
budget and the construction activity in Kalimantan 

Score 0.534
and reuse of construction and demolition waste. In 

Score 0.532
Manufacture of cement represented in the following as the cement business line CCM .. Material recov

Score 0.531
as heightened construction activity levels continued 

Score 0.527
umbrella organisation of the German building materials 

Score 0.526
facility in the cement industry into operation at the 

Score 0.524
opments relating to sustainable construction and market transformation. We continued our active in

Score 0.524
them to produce marketable building materials. 

Score 0.523
struction which was massive in some cases could not be offset by a solid development in industrial commercial construction and infrastructure projects. As a re

Score 0.523
mandatory for all employees and contractors. They relate especially to those activities that have been 

Score 0.521
ucts Advisory Council and the ERNs Building Life Implementation Task Force we provide support on issues specifically relating to building materials in the DGNB certification system for buildings or in connection with 

Score 0.521
to go into operation in at our cement plant in 

Score 0.52
in the readymixed concrete and cement operating lines resale goods in the aggregates operating line 

Score 0.516
facturers from nonregulated countries or from other competing building materials sectors. In almost of our activities were in countries with a capand

Score 0.515
tion CCU facility in the cement industry is scheduled 

Score 0.513
infrastructure projects. In the financial year our 

Score 0.512
a	 As an international building materials group 

Score 0.512
ments to which contractors must adhere and actions we need to take to ensure our contractors employees 

Score 0.512
the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board SASB framework. We have used the recommendations of the SASB Construction Materials Standard 

Score 0.512
YearsBuildings to Technical equipment and machinery to Plant and office equipment to 

Score 0.512
also cover the installation of carbon capture and processing facilities as well as transport and intermediate 

Score 0.511
equipment relates to land and buildings . mil

Score 0.51
and Development department and our Concrete and 

Score 0.51
The Australian Construction Industry Forum expects a further increase for the Australian construction in

Score 0.509
including extracting raw materials recycling building 

Score 0.509
can be offered across the heavy building materials sup

Score 0.508
gic projects in the cement business line from feasibility 

Score 0.508
cular economy there are no requirements within the Taxonomy Regulation for CCM .. Manufacture of cement and CCM .. Material recovery from non

Score 0.507
and up to less material is required for the finished building.

Score 0.505
of raw materials for cement and aggregates production which should be ensured mainly by own deposits. 

Score 0.505
equipment safeguarding and isolation visitor and contractor safety and road safety. The gaps and remedial measures identified in the process as well as progress made are discussed with local management on a reg

Score 0.504
the foundations for all the key building sections and 

Score 0.504
As a unique initiative in the building materials industry 

Score 0.503
mainly due to delays in major building projects with 

Score 0.503
investments are required specifically for the manufacture of cement activity CCM . particularly in car

Score 0.502
commercial construction investments  supported by 

Score 0.502
positioned to serve the growing demand for building 

Score 0.502
installations e.g. conveying systems at rented loca

Score 0.501
quently used indicators for construction development in the growth markets of emerging countries in Africa 

Score 0.5
large national infrastructure projects. In addition we further expanded our cement activities 

Score 0.499
Australia Holdings Pty Ltd Cement Australia Pty Limited 

Score 0.499
simply structured sales of building materials such as cement aggregates including processed primary raw 

Score 0.499
. Property plant and equipment

Score 0.499
the ERNs positioning on issues concerning building 

Score 0.498
in cement and concrete manufacturing Feb. . 

Score 0.498
construction at Heidelberg Materials plant in Devnya. It will be a key proof of concept for the companys first 

Score 0.497
demolition concrete is processed and returned to the construction cycle.

Score 0.497
their risk awareness. As demand for building materials is heavily dependent 

Score 0.496
work is being carried out to predict important quality parameters for production such as cement strength. The intention is to help the onsite workforce to ensure 

Score 0.496
buildings and they can help buildings achieve higher 

Score 0.496
Procurement department in as part of the Re

Score 0.495
tion sector in . The increase in the infrastructure 

Score 0.495
of sustainable activities within the cement and con

Score 0.494
a negative impact on residential construction in par

Score 0.493
and performance of the building material evoZero cement and concrete can be used for all kinds of applica

Score 0.492
This business line includes the concrete products of 

Score 0.492
servicejoint venturesother business line comprises the cement aggregates and readymixed concrete 

Score 0.491
management in the cement aggregates and ready

Score 0.491
and property plant and equipment in the reporting 

Score 0.491
 References and commentsEMCMa.Number of reported cases of silicosis We are using the International Classification of Diseases ICD to track occupational diseases. The provided numbers are for respiratory diseases including but not limited to silicosis.Product innovationEMCMa.Percentage of products that qualify for credits in sustainable building design and construction certifications certificationsQuantitative data not yet reported. Our products qualify for credits in sustainable building design and construction certifications in different ways. Credits in sustainable construction schemes such as LEED DGNB and BREEAM can be achieved by products cement concrete and aggregates having an Environmental Product Declaration EPD. We have such EPDs for selected products in many of our core markets such as Sweden Germany Italy or the United States. Moreover concrete certified according to a Responsible Sourcing Scheme such as BES or the Concrete Sustainability Council CSC may also be used for recognised credits. Such products are on offer in the Netherlands the UK Germany Turkey Belgium the United States Poland Sweden and Lithuania. Given the wide range of our product portfolio we are currently not able to quantify the exact percentage of the eligible products. At the same time we see sustainable products as a core strategic focus and aim to achieve a share of   of our Group revenue coming from sustainable products. Across our business lines we currently achieve   of our revenue from sustainable products.Pages EMCMa.Total addressable market and share of market for products that reduce energy water or material impacts during usage or productionQuantitative data is not yet reported.Pricing integrity transparencyEMCMa.Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with cartel activities price fixing and antitrust activitiesPages Production by major product line EMCM.ACement and clinker aggregates readymixed concrete asphaltQuantitative data in metric tonnes is not reported.Pages Heidelberg Materials Additional informationSustainability Accounting Standards Board SASB index

Score 0.491
 for all locations to include the following topics installing safety nets in our cement works providing loading platforms for vehicle drivers improving the 

Score 0.491
duction and marketing of building materials is localised 