Scores_e_WATER SUPPLY; SEWERAGE, WASTE MANAGEMENT AND REMEDIATION ACTIVITIESScore 0.707
Wastewater generated during production processes is initially treated on site so that regular water sampling can be used to demonstrate that primary treatment is sufficient. WasteIn accordance with the requirements of GRI Standard 

Score 0.669
Total waste generated...kt Thereof nonhazardous waste... Thereof hazardous waste...Total waste disposed Share of waste sent to incinerationn.a.n.a.. Share of waste sent to reuse recycling recovery... Share of waste sent to landfill n.a.n.a.. Share of waste sent to other disposal operations...WaterCement business lineTotal water withdrawal...million m

Score 0.647
waste transport and handling. The acquisition improves 

Score 0.631
between hazardous and nonhazardous waste with 

Score 0.629
the removal of surface materials municipal recycling and the processing of construction and utility arisings. The acquisition comprises a hectare site with a rail 

Score 0.628
solve the problems associated with waste disposal 

Score 0.624
means such as processed household waste or bio

Score 0.608
of sites in waterrisk areas implement water management plans and water recycling systems.

Score 0.606
QuarriesWater withdrawalWater and hygieneWater consumptionOur Commitment 

Score 0.603
based on three principles Prevention of waste and pol

Score 0.602
A. Taxonomyeligible activitiesA. Environmentally sustainable activities TaxonomyalignedManufacture of CementCCM ...

Score 0.599
ter management plans and water recycling systems at 

Score 0.599
controlled process. The local operating permit at each plant specifies the allowable amount of processrelated waste products and how they are to be used. 

Score 0.598
waste materials and byproducts from other industries 

Score 0.593
.Material recovery from nonhazardous waste Sorting and material recovery of nonhazardous wasteCCM . CE ...

Score 0.591
cleaning up of contaminated areas and the remedia

Score 0.591
hazardous substances as well as waste. 

Score 0.579
byproducts and recycled materials and increase the 

Score 0.566
to the extraction and transport of raw materials and 

Score 0.564
where at least of the aggregates used is recycled content. The CO

Score 0.56
processing of raw materials. Furthermore deliberate remineralisation in the recycling process can perma

Score 0.558
Water management

Score 0.557
our wastewater management. Nevertheless river 

Score 0.556
infrastructure to treat material from the construction 

Score 0.554
relates to residues and waste that would be uneco

Score 0.553
.OpEx of environmentally sustainable activities Taxonomyaligned A........

Score 0.552
further categorisation according to the type of disposal or recycling. Secondary materials and byproducts are production residues that are not waste. Consideration is given to materials produced inhouse and received from external suppliers for backfilling reuse or use as an alternative fuel or raw material.Biodiversity 

Score 0.551
recycled aggregates are currently being investigated in 

Score 0.551
results due in . Reclamation plans are an integral part of local authority approval processes setting the 

Score 0.551
er physical risks associated with water. The majority of our production sites worldwide already have water recycling systems. In order to guarantee efficient water use and reduce the demand for fresh water in the long 

Score 0.548
and recycling concrete and aggregates. Recycling and 

Score 0.548
A wetland is being created on the quarry site to purify the rock and the nitrogenrich wastewater produced by the purification process. Various 

Score 0.547
recognises the importance of efficient water management and conservation which is why it has a globally applicable Water Policy. We use water in various ways from washing gravel and 

Score 0.545
rivers and lakes. The use of rainwater and recycled water 

Score 0.541
Byproducts or waste from other industries whose 

Score 0.541
fully recycled. We dispose of the domestic wastewater 

Score 0.54
and reuse of construction and demolition waste. In 

Score 0.537
water management measures. The particular condi

Score 0.535
process. More can be achieved through recycling.

Score 0.534
plants facilities and construction sites but also in connection with logistics and 

Score 0.533
 Target Biodiversity of active quarries contribute to the global goal of nature positive with space for natureData collection in progress Water of sites in waterrisk areas implement AGG water management plans water recycling systemsCEM water management plans water recycling systems 

Score 0.531
ness line and the recycled aggregates operating line 

Score 0.53
carbon capture utilisation and storage. You can find 

Score 0.53
.TMaterial recovery from nonhazardous wasteCCM ...

Score 0.53
plants will use water recycling systems by . 

Score 0.529
The following overview shows the main groups of assets and liabilities of the disposal groups. 

Score 0.529
including extracting raw materials recycling building 

Score 0.528
lines. Waste is any material or object that the owner 

Score 0.527
cycle of our quarries. This includes operating all our extraction sites on the basis of a restoration plan agreed together with local authorities and reflecting the needs 

Score 0.522
. To allow us to present and analyse our recycling activities separately we have made preparations to intro

Score 0.522
.Turnover of environmentally sustainable activities Taxonomyaligned A........

Score 0.521
.	 Discontinued operations and disposal groups

Score 0.521
ery to ensure safe disposal. In this scenario copro

Score 0.521
cycling mineral waste products 

Score 0.519
organic pollutants and hazardous waste among other 

Score 0.519
discards intends to discard or is required to discard. In the case of generated waste a distinction is made 

Score 0.518
encompasses the entire value chain from the extraction of raw materials to further processing into cement through to the end product concrete and its recycling 

Score 0.517
ery from nonhazardous waste represented in the fol

Score 0.516
of sustainable activities within the cement and con

Score 0.516
resource of water to the greatest possible extent. We comply with stringent environmental regulations to ensure that our raw material quarrying does not endan

Score 0.514
is coprocessed without any residue in a burning process that meets the same strict emission standards as those set for waste incineration plants. About of 

Score 0.512
pollutants. We also carry out stakeholder analyses and 

Score 0.511
businesses and governments in the development and implementation of water reduction initiatives. This en

Score 0.511
and clean the aggregates is often reused in closed 

Score 0.509
emissions and material inputs is central to this alongside reuse and recycling.Targets and commitments

Score 0.509
development as well as for the management of the 

Score 0.506
the production process. We obtain some of the water we use from the public water supply but the majority 

Score 0.503
products and sell products made from recycled materials.

Score 0.503
.Turnover of Taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not Taxonomyaligned activities A..........A. Turnover of Taxonomy eligible activities A.A..........B. Taxonomynoneligible activitiesTurnover of Taxonomy noneligible activities..Total..

Score 0.502
 External waste water...million m

Score 0.501
the taxonomyeligible recycling activities under CCM 

Score 0.501
wastewater systems.Heidelberg Materials has committed itself to minimis

Score 0.5
risks and impacts carried out for this purpose. For the manufacture of cement activity and the pollution prevention and control criterion we use among other things our longestablished processes for mon

Score 0.499
management can be found in the following section.

Score 0.499
Share of active aggregates production facilities with an environmental management system ISO or similar...Share of integrated cement plants with an energy management system ISO or similar

Score 0.499
tainable extraction methods reclamationrestoration 

Score 0.498
use and reuse of all rock fractions that are produced in the recycling process.By we want to offer circular alternatives for of our concrete products. This will allow us to conserve 

Score 0.498
Using recycled materials to conserve resources

Score 0.497
to provide by law or by regulations or has committed to providing voluntarily. In principle the site management is essentially responsible for environmental protection management at their respective plant. The internal monitoring of all operating data relevant 

Score 0.496
addition our recycling activities are contributing to the 

Score 0.496
also cover the installation of carbon capture and processing facilities as well as transport and intermediate 

Score 0.495
prepared as a prerequisite for the approval of quarrying activities.Targets and commitmentsFor environmental and economic reasons we strive to limit land consumption in our quarrying and reclama

Score 0.495
waste concrete can be separated off as socalled 

Score 0.494
use and protection of water and marine resources use 

Score 0.493
careful use of scarce water resources and enable local 

Score 0.492
plans. For the sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources criterion we have extended our 

Score 0.491
duced during the extraction of primary raw materials 

Score 0.489
Financial year Substantial contribution criteriaDNSH criteriaEconomic activities Codes  Turnover  Proportion of Turnover  Climate change mitigation  Climate change adaption  Water  Pollution Circular Economy Biodiversity  Climate change mitigation  Climate change adaption  Water  Pollution Circular Economy  Biodiversity  Minimum safeguards  Proportion of Taxonomy aligned A.. or eligble A.. turnover Category enabling activity Category transitional activity 

Score 0.488
responsibility. Our quarry development activities  sus

Score 0.487
materials and fossil fuels in the production of cement. In this way we are helping to conserve resources and 

Score 0.487
nomical to recycle or cannot be recycled by any other 

Score 0.487
as sand and gravel which are used as aggregates in the production of concrete. And on the other hand the fine materials obtained when breaking up and sorting 

Score 0.487
Financial year Substantial contribution criteriaDNSH criteriaEconomic activities Codes  OpEx  Proportion of OpEx  Climate change mitigation  Climate change adaption  Water  Pollution Circular Economy Biodiversity  Climate change mitigation  Climate change adaption  Water  Pollution Circular Economy  Biodiversity  Minimum safeguards  Proportion of Taxonomy aligned A.. or eligble A.. OpEx Category enabling activity Category transitional activity 

Score 0.487
lowing as the recycled aggregates operating line within the aggregates business line has been identified as 

Score 0.485
Heidelberg Materials Additional informationGRI content indexGRI StandardDisclosureLocationOmission Requirements omitted Req Reason Reas Explanation EResponsible sourcingGRI Material Topics Management of material topics GRI Procurement Practices Proportion of spending on local suppliers GRI Supplier Environmental Assessment Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken GRI Supplier Social Assessment Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken Responsible water useGRI Material Topics Management of material topics GRI Water and Effluents Interactions with water as a shared resource Management of water dischargerelated impacts Water withdrawal Water discharge Water consumption Sustainable products and solutionsGRI Material Topics Management of material topics 

Score 0.485
consumption of fresh water for example by switching 

Score 0.484
.CapEx of environmentally sustainable activities Taxonomyaligned A........

Score 0.484
with the activity CE .. Sorting and material recovery of nonhazardous waste was identified as material for Heidelberg Materials. We have been reporting on tax

Score 0.484
our quarries there are provisions for reclamation ob

Score 0.484
use plan. The reporting is based on the GCCA Sustainability Guidelines for Quarry Rehabilitation and 