Scores_c_MANUFACTURINGScore 0.624
processing of raw materials. Furthermore deliberate remineralisation in the recycling process can perma

Score 0.585
emissions and material inputs is central to this alongside reuse and recycling.Targets and commitments

Score 0.576
plant and equipment.Emission rights are reported under raw materials and 

Score 0.574
further categorisation according to the type of disposal or recycling. Secondary materials and byproducts are production residues that are not waste. Consideration is given to materials produced inhouse and received from external suppliers for backfilling reuse or use as an alternative fuel or raw material.Biodiversity 

Score 0.573
including extracting raw materials recycling building 

Score 0.57
tion on site towards industrial production of prefabri

Score 0.556
encompasses the entire value chain from the extraction of raw materials to further processing into cement through to the end product concrete and its recycling 

Score 0.555
materials that are generated as byproducts or waste in other industries. A very large share of these alterna

Score 0.55
cular economy there are no requirements within the Taxonomy Regulation for CCM .. Manufacture of cement and CCM .. Material recovery from non

Score 0.547
products from other industries such as blast furnace 

Score 0.547
materials industry is one of the biggest producers of 

Score 0.543
as well as the actual production of building materials 

Score 0.542
waste materials and byproducts from other industries 

Score 0.541
ment production.Heidelberg Materials is a manufacturing company. The extraction of raw materials and the production of ce

Score 0.541
able raw material in manufacturing applications. In 

Score 0.535
to the extraction and transport of raw materials and 

Score 0.529
Total waste generated...kt Thereof nonhazardous waste... Thereof hazardous waste...Total waste disposed Share of waste sent to incinerationn.a.n.a.. Share of waste sent to reuse recycling recovery... Share of waste sent to landfill n.a.n.a.. Share of waste sent to other disposal operations...WaterCement business lineTotal water withdrawal...million m

Score 0.529
Number of memberships in Green Building Councils and Sustainable Infrastructure CouncilsnumberCircularityProduction volume of recycled aggregates recycled content...million tShare of recycled aggregates in total aggregates production...Share of alternative raw materials contained in other building materials such as asphalt...EU Taxonomy RegulationTaxonomyeligible revenue...

Score 0.528
as a valuable raw material in manufacturing applica

Score 0.524
controlled process. The local operating permit at each plant specifies the allowable amount of processrelated waste products and how they are to be used. 

Score 0.523
 obtained will be used to manufacture 

Score 0.522
aggregates business lines comprise the essential raw materials that are required for the manufacture of the 

Score 0.521
also cover the installation of carbon capture and processing facilities as well as transport and intermediate 

Score 0.516
duced during the extraction of primary raw materials 

Score 0.516
A. Taxonomyeligible activitiesA. Environmentally sustainable activities TaxonomyalignedManufacture of CementCCM ...

Score 0.513
 emissions from processing of sold products Scope .million tCO

Score 0.513
mise the use of resources in the manufacture of our 

Score 0.512
Materials comprehensive compliance programme and its observance is monitored by control mechanisms in

Score 0.511
titious material for example  or in the processes of 

Score 0.51
pact assessments the construction of manufacturing 

Score 0.509
Byproducts or waste from other industries whose 

Score 0.506
is coprocessed without any residue in a burning process that meets the same strict emission standards as those set for waste incineration plants. About of 

Score 0.506
 emissions. They include the construction of 

Score 0.506
struction and market transformation see Sustainable products and solutions section.Measures and progressAs factors such as the proportion of recycled material in products depend on how the circular economy is organised locally and the corresponding rules and regu

Score 0.505
raw materials for manufactur

Score 0.504
item is recognised in profit or loss. Heidelberg Materials 

Score 0.504
Raw materials..Supplies repair materials and packaging..Costs of energy..Goods purchased for resale..Miscellaneous....

Score 0.503
As a business reliant on the extraction of raw materials 

Score 0.502
and reuse of construction and demolition waste. In 

Score 0.502
We classify raw material shortages as an industryspe

Score 0.501
SDG The raw materials needed for producing our building mater

Score 0.5
 dust noiseEnergy and fuels managementEthical business conductHuman capitalHuman rightsInnovation  technologyOccupational health  safetyResponsible sourcingResponsible water useSustainable products and solutionsHeidelberg Materials SustainabilityMateriality topics for a more sustainable futureMateriality topics for a more sustainable future

Score 0.499
Heidelberg Materials Additional informationGRI content indexGRI StandardDisclosureLocationOmission Requirements omitted Req Reason Reas Explanation EResponsible sourcingGRI Material Topics Management of material topics GRI Procurement Practices Proportion of spending on local suppliers GRI Supplier Environmental Assessment Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken GRI Supplier Social Assessment Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken Responsible water useGRI Material Topics Management of material topics GRI Water and Effluents Interactions with water as a shared resource Management of water dischargerelated impacts Water withdrawal Water discharge Water consumption Sustainable products and solutionsGRI Material Topics Management of material topics 

Score 0.498
byproducts and recycled materials and increase the 

Score 0.496
YearsBuildings to Technical equipment and machinery to Plant and office equipment to 

Score 0.496
.Material recovery from nonhazardous waste Sorting and material recovery of nonhazardous wasteCCM . CE ...

Score 0.496
relates to residues and waste that would be uneco

Score 0.493
recognised in the material costs in the period in which they arise.Inventories are measured pursuant to IAS  Inventories at the lower of cost and net realisable value using 

Score 0.492
chain from raw materials mining production and 

Score 0.492
risk of unsafe working conditions in our industry. Particular attention should also be paid to the risk of discrimination against women in the sector which is still maledominated. The extraction of raw materials can lead to conflicts with the rights of the population for example if there are resettlement plans or if specially 

Score 0.491
components into the clinker as raw material. The waste 

Score 0.491
tive raw materials comes from the metal processing 

Score 0.491
As a global Group Heidelberg Materials is subject to a variety of legal requirements which vary from country 

Score 0.491
sions which primarily require operating expenses such as the procurement and use of alternative raw materi

Score 0.487
chain into account from raw materials to reuse. We 

Score 0.486
 emissions. Among other things we are working intensively on innovative processes for the specific processing of concrete parts their recarbonisation and their reuse in concrete as a building material.In addition to our own production operations we also 

Score 0.486
arising from production for their suitability for various applications either in our own operations  as cemen

Score 0.485
Decarbonisation and sustainability of the building materials industry energy and climate policy protection of the environment and resource conservation infrastructure with a focus on CCUS the circular economy quarrying and securing raw materials sustainable financing permits Facetoface meetings plant visits public events and panels organised by associations and organisations consultations

Score 0.484
machinery manufacturers with regard to the elec

Score 0.484
with the activity CE .. Sorting and material recovery of nonhazardous waste was identified as material for Heidelberg Materials. We have been reporting on tax

Score 0.484
means such as processed household waste or bio

Score 0.483
 regulations are being discussed in countries such as Indonesia and Thailand.For Heidelberg Materials locations that are subject to CO

Score 0.482
production sites wherever possible including recycling of materials. Substitution of products

Score 0.481
In accordance with IAS . Heidelberg Materials has made use of the exception from the recognition 

Score 0.479
NotesRevenue...Change in finished goods and work in progress..Own work capitalised..Operating revenue..Other operating income...Material costs...Personnel costs...Other operating expenses...Result from equity accounted investments REI...Result from current operations before depreciation and amortisation RCOBD..Depreciation and amortisation..Result from current operations..Additional ordinary income...Additional ordinary expenses...Additional ordinary result..Earnings before interest and taxes EBIT..Interest income..Interest expenses...Foreign exchange gains and losses..Result from other participations..Other financial result...Financial result..Profit before tax from continuing operations..Income taxes...Net income from continuing operations..Net loss from discontinued operations...Profit for the financial year..Thereof attributable to noncontrolling interests..Thereof attributable to Heidelberg Materials AG shareholders..Earnings per share attributable to Heidelberg Materials AG shareholders...Earnings per share continuing operations..Loss per share discontinued operations..Heidelberg Materials Consolidated financial statementsConsolidated income statement

Score 0.476
accordance with Greenhouse Gas Protocol guidelines. We take into account the nonfinal end products sold and apply the standard emission factor to determine the total emissions for further processing. Also for the first time we report on Scope Category Investments. Here we disclose the Scope and emissions 

Score 0.476
production and in cooperation with construction 

Score 0.475
mainly produce aggregates and readymixed con

Score 0.475
er production process.

Score 0.474
and development chapter and technical facilities for 

Score 0.473
Intermediate product in the cement production pro

Score 0.472
the taxonomyeligible recycling activities under CCM 

Score 0.471
Materials can essentially be divided into the following areas of focus

Score 0.47
formance indicators on alternative raw materials and fuels used in the production of cement and clinker.Air pollutantsOur reporting of air pollutants is based on the GCCA 

Score 0.47
 References and commentsEMCMa.Number of reported cases of silicosis We are using the International Classification of Diseases ICD to track occupational diseases. The provided numbers are for respiratory diseases including but not limited to silicosis.Product innovationEMCMa.Percentage of products that qualify for credits in sustainable building design and construction certifications certificationsQuantitative data not yet reported. Our products qualify for credits in sustainable building design and construction certifications in different ways. Credits in sustainable construction schemes such as LEED DGNB and BREEAM can be achieved by products cement concrete and aggregates having an Environmental Product Declaration EPD. We have such EPDs for selected products in many of our core markets such as Sweden Germany Italy or the United States. Moreover concrete certified according to a Responsible Sourcing Scheme such as BES or the Concrete Sustainability Council CSC may also be used for recognised credits. Such products are on offer in the Netherlands the UK Germany Turkey Belgium the United States Poland Sweden and Lithuania. Given the wide range of our product portfolio we are currently not able to quantify the exact percentage of the eligible products. At the same time we see sustainable products as a core strategic focus and aim to achieve a share of   of our Group revenue coming from sustainable products. Across our business lines we currently achieve   of our revenue from sustainable products.Pages EMCMa.Total addressable market and share of market for products that reduce energy water or material impacts during usage or productionQuantitative data is not yet reported.Pricing integrity transparencyEMCMa.Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with cartel activities price fixing and antitrust activitiesPages Production by major product line EMCM.ACement and clinker aggregates readymixed concrete asphaltQuantitative data in metric tonnes is not reported.Pages Heidelberg Materials Additional informationSustainability Accounting Standards Board SASB index

Score 0.469
quirements are likely as part of the current revision of the directive. To comply with the environmental regulations Heidelberg Materials makes high ongoing investments aimed at improving its facilities so as to reduce emissions. Measures concerning climate and emission 

Score 0.469
World Construction Materials Index. Consequently and 

Score 0.467
use of alternative raw materials from other industrial 

Score 0.465
can be avoided through recycling reuse renovation and maintenance measures and by extending the service life of our products see Circular economy 

Score 0.465
 emissions in the manufacture of our products. We want 

Score 0.465
complex technology for storing and processing raw materials additives and fuels. Because of accident 

Score 0.465
obligations. Heidelberg Materials manages the result

Score 0.465
the cement kiln. These process emissions have been 

Score 0.465
DGNB and Infrastructure Sustainability Councils such as the Australian ISCA in order to advance the development of sustainable products together with our customers.Measures and progressThanks to the use of byproducts from other industrial sectors for the production of clinker and cement or the recycling of demolition concrete we are able to manufacture cement and concrete in a more resourceefficient way and with lower CO

Score 0.465
nationally harmonised and stringent criteria to our sustainable products. The evoBuild classification is 

Score 0.464
Materials include the result from current operations 

Score 0.461
Active waste management and the associated reduction of environmental pollution are two core objectives of a circular economy. Our main focus in waste management is on minimising production waste and reusing byproducts from the production process in expedient ways. For example kiln dust that is a byproduct of clinker production is generally reused as an alternative raw material in the production of certain types of cement. This dust has to be removed from the kiln systems at several facilities in order to prevent disruptions to proper kiln operations. In some exceptional cases the locally produced cement type portfolio prevents us from fully recycling the dust. A second possibility for us is to use the kiln dust as a raw material for the produc

Score 0.461
harmonised and stringent criteria for sustainable building materials. In this way 

Score 0.461
material availability and thus significantly affect earnings. The procurement of alternative raw materials such as fly ash or blast furnace slag and in general the recy

Score 0.461
Heidelberg Materials SustainabilityHeidelberg Materials Safe  Inclusive  Social responsibility

Score 0.46
Link to our strategy As a manufacturer of building materials and aggregates 

Score 0.46
Existing asset retirement obligations are also capitalised. Cost includes all costs that can be attributed to the manufacturing process and appropriate amounts of production overheads. Costs for repair and maintenance of property plant and equipment are generally expensed as incurred. Capitalisation takes place if the measures lead to an extension or significant improvement of the asset. Property plant and equipment are depreciated on a straightline basis unless there is an

Score 0.459
processes such as D printing for example. Besides the potential material savings D concrete printing 

Score 0.459
Enforced recarbonationLowcarboncomposite cement Recycled concrete paste RCPSelective separation Recycled aggregatesNatural carbonationCement productionFresh concreteNew constructionSelective demolitionDemolition concrete

Score 0.459
Building materials are subject to strict standardisa

Score 0.459
Materials AG which is combined with the Companys 

Score 0.458
reported centrally starting in .We are working on stepping up our recycling activities and expanding our corporate portfolio through acquisitions. In the reporting year Heidelberg Materials further expanded the business area by means of acquisitions in the field of construction materials recycling in 

Score 0.458
technical equipment or in logistics poses a potential 

Score 0.457
.TMaterial recovery from nonhazardous wasteCCM ...

Score 0.456
plants facilities and construction sites but also in connection with logistics and 