Scores_c_MANUFACTURINGScore 0.629
however these refer to the final product itself which is why we have limited ourselves to the fulfillment of the technical screening criter ia of category . .  compliance with article letters b and c of eu is presented separately.  manufacture of other low carbon technologies

Score 0.624
production and materialrelated recycling takes place individually based on the requirements of the specific site.  this entails waste separation secure disposal methods and economically viable recycling processes.  waste quantities and recycling methods are also impacted by production quantities and renovation work in buildings and on business premi ses.  the groupwide waste volume of tonnes in the reporting year compared to tonnes in the previous year is the result of our increased business volume

Score 0.596
handling materials energy water and waste in a considered manner not only protects t he environment but also reduces costs at the same time.  we continue to strive to use resources even more efficiently.  safe and modern facilities at certified production sites ensure resourceconserving and lowemission production processes as far as possi ble.  countryspecific regulations and the requirements of international standards for quality iso iatf and aqap environmental protection iso and energy management systems iso are observed and processes are certified accordingly

Score 0.584
waste management in all our production processes we strive to be efficient in our use of materials.  we prevent reduce or recycle waste or dispose of it in a safe and environmentally friendly way.  we aim to keep disposal quantities to as low a level as possible.  production and materialrelated recycling takes place individually based on the requirements of the specific site

Score 0.572
waste quantities and recycling methods are also impacted by production quantities and renovation work in buildings and on business premi ses.  the groupwide waste volume of tonnes in the reporting year compared to tonnes in the previous year is the result of our increased business volume.  waste generation t nonhazardous waste for disposal nonhazardous waste for recycling excluding scrap scrap for recycling hazardous waste for disposal hazardous waste for recycling rheinmetall group water management global wate r consumption has increased sixfold over the past one hundred years.  water is therefore becoming an increasingly scarce commodity

Score 0.571
this applies in particular to provisions relating to not only the environment chemicals hazardous substances and critical raw materials but also occupational and health protection.  it also includes regulations relating to air soil and water pollution and waste disposal all of which have recently been made stricter by new legislation particularly in the european union and the us .  adapting to new requirements could increase operating costs or require unscheduled investments.  a whole range of different licenses and approvals are also required for our locations and factories and their provisions have to be met which are subject to renewal amendment suspension and revocation by the issuing authority

Score 0.57
all economic activities i n which both dismantling and the removal of harmful substances such as complete paint stripping are carried out are considered taxonomycompliant.  preparation for reuse of endoflife products and product components .  this category includes the prep aration for reuse of endoflife products and product components at the end of their service life.  ms motorservice france s

Score 0.567
in some cases pollutants are also removed during dismantling.  this is done by completely stripping the paint from the vehicles.  this involves removing the chromium vicontaining primers used until which are harmful to health.  all economic activities i n which both dismantling and the removal of harmful substances such as complete paint stripping are carried out are considered taxonomycompliant

Score 0.565
it also includes regulations relating to air soil and water pollution and waste disposal all of which have recently been made stricter by new legislation particularly in the european union and the us .  adapting to new requirements could increase operating costs or require unscheduled investments.  a whole range of different licenses and approvals are also required for our locations and factories and their provisions have to be met which are subject to renewal amendment suspension and revocation by the issuing authority.  violations of relevant official regulations that apply to how we exercise our business activities or infringement of social occupational safety and environmental standards could har m rheinmetalls reputation and subsequently result in internal or external investigations requirements remediation obligations claims for damages and under certain circumstances substantial fines or penalties

Score 0.562
.  compliance with article letters b and c of eu is presented separately.  manufacture of other low carbon technologies .

Score 0.558
the latter particularly applies to the requirements of the minimum safeguards.  for the annexes of the delegated regulation on the new environmental objectives published in june and the additions to the existing a nnexes of environmental objectives and a soft landing will be carried out again this year so that no conformity check will be carried out and all economic activities identified here will be reported as taxonomycompliant.  due to the reclassification of economic activities in the automotive sector from category .  manufacture of other low carbon technologies to the new category

Score 0.557
this involves removing the chromium vicontaining primers used until which are harmful to health.  all economic activities i n which both dismantling and the removal of harmful substances such as complete paint stripping are carried out are considered taxonomycompliant.  preparation for reuse of endoflife products and product components .  this category includes the prep aration for reuse of endoflife products and product components at the end of their service life

Score 0.55
as in the fiscal year the logistical military vehicles and special vehic les for the civilian sector are therefore reported as taxonomyeligible in this category in accordance with our interpretation.  due to requirements h and i of the substantial contribution a further investigation into taxonomy alignment has not been un dertaken as the relevant products do not currently meet the requirements.  manufacture of energyefficient building equipment .

Score 0.55
manufactur e of other low carbon technologies.  manufacture of technologies aimed at substantial ghg emission reductions in other sectors of the economy where those technologies are not covered in sections .  to .  of this annex

Score 0.547
.  manufactur e of other low carbon technologies.  manufacture of technologies aimed at substantial ghg emission reductions in other sectors of the economy where those technologies are not covered in sections .  to

Score 0.547
safe and modern facilities at certified production sites ensure resourceconserving and lowemission production processes as far as possi ble.  countryspecific regulations and the requirements of international standards for quality iso iatf and aqap environmental protection iso and energy management systems iso are observed and processes are certified accordingly.  regular audits ensure transparency in terms of the status quo and provide objective confirmation of high quality standards.  energy management we need a sufficient energy supply which is associated with corresponding co emissions to manufac ture our products and operate our buildings and infrastructure

Score 0.547
we aim to keep disposal quantities to as low a level as possible.  production and materialrelated recycling takes place individually based on the requirements of the specific site.  this entails waste separation secure disposal methods and economically viable recycling processes.  waste quantities and recycling methods are also impacted by production quantities and renovation work in buildings and on business premi ses

Score 0.544
this category refers to renewable energies within the meaning of article of directive eu .  with the manufacture of bushes for brakes and geared rotor shafts of wind turbines ks gleitl ager gmbh from materials and trade contributes significantly to the further development of wind power technologies.  in terms of the regulation we classify this as an enabling activity.  the requirements of the selected category for taxonomy eligibility are thus fulfilled according to our interpretation

Score 0.544
this entails waste separation secure disposal methods and economically viable recycling processes.  waste quantities and recycling methods are also impacted by production quantities and renovation work in buildings and on business premi ses.  the groupwide waste volume of tonnes in the reporting year compared to tonnes in the previous year is the result of our increased business volume.  waste generation t nonhazardous waste for disposal nonhazardous waste for recycling excluding scrap scrap for recycling hazardous waste for disposal hazardous waste for recycling rheinmetall group water management global wate r consumption has increased sixfold over the past one hundred years

Score 0.543
category .  therefore includes all automotive components whose targe t technology is zeroemission vehicles which means that there is no longer a restriction to components of the drivetrain of such a vehicle and therefore every component of a zeroemission vehicle is considered taxonomyeligible.  due to the fact that this category is an addition published in june the economic activities in this category are reported as taxonomyeligible in their entirety.  manufacture of aircraft

Score 0.542
this category includes the prep aration for reuse of endoflife products and product components at the end of their service life.  ms motorservice france s.  a.  s

Score 0.539
we continue to strive to use resources even more efficiently.  safe and modern facilities at certified production sites ensure resourceconserving and lowemission production processes as far as possi ble.  countryspecific regulations and the requirements of international standards for quality iso iatf and aqap environmental protection iso and energy management systems iso are observed and processes are certified accordingly.  regular audits ensure transparency in terms of the status quo and provide objective confirmation of high quality standards

Score 0.533
acquisi tion and ownership of buildings buying real estate and exercising ownership of that real estate.  rheinmetall immobilien gmbh environmental objective circular economy . . depollution and dismantling of endoflife products construction operatio n and modernization of facilities for the dismantling and removal of pollutants from complex endoflife products movable goods and their components for the purpose of material recovery or preparation for reuse of components

Score 0.532
misconduct and noncompliance with legal requirements or the groups own standards may have effects such as personal injury environmental property and reputational damage produ ction downtime and interruptions to operations and the obligation to pay damages.  this also includes the risk of releasing hazardous substances as a result of a failure in production the obligation to remove contamination and risks from the area of comp liance with human rights and from potentially addressing these insufficiently.  with our principles standards and measures we ensure that our requirements are communicated appropriately and implemented in the best possible way.  if we do not comply with th e increasing regulatory requirements and fail to meet the expectations and requirements of governments customers investors lenders and other financial institutions in the areas of environmental and social responsibility and governance esg to the requi red extent or level of detail this can have a negative impact on the rheinmetall groups business and earnings

Score 0.531
environmental objective climate change mitigat ion manufacture of renewable energy technologies . .  this category refers to renewable energies within the meaning of article of directive eu .  with the manufacture of bushes for brakes and geared rotor shafts of wind turbines ks gleitl ager gmbh from materials and trade contributes significantly to the further development of wind power technologies

Score 0.528
the requirements of the selected category for taxonomy eligibility are thus fulfilled according to our interpretation.  the substantial contribution emphasizes the letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report requirement that the economic activity produces technologies for renewable energies.  in this respect it is our understanding that no separate proof is required fo r this if taxonomy eligibility has already been proven.  manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen

Score 0.527
across all stages of the valueadded chain.  these include respect of international esg standards and esg frameworks reduction of carbon footprint in production a higher proportion of recyclable material responsibl e use of substances and materials and future carbonneutral products.  letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial as pects of business activities social responsibility rheinmetall annual report the score of suppliers on sustainability issues is increasingly being taken into account when contracts are awarded e. g

Score 0.527
adapting to new requirements could increase operating costs or require unscheduled investments.  a whole range of different licenses and approvals are also required for our locations and factories and their provisions have to be met which are subject to renewal amendment suspension and revocation by the issuing authority.  violations of relevant official regulations that apply to how we exercise our business activities or infringement of social occupational safety and environmental standards could har m rheinmetalls reputation and subsequently result in internal or external investigations requirements remediation obligations claims for damages and under certain circumstances substantial fines or penalties.  we actively counter these risks in variou s ways including through high technical standards integrated management systems and certification in accordance with international standards such as iso iso and iso

Score 0.525
participation in traffic on the road involves a certain regularity from our point of view.  as in the fiscal year the logistical military vehicles and special vehic les for the civilian sector are therefore reported as taxonomyeligible in this category in accordance with our interpretation.  due to requirements h and i of the substantial contribution a further investigation into taxonomy alignment has not been un dertaken as the relevant products do not currently meet the requirements.  manufacture of energyefficient building equipment

Score 0.519
e.  across all stages of the valueadded chain.  these include respect of international esg standards and esg frameworks reduction of carbon footprint in production a higher proportion of recyclable material responsibl e use of substances and materials and future carbonneutral products.  letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial as pects of business activities social responsibility rheinmetall annual report the score of suppliers on sustainability issues is increasingly being taken into account when contracts are awarded e

Score 0.519
these activities can therefore be assigned to the manufacture of aircraft and are therefore included for the first time in this fi scal letter to shareholders combined management report conso lidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report year.  rheinmetall aviation services is also investing in the future production of military combat aircraft this year.  due to the fact that this category is an addition to the annex to the environmental objective climate change mitigation of the dele gated regulation published in june the economic activities in this category are not checked for conformity and are therefore reported as taxonomyeligible in their entirety.  construction of new buildings

Score 0.515
this involves completely dismantling old vehicles down to the vehicle hull and refurbishing or modernizing them.  in some cases pollutants are also removed during dismantling.  this is done by completely stripping the paint from the vehicles.  this involves removing the chromium vicontaining primers used until which are harmful to health

Score 0.513
last year category .  was applicable for activities in the automotive supplier industry on the basis of the e u commissions faq from february .  with the reintroduction of category .  by the eu commission in june the components are now taken into account accordingly

Score 0.512
in this context the terms production placing on the market and use were defined a s follows production a harmful substance is produced for the first time in ones own company.  this does not yet include an external effect.  placing on the market the harmful substance is introduced onto the market for the first time by the own company and thus has an external effect.  use a harmful substance or a product containing the harmful substance is introduced into a product by the company for the first time in production manufacturing or assembly

Score 0.511
.  this category refers to renewable energies within the meaning of article of directive eu .  with the manufacture of bushes for brakes and geared rotor shafts of wind turbines ks gleitl ager gmbh from materials and trade contributes significantly to the further development of wind power technologies.  in terms of the regulation we classify this as an enabling activity

Score 0.509
the sales generated for the development services and the associated investments and operating expenses in are reported as taxonomyaligned in this category.  as a supplier of relevant components we have the role of the enabling company.  to meet the sub stantial contribution k the technical screening criteria in section .  of eu annex must be met

Score 0.508
in addition to the safety of our products protecting our employees and the environment and respecting and safeguarding human rights in our own business activit ies and in business relationships along the value chain are high priorities.  misconduct and noncompliance with legal requirements or the groups own standards may have effects such as personal injury environmental property and reputational damage produ ction downtime and interruptions to operations and the obligation to pay damages.  this also includes the risk of releasing hazardous substances as a result of a failure in production the obligation to remove contamination and risks from the area of comp liance with human rights and from potentially addressing these insufficiently.  with our principles standards and measures we ensure that our requirements are communicated appropriately and implemented in the best possible way

Score 0.508
rheinmetall immobilien gmbh environmental objective circular economy . . depollution and dismantling of endoflife products construction operatio n and modernization of facilities for the dismantling and removal of pollutants from complex endoflife products movable goods and their components for the purpose of material recovery or preparation for reuse of components.  rheinmetall landsysteme gmbh

Score 0.506
use a harmful substance or a product containing the harmful substance is introduced into a product by the company for the first time in production manufacturing or assembly.  it should be noted that traceability over sever al stages of the value chain cannot currently be guaranteed.  with this determination the examination of the requirements of appendix c was handed over to the divisions and examined there for each individual taxonomy asset.  the result was then made avail able again centrally added to the package for evaluation of the dnsh criteria and thus ended the review process

Score 0.505
a whole range of different licenses and approvals are also required for our locations and factories and their provisions have to be met which are subject to renewal amendment suspension and revocation by the issuing authority.  violations of relevant official regulations that apply to how we exercise our business activities or infringement of social occupational safety and environmental standards could har m rheinmetalls reputation and subsequently result in internal or external investigations requirements remediation obligations claims for damages and under certain circumstances substantial fines or penalties.  we actively counter these risks in variou s ways including through high technical standards integrated management systems and certification in accordance with international standards such as iso iso and iso .  we evaluate measures that go above and beyond compliance with legal r equirements on a cost benefit basis

Score 0.505
appendix c generic criteria for dnsh to pollution prevention and control regarding use and presence of chemicals required a more comprehensive consideration and interpretation.  in this context the terms production placing on the market and use were defined a s follows production a harmful substance is produced for the first time in ones own company.  this does not yet include an external effect.  placing on the market the harmful substance is introduced onto the market for the first time by the own company and thus has an external effect

Score 0.505
a distinction was made between requirements to be examined for each individual economic activity itself such as the substantial contribution and specific dnsh criteria requirements relating to the locations and requirem ents covered by groupwide compliance.  the latter particularly applies to the requirements of the minimum safeguards.  for the annexes of the delegated regulation on the new environmental objectives published in june and the additions to the existing a nnexes of environmental objectives and a soft landing will be carried out again this year so that no conformity check will be carried out and all economic activities identified here will be reported as taxonomycompliant.  due to the reclassification of economic activities in the automotive sector from category

Score 0.504
this also includes the risk of releasing hazardous substances as a result of a failure in production the obligation to remove contamination and risks from the area of comp liance with human rights and from potentially addressing these insufficiently.  with our principles standards and measures we ensure that our requirements are communicated appropriately and implemented in the best possible way.  if we do not comply with th e increasing regulatory requirements and fail to meet the expectations and requirements of governments customers investors lenders and other financial institutions in the areas of environmental and social responsibility and governance esg to the requi red extent or level of detail this can have a negative impact on the rheinmetall groups business and earnings.  customers could potentially refuse to award contracts to us private and institutional investors might refuse to include us in their portfolio and financial institutes might refuse to issue loans at all or only at an increased cost

Score 0.503
the substantial contribution for the manufacture of technologies for the use of hydrogen does not deviate from the requir ements for taxonomy eligibility.  in this respect no separate verification was required.  manufacture of low carbon technologies for transport .

Score 0.503
waste generation t nonhazardous waste for disposal nonhazardous waste for recycling excluding scrap scrap for recycling hazardous waste for disposal hazardous waste for recycling rheinmetall group water management global wate r consumption has increased sixfold over the past one hundred years.  water is therefore becoming an increasingly scarce commodity.  according to the unesco world water report the consequences of climate change population growth and rising consumption mea n that more than five billion people will suffer from water shortages by if things continue as they are.  responsible use of water is an integral part of our commitment to sustainability

Score 0.503
in this context the appendices a generic criteria for dnsh to climate change adaptation b generic criteria for dnsh to sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources and d generic criteria for dnsh to protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems were evaluated for the economic activities concerned and made letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report available to the sites for verification.  after verification and any necessary adjustments as well as documentation of evidence this package was merged centrally.  appendix c generic criteria for dnsh to pollution prevention and control regarding use and presence of chemicals required a more comprehensive consideration and interpretation.  in this context the terms production placing on the market and use were defined a s follows production a harmful substance is produced for the first time in ones own company

Score 0.502
the majority of our taxonomyeligible operating expenditure relates to areas in research and development that serve to expand taxonomyeligible andaligned activities.  t hey are intended to lead to additional taxonomyeligible sales and thus underscore the importance already attached to alternative drive technologies.  in addition operating expenditure for building refurbishment measures as well as maintenance and repair o f property plant and equipment has been identified that could be classified as taxonomyeligible or taxonomyaligned within the meaning of the eu taxonomy regulation.

Score 0.502
.  environmental objective climate change mitigat ion manufacture of renewable energy technologies . .  this category refers to renewable energies within the meaning of article of directive eu

Score 0.501
these include respect of international esg standards and esg frameworks reduction of carbon footprint in production a higher proportion of recyclable material responsibl e use of substances and materials and future carbonneutral products.  letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial as pects of business activities social responsibility rheinmetall annual report the score of suppliers on sustainability issues is increasingly being taken into account when contracts are awarded e. g.  as part of supplier questionnaires

Score 0.501
as a supplier of relevant components we have the role of the enabling company.  to meet the sub stantial contribution k the technical screening criteria in section .  of eu annex must be met.  however these refer to the final product itself which is why we have limited ourselves to the fulfillment of the technical screening criter ia of category

Score 0.5
this is done by completely stripping the paint from the vehicles.  this involves removing the chromium vicontaining primers used until which are harmful to health.  all economic activities i n which both dismantling and the removal of harmful substances such as complete paint stripping are carried out are considered taxonomycompliant.  preparation for reuse of endoflife products and product components

Score 0.498
t hey are intended to lead to additional taxonomyeligible sales and thus underscore the importance already attached to alternative drive technologies.  in addition operating expenditure for building refurbishment measures as well as maintenance and repair o f property plant and equipment has been identified that could be classified as taxonomyeligible or taxonomyaligned within the meaning of the eu taxonomy regulation.  .  investment planning nonfinancial undertakings must disclose material information on investment planning for each of their specified economic activities

Score 0.498
we ensure compliance with regulatory requirements for the product areas through internal policies and procedural instructions as well as by establishing applying and continuously improving management systems.  our quali ty management systems have been certified in accordance with the internationally recognized iso iatf and aqap or en standards for many years now for example.  in addition methods including six sigma lean management and failure mode and e ffects analysis fmea are used to prevent quality risks.  appropriate insurance cover is in place for warranty product liability and recall risks which is reviewed periodically and adjusted where necessary

Score 0.498
due to the fact that this category is an addition to the annex to the environmental objective climate change mitigation of the dele gated regulation published in june the economic activities in this category are not checked for conformity and are therefore reported as taxonomyeligible in their entirety.  construction of new buildings . .  all new construction activities of the rheinmetall group have been allocated to the construction of new buildings criteria set

Score 0.497
letter to shareholders combined management report conso lidated financial statement further information nonfinancial as pects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report a portion of the taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned operating expenditure could be allocated to salesrelated activities.  the majority of our taxonomyeligible operating expenditure relates to areas in research and development that serve to expand taxonomyeligible andaligned activities.  t hey are intended to lead to additional taxonomyeligible sales and thus underscore the importance already attached to alternative drive technologies.  in addition operating expenditure for building refurbishment measures as well as maintenance and repair o f property plant and equipment has been identified that could be classified as taxonomyeligible or taxonomyaligned within the meaning of the eu taxonomy regulation

Score 0.497
therefore includes all automotive components whose targe t technology is zeroemission vehicles which means that there is no longer a restriction to components of the drivetrain of such a vehicle and therefore every component of a zeroemission vehicle is considered taxonomyeligible.  due to the fact that this category is an addition published in june the economic activities in this category are reported as taxonomyeligible in their entirety.  manufacture of aircraft .  rheinmetall aviation services generates sales from the manufacture maintenance re pair and technical support of drones

Score 0.496
in fiscal previous year of this was attributable to the internal combustion engine ice category previous year to industrial technology previous year to electrification and previous year to truck.  nominated backlog the nominated backlog of materials and trade amounted to million in fiscal .  compared to the previous year the nominated backlog of materials and trade decreased due to the reclassification of previous orders and framework contracts as individual transactions which by definition are not reported in t he nominated backlog .  operating result materials and trade generated an operating result at the previous years level at million in fiscal

Score 0.495
placing on the market the harmful substance is introduced onto the market for the first time by the own company and thus has an external effect.  use a harmful substance or a product containing the harmful substance is introduced into a product by the company for the first time in production manufacturing or assembly.  it should be noted that traceability over sever al stages of the value chain cannot currently be guaranteed.  with this determination the examination of the requirements of appendix c was handed over to the divisions and examined there for each individual taxonomy asset

Score 0.494
depollution and dismantling of endoflife products construction operatio n and modernization of facilities for the dismantling and removal of pollutants from complex endoflife products movable goods and their components for the purpose of material recovery or preparation for reuse of components.  rheinmetall landsysteme gmbh .  preparation for reuse of endoflife products and product components preparation for the reuse of products and components at the end of their service life.  ms motorservice france s

Score 0.491
production and project implementation rheinmetall counters potential production risks by applying high technical safety and process standards at its plants in line with the relevant risks.  we ensure compliance with regulatory requirements for the product areas through internal policies and procedural instructions as well as by establishing applying and continuously improving management systems.  our quali ty management systems have been certified in accordance with the internationally recognized iso iatf and aqap or en standards for many years now for example.  in addition methods including six sigma lean management and failure mode and e ffects analysis fmea are used to prevent quality risks

Score 0.491
these licensing requirements involve openended lists that prev ent lowtech goods from being used for armaments projects.  these are referred to as catchall clauses.  factors that play a role in licensing approval include the intended purpose of the goods and the respective purchasing country or country of destinatio n.  a licensing requirement may exist if the goods are intended to be used or may be used in connection with the development manufacture handling operation maintenance storage tracking identification or dissemination of chemical biological or nuclea r weapons or other nuclear explosives or for the development manufacture maintenance or storage of missiles for such weapons or are intended to be used for a military end purpose in an arms embargo country or for use as components of military goods exp orted without requiring a license or where the goods are for digital surveillance the goods are or may be intended in whole or in part for use in connection with internal repression andor the commission of serious violations of human rights and intern ational humanitarian law

Score 0.49
due to the fact that this category is an addition published in june the economic activities in this category are reported as taxonomyeligible in their entirety.  manufacture of aircraft .  rheinmetall aviation services generates sales from the manufacture maintenance re pair and technical support of drones.  the eu commission defines drones as all aircraft that can fly without a pilot on board

Score 0.489
manufacture of other low carbon technologies to the new category .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components this leads to a oneoff significant change in the kpis this year comp ared to the previous year.  due to the full reporting obligation for taxonomy eligibility and alignment for all environmental objectives taxonomy alignment is expected to increase again from the fiscal year.  with the results the kpis of the eu taxon omy regulation have been conclusively evaluated for the rheinmetall group

Score 0.489
export of nonlisted goods to en sure seamless export controls there are also licensing requirements for goods that are not technically described in any of the aforementioned export lists and are known as nonlisted goods.  these licensing requirements involve openended lists that prev ent lowtech goods from being used for armaments projects.  these are referred to as catchall clauses.  factors that play a role in licensing approval include the intended purpose of the goods and the respective purchasing country or country of destinatio n

Score 0.489
these are referred to as catchall clauses.  factors that play a role in licensing approval include the intended purpose of the goods and the respective purchasing country or country of destinatio n.  a licensing requirement may exist if the goods are intended to be used or may be used in connection with the development manufacture handling operation maintenance storage tracking identification or dissemination of chemical biological or nuclea r weapons or other nuclear explosives or for the development manufacture maintenance or storage of missiles for such weapons or are intended to be used for a military end purpose in an arms embargo country or for use as components of military goods exp orted without requiring a license or where the goods are for digital surveillance the goods are or may be intended in whole or in part for use in connection with internal repression andor the commission of serious violations of human rights and intern ational humanitarian law.  vehicle emissions mobility in its current dominant form relies on burning fossil fuels which is inextricably linked to the emission of substances that are harmful to health and the environment

Score 0.488
another focus of investment in was at the abadiano site in spain where production facilities for pollutantreducing products such as exhaust gas recirculation valves and secondary air systems were established.  at the hartha site in germany investments were made in fuel cell and electric motor components.  capital expen diture at materials and trade in was similar to the previous year and amounted to million .  the bearings business unit invested in capacity expansion for polymer bearing s hells plants and facilities for the production of polymercoated thrust washers cnc hard turning machines and tools

Score 0.488
g.  structural components and continuous casting products.  the various fields of activity can be seen in the following overview.  vehicle systems europe armored tracked vehicles vehicle systems international cbrn protection systems artillery turret systems wheeled logistics vehicles wheeled tactical vehicles weapon and ammunition weapons and munitions propellants protection systems international project s and services electronic solutions air defence systems soldier systems command control and reconnaissance systems fire control systems sensors simulation for the army air force navy and civilian applications sensors and actuators emissions reduction actuators solenoid valves water oil and vacuum pumps materials and trade engine blocks structural components and cylinder heads plain bearings and bushes global replacement parts business defence and security t echnology markets in the field of defence technology the world in the st century sometimes faces very tense security situations as well as complex and new threats as can be seen clearly in the war that russia is waging against ukraine

Score 0.486
with the manufacture of bushes for brakes and geared rotor shafts of wind turbines ks gleitl ager gmbh from materials and trade contributes significantly to the further development of wind power technologies.  in terms of the regulation we classify this as an enabling activity.  the requirements of the selected category for taxonomy eligibility are thus fulfilled according to our interpretation.  the substantial contribution emphasizes the letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report requirement that the economic activity produces technologies for renewable energies

Score 0.486
for the annexes of the delegated regulation on the new environmental objectives published in june and the additions to the existing a nnexes of environmental objectives and a soft landing will be carried out again this year so that no conformity check will be carried out and all economic activities identified here will be reported as taxonomycompliant.  due to the reclassification of economic activities in the automotive sector from category .  manufacture of other low carbon technologies to the new category .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components this leads to a oneoff significant change in the kpis this year comp ared to the previous year

Score 0.485
they are responsible for tracking new regulations and developments defining and implementing the required internal processes and conducting relevant training.  products in civilian business are subjected to extensive test ing in accordance with the regulations prescribed by automotive quality and development standards.  sensors and actuators for example uses a databasesupported process for product safety management which maps out the entire product lifecycle.  materials a nd trade uses special design and simulation tools

Score 0.484
. depollution and dismantling of endoflife products construction operatio n and modernization of facilities for the dismantling and removal of pollutants from complex endoflife products movable goods and their components for the purpose of material recovery or preparation for reuse of components.  rheinmetall landsysteme gmbh .  preparation for reuse of endoflife products and product components preparation for the reuse of products and components at the end of their service life

Score 0.484
preparation for reuse of endoflife products and product components .  this category includes the prep aration for reuse of endoflife products and product components at the end of their service life.  ms motorservice france s.  a

Score 0.484
legal bans on substances andor materials are taken into account through appropriate measures and cooperation with other specialist areas.  letter to shareholders combined management report consolidated financial statement further information risks and opportunities significant corporate risks rheinmetall annual re port bottlenecks in supply and sharp fluctuations in prices for raw materials involve significant risks.  price risks for raw materials particularly aluminum copper and nickel are countered with cost esca lation clauses in contracts on the sales side.  when procuring raw materials that are traded on the stock market the central commodities office manages the timing of purchases and the volume purchased in consultation with the operating units making use of financial hedging instruments

Score 0.484
the eu taxonomy distinguishes between taxonomyeligible economic activities which correspond to the pure description of a category and thus do not have any significance to sustainability.  economic activities are considered environmentally sustainable and thus taxonomyaligned if they make a substantial contribution to one or more of these defined en vironmental objectives do not significantly harm the achievement of any environmental objective do no significant harm principle dnsh and comply with minimum safeguards for occupational health and safety and human rights such as those arising from the oecd guidelines for multinational enterprises or the united nations guiding principles on business and human rights.  all corporate activities that cannot be assigned to any category are taxonomynoneligible.  based on these complex screening criteria the extent to which products and individual measures are ecologically sustainable as defined in the eu taxonomy regulation is specified

Score 0.484
product responsibility specialist working groups in the divisions deal for example with safety and environmental s tandards for rheinmetall products.  they are responsible for tracking new regulations and developments defining and implementing the required internal processes and conducting relevant training.  products in civilian business are subjected to extensive test ing in accordance with the regulations prescribed by automotive quality and development standards.  sensors and actuators for example uses a databasesupported process for product safety management which maps out the entire product lifecycle

Score 0.483
the wording a suggests an optional formulation so that economic activities that do not fall under the listed nace codes but can be clearly assigned to a category on the basis of the other criteria are considered taxonomyeligible.  wording b on the other hand can be understood as a mandatory formulation meaning that economic activ ities that cannot be assigned to the nace codes mentioned are considered nontaxonomyeligible.  according to eu annex i the capital expenditure and operating expenditure kpis are subdivided as a directly attributable to a taxonomyeligible oraligned activity b serving to expand taxonomyeligible andaligned activities or c relating to the acquisition of production from taxonomyaligned economic activities and to individual measures through which the target activities are carried out in a lowcarbon manner or the emission of greenhouse gases is reduced.  derived from this the assignment of the category sets first identified the salesgenerating economic activities and the associated capital and operating expenditure

Score 0.483
with the possible upcoming revisions of the legal texts and interpretations of the industries future changes to the classifications cannot be ruled out at the present time.  we will also continue to take taxonomy alignment requirements into account in all process steps in order to steadily increa se these in subsequent years.  letter to shareholders com bined management report consolidated financial statement further information corporate governance corporate governance stat ement rheinmetall annual report corporate governance corporate governance statement in this chapter the executive b oard and supervisory board report on corporate governance in the rheinmetall group in accordance with the fundamental principles of the german corporate governance code gcgc specifically principle of the gcgc.  the corporate governance statement in ac cordance with sections f and d of the german commercial code can also be found here

Score 0.483
in terms of the regulation we classify this as an enabling activity.  the requirements of the selected category for taxonomy eligibility are thus fulfilled according to our interpretation.  the substantial contribution emphasizes the letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report requirement that the economic activity produces technologies for renewable energies.  in this respect it is our understanding that no separate proof is required fo r this if taxonomy eligibility has already been proven

Score 0.483
identified criteria sets relevant for sales categories description of the activity affected companies environmental objective climate change mitigation . .  manufa cture of renewable energy technologies manufacture of renewable energy technologies where renewable energy is defined in article of directive eu .  ks gleitlager gmbh

Score 0.482
rheinmetall aviation services is also investing in the future production of military combat aircraft this year.  due to the fact that this category is an addition to the annex to the environmental objective climate change mitigation of the dele gated regulation published in june the economic activities in this category are not checked for conformity and are therefore reported as taxonomyeligible in their entirety.  construction of new buildings .

Score 0.482
after verification and any necessary adjustments as well as documentation of evidence this package was merged centrally.  appendix c generic criteria for dnsh to pollution prevention and control regarding use and presence of chemicals required a more comprehensive consideration and interpretation.  in this context the terms production placing on the market and use were defined a s follows production a harmful substance is produced for the first time in ones own company.  this does not yet include an external effect

Score 0.481
manufacture of low carbon technologies for transport manufacture repair maintenance retrofitting repurposing and upgrade of low carb on transport vehicles rolling stock and vessels.  rheinmetall man military vehicles gmbh . .  manufacture of energy efficient equipment for buildings manufacture of energy efficient equipment for buildings

Score 0.48
and internal organizational requirements the executive board of rheinmetall ag issues regulations for the rheinmetall group so that all employees concerned act in line with stan dardized processes.  regulation management which is based in the central corporate compliance department provides support with the preparation and management of conduct and processrelated regulations of rheinmetall ag for the rheinmetall group.  to ensur e a standardized procedure the regulation management manual is available.  this manual is aimed primarily at publishers and authors as well as members of the executive board and management bodies but also includes several interfaces at all organizational levels

Score 0.48
as part of this the determination was divided into three phases identification of relevant category sets allocation of economic activities taxonomy eligibility and taxonomy alignment testing.  the categories were identified for all six environmental objectives.  a comprehensive assessment was carried out for the final delegated regulation published by the eu commission in june on the e nvironmental objectives sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control and protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems .  on this basis the relev ant categories with the associated criteria sets were identified and all nonapplicable categories were excluded

Score 0.479
wherever possible the management systems are run as integrated management systems meaning that the issue of quality is linked with other issues such as the environment health and safety and energy.  risks may arise from capacity bottlenecks due to staff shortages technical disruptions excessive sc rap levels lack of demand availability as a result of failures or partial failures in the supply chains or excessive reliance on individual production sites.  these risks can be mitigated however through careful planning and continuous letter to shareholders combined management report consolidated financial statement further information risks and op portunities significant corporate risks rheinmetall annual report monitoring of the production processes in conjunction with flexible working hour models.  continuous improvement in production for example by simplifying processes or increasing the level of automation helps to further increase production efficiency

Score 0.479
the start ing point for defining an economic activity as environmentally sustainable is the six environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy regulation climate change mitigation climate change adaptation sustainable use and protection of water and mari ne resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control and the protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems.  the eu taxonomy distinguishes between taxonomyeligible economic activities which correspond to the pure description of a category and thus do not have any significance to sustainability.  economic activities are considered environmentally sustainable and thus taxonomyaligned if they make a substantial contribution to one or more of these defined en vironmental objectives do not significantly harm the achievement of any environmental objective do no significant harm principle dnsh and comply with minimum safeguards for occupational health and safety and human rights such as those arising from the oecd guidelines for multinational enterprises or the united nations guiding principles on business and human rights.  all corporate activities that cannot be assigned to any category are taxonomynoneligible

Score 0.479
was applicable for activities in the automotive supplier industry on the basis of the e u commissions faq from february .  with the reintroduction of category .  by the eu commission in june the components are now taken into account accordingly.  while in the previous year components of a hybrid vehicle could also be considered un der category

Score 0.477
we prevent reduce or recycle waste or dispose of it in a safe and environmentally friendly way.  we aim to keep disposal quantities to as low a level as possible.  production and materialrelated recycling takes place individually based on the requirements of the specific site.  this entails waste separation secure disposal methods and economically viable recycling processes

Score 0.477
to meet the sub stantial contribution k the technical screening criteria in section .  of eu annex must be met.  however these refer to the final product itself which is why we have limited ourselves to the fulfillment of the technical screening criter ia of category .

Score 0.477
as part of the reconditioning process they are prepared so that they can be reused in a vehicle without further processing.  the sales associated with the described activity are therefore to be regarded as taxonomycompliant in the present category.  .  do no significant harm to any of the environmental objectives dnsh this approach can essentially be divided int o three phases centralized evaluation locationspecific verification and individual consideration

Score 0.477
manufacture of automotive and mobility c omponents is to be further expanded in the coming years with capital expenditure of around .  million.  further taxonomyaligned capital expenditure of around million is also planned in the coming years in category .  transmission and distribution of electricity

Score 0.476
environmental prot ection and conservation management approach business activities and in particular production processes are associated with the consumption of natural resources.  from our perspective environmental protection and conservation play a major role in ensuring we have a sustainable future that is worth living.  the careful use of natural resources is part of how the rheinmetall group views itself.  using raw materials and energy economically and avoiding environmental damage in business and production processes a re also among the key foundations on which the group companies business activities are based as is dealing with residual materials and emissions responsibly

Score 0.476
of eu annex must be met.  however these refer to the final product itself which is why we have limited ourselves to the fulfillment of the technical screening criter ia of category . .  compliance with article letters b and c of eu is presented separately

Score 0.476
decisions on the production of or trade in arms munitions and war materials are therefore up to the respective national lawmakers.  war weapons article of german basic law states that the manufacture transportation and marketing of war weapons requires a license from the german government.  the details are specified in a federal law the german war weapons control act krwaffkontrg.  an annex to the krwaffkontrg the war weapons list lists all items that are definitively regarded as war weapons

Score 0.475
.  materials and trade .  operating margin of to operating margin of to operating margin of to operating margin of to .

Score 0.475
the granting of licenses can additionally be made contingent upon the recipient country giving its consent to onsite postshipment controls in line with the federal governments adopted key points for the introduction of postshipment controls for german military equipment exports and any subsequent regulations.  letter to shareholders combined management report consolidated financial statement further information basic information on the rheinmetall group regulatory environment rheinmetall annual report shipments of war weapons and other military goods of a q uantity or type that could be relevant to war weapons are approved only upon presentation of official enduser certificates that include a reexport ban subject to authority approval.  this applies mutatis mutandis to any other military equipment related to war weapons exported in connection with a manufacturing license.  effective end use regulations must be made a precondition for these manufactured war weapons

Score 0.475
economic activities are considered environmentally sustainable and thus taxonomyaligned if they make a substantial contribution to one or more of these defined en vironmental objectives do not significantly harm the achievement of any environmental objective do no significant harm principle dnsh and comply with minimum safeguards for occupational health and safety and human rights such as those arising from the oecd guidelines for multinational enterprises or the united nations guiding principles on business and human rights.  all corporate activities that cannot be assigned to any category are taxonomynoneligible.  based on these complex screening criteria the extent to which products and individual measures are ecologically sustainable as defined in the eu taxonomy regulation is specified.  since the publication of delegated regulation eu by the eu commission in june on environmental objecti ves to sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems these are now available for all six environmen tal objectives defined in the eu taxonomy regulation

Score 0.474
compared to the previous year the nominated backlog of materials and trade decreased due to the reclassification of previous orders and framework contracts as individual transactions which by definition are not reported in t he nominated backlog .  operating result materials and trade generated an operating result at the previous years level at million in fiscal .  the operating margin of .  is on a par with the previous years level

Score 0.473
for example information on components materials repairability and reuse as well as usage data is stored individua lly for each product in digital form.  key players along the value and supply chain can access this data via a unique identifier and decide how a used product can be optimally fed into further value creation from an economic and ecological perspective repa ir reuse recycle etc. .  rheinmetall has been actively involved in an initiative of the european defence agency eda on this topic

Score 0.472
the primary focus here is on the application of expertise in the area o f highly complex components.  in addition industrialization in the area of emobility new mobility is being driven forward.  in the area of automotive and motor applications the focus remained on the series production of a complex cylinder crankcase ccc by means of lowpressure sand casting and on the expansion of process development for the series production of electric motor housings for electric drives.  these developments are aimed at both the european and asian markets and will lead to an expanded p roduct and market portfolio