Scores_k_FINANCIAL AND INSURANCE ACTIVITIESScore 0.555
the share of financial assets in total assets subsequently increased from to .  receivables and other assets of million previous year million mainly comprise receivables from affiliated companies.  these originate almost exclusively from intragroup financing and central liquidity manage ment.  the share of these receivables in total assets amounted to previous year

Score 0.55
the share of these receivables in total assets amounted to previous year .  the securities portfolio in the previous year related to the shares in a special fund acquired at the end of as a strategic liquidity reserve.  these were dispos ed of in full in .  cash and cash equivalents rose from million in the previous year to million

Score 0.549
these originate almost exclusively from intragroup financing and central liquidity manage ment.  the share of these receivables in total assets amounted to previous year .  the securities portfolio in the previous year related to the shares in a special fund acquired at the end of as a strategic liquidity reserve.  these were dispos ed of in full in

Score 0.543
provisions include pension provisions of million previous year million .  measured pension obligations of million previous year million are covered by plan assets of million previous year million .  other liabilities include liabilities to affiliated companies of million previous year million .  these originate almost exclusively from intragroup financing and central liquidity management

Score 0.542
other attestation services .  tax services .  other services .

Score 0.54
the investment strategy and composition of assets manag ed by pension funds are geared towards yield targets risk tolerance and shortterm and mediumterm liquidity requirements.  classification of the plan assets in properties shares funds corporate bonds other total the fair values of shares fund units fixedinterest securities and other investments are determined based on market prices in an active market.  the fair values of property are not based on market prices in an active m arket.  for the following year the estimated cash outflows of continuing operations for contributions to plan assets are shown below

Score 0.534
the productsservices provided primarily relate to recognized sales proceed s from the sale of finished and unfinished goods and from construction contracts with project companies.  the receivables mainly include trade receivables contract assets and prepayments made.  the liabilities mainly relate to trade payables and contract li abilities.  the scope of relatedparty transactions is shown in the table below

Score 0.522
any return o f assets and income to the contributing companies is excluded.  the top bodies in the foundations comprise equal numbers of employer and employee representatives of the relevant companies.  the foundations are responsible for investments.  principles of secur ity risk distribution yield and liquidity must be observed in this process in order to be able to render the agreed benefits from the foundations assets when due

Score 0.522
classification of the plan assets in properties shares funds corporate bonds other total the fair values of shares fund units fixedinterest securities and other investments are determined based on market prices in an active market.  the fair values of property are not based on market prices in an active m arket.  for the following year the estimated cash outflows of continuing operations for contributions to plan assets are shown below.  estimated cash outflows to plan assets million employer contributions to plan assets employee contributions to plan assets the following cash outflows for the payment of pensions from the pension plans of continuing operations are expected for the following periods cash outflows for payments of pensions from pension plans million payments from pla n assets payments from companies letter to shareholders combined management report consolidated financial statement further information notes to the consolidated financial statements notes to the statement of financial position rheinmetall annual report other provisions classification of other provisions million human resources structural measures guarantees identifiable losses contractrelated costs other provisions total as of utilization reversal added provided for currency differences other as of of which current of which noncurrent as of utilization reversal added provided for adjustments in scope of consolidation currency differe nces other as of of which current of which noncurrent personnel provisions essentially relate to variable remunerati on of million previous year million and obligations from vacation overtime and flexitime accounts of million previous year million

Score 0.52
the foundations are responsible for investments.  principles of secur ity risk distribution yield and liquidity must be observed in this process in order to be able to render the agreed benefits from the foundations assets when due.  both contributions paid into the pension funds and future benefits arising from these are reviewed regularly by the foundations bodies and may be changed after taking into account the foundations financial options.  in the event of a shortage of cover the pension funds can levy remedial contributions from all associated employers if other mea sures do not lead to the desired result

Score 0.515
a. u.  the fund units held for trading strategic liquidity reserve not included in these figures were sold in full in previous ye ar million .  roce million net financial debts securities held for trade strategic liquidity reserve assets from pension val uation pension provisions equity capital employed average capital employed ebit roce in

Score 0.512
as well as general actuarial risks arising from the measurement of pension obligations the plan assets harbor investment risks.  the investment strategy and composition of assets manag ed by pension funds are geared towards yield targets risk tolerance and shortterm and mediumterm liquidity requirements.  classification of the plan assets in properties shares funds corporate bonds other total the fair values of shares fund units fixedinterest securities and other investments are determined based on market prices in an active market.  the fair values of property are not based on market prices in an active m arket

Score 0.507
measured pension obligations of million previous year million are covered by plan assets of million previous year million .  other liabilities include liabilities to affiliated companies of million previous year million .  these originate almost exclusively from intragroup financing and central liquidity management.  the share of these liabilities in total assets declined from to

Score 0.505
the top bodies in the foundations comprise equal numbers of employer and employee representatives of the relevant companies.  the foundations are responsible for investments.  principles of secur ity risk distribution yield and liquidity must be observed in this process in order to be able to render the agreed benefits from the foundations assets when due.  both contributions paid into the pension funds and future benefits arising from these are reviewed regularly by the foundations bodies and may be changed after taking into account the foundations financial options

Score 0.503
as of the end of the reporting period the default risk of fina ncial assets is checked and if necessary an impairment recognized on the basis of expected losses.  for trade receivables the simplified method is used applying the customer credit rating and specific country risks.  the loss allowance for expected defaul t risks is recognized in the income statement.  cash and cash equivalents are measured at amortized cost

Score 0.503
standard market purchases and sales of financial assets are recognized for the first time on the settlement date.  this is the date when the financial instrument is delivered or the payment is made.  notwithstanding this derivatives are recognized for the first time as of the date when the contract is concluded or the trading date.  there are three measurement categories for the subsequent measurement o f financial instruments measurement at amortized cost measurement at fair value through other comprehensive income fvoci and measurement at fair value through profit or loss fvtpl

Score 0.498
u.  the share of financial assets in total assets subsequently increased from to .  receivables and other assets of million previous year million mainly comprise receivables from affiliated companies.  these originate almost exclusively from intragroup financing and central liquidity manage ment

Score 0.496
due to the increase in total assets the equity ratio fell to previous year .  provisions include pension provisions of million previous year million .  measured pension obligations of million previous year million are covered by plan assets of million previous year million .  other liabilities include liabilities to affiliated companies of million previous year million

Score 0.495
principles of secur ity risk distribution yield and liquidity must be observed in this process in order to be able to render the agreed benefits from the foundations assets when due.  both contributions paid into the pension funds and future benefits arising from these are reviewed regularly by the foundations bodies and may be changed after taking into account the foundations financial options.  in the event of a shortage of cover the pension funds can levy remedial contributions from all associated employers if other mea sures do not lead to the desired result.  liability of the swiss subsidiaries towards the companies belonging to the pension funds is excluded

Score 0.491
a. u.  the share of financial assets in total assets subsequently increased from to .  receivables and other assets of million previous year million mainly comprise receivables from affiliated companies

Score 0.491
by the end of the year around .  billion or of the guarantee credit facilities and rounded million or of the cash credit facilities had been drawn.  there are also real es tate loans and other subsidised loans totaling million.  at the end of the year the trust assets used to finance liabilities from the company pension scheme or as insolvency protection in connection with semiretirement models and working time accounts were valued at million

Score 0.491
for the following year the estimated cash outflows of continuing operations for contributions to plan assets are shown below.  estimated cash outflows to plan assets million employer contributions to plan assets employee contributions to plan assets the following cash outflows for the payment of pensions from the pension plans of continuing operations are expected for the following periods cash outflows for payments of pensions from pension plans million payments from pla n assets payments from companies letter to shareholders combined management report consolidated financial statement further information notes to the consolidated financial statements notes to the statement of financial position rheinmetall annual report other provisions classification of other provisions million human resources structural measures guarantees identifiable losses contractrelated costs other provisions total as of utilization reversal added provided for currency differences other as of of which current of which noncurrent as of utilization reversal added provided for adjustments in scope of consolidation currency differe nces other as of of which current of which noncurrent personnel provisions essentially relate to variable remunerati on of million previous year million and obligations from vacation overtime and flexitime accounts of million previous year million .  provisions for restructuring mainly relate to t ermination settlements and expenses for partial retirement obligations.  the provisions for contractrelated costs comprise offset obligations of million previous year million contractual penalties of million previous year million price review risks of million previous year million contractrelated commissions of million previous year million and other contr act costs of million previous year million

Score 0.489
please refer to the information under note investments accounted for using the equity method .  the unrealized financial income amounted to million as of december previous year million.  the increase in the net defined benefit from plan assets is explained under note provisions for pensions and simila r obligations .  the contract acquisition costs are explained in note sales

Score 0.487
the main financ ial risks are liquidity risks counterparty risks and market price risks arising from changes in interest rates exchange rates or raw material prices.  liquidity risk is the risk that existing or future payment obligations cannot be met cannot be met on t ime or can be met only with excessive costs.  to manage this risk all cash transactions are recorded assessed and centrally aggregated within the scope of corporate planning and rolling monthly twelvemonth liquidity plans.  the values calculated are compa red with the available financial scope to identify any potential financing gaps early on

Score 0.486
u.  the fund units held for trading strategic liquidity reserve not included in these figures were sold in full in previous ye ar million .  roce million net financial debts securities held for trade strategic liquidity reserve assets from pension val uation pension provisions equity capital employed average capital employed ebit roce in .

Score 0.484
contingent liabilities million letters of comfort other there are also obligations in connection with service agreements and oth er purchase commitments of million previous year million.  the purchase c ommitment from firm capital expenditure contracts totals million previous year million.  the increase in the above obligations relates to the groups growth and the positive order trend.  additional information on financial instruments financial i nstruments according to the measurement categories of ifrs measurement category in accordance with ifrs million amortized cost fair valueoci fair valuepl no category total trade receivables cash a nd cash equivalents securities held for trade derivatives without hedge accounting derivatives with cash flow hedge other financial assets financial assets promissory notes commercial paper other financial debts trade liabilities derivatives without hedge accounting derivatives wi th cash flow hedge other financial liabilities financial liabilities letter to shareholders combined management report consolidated financial statement further information notes to the consolid ated financial statements other explanatory information rheinmetall annual report measurement category in accordance with ifrs million amortized cost fair valueoci fair val uepl no category total trade receivables cash and cash equivalents securities held for trade derivatives without hedge accounting derivatives with cash flow hedge other financial assets financial assets convertible bond promissory notes commercial paper other financial debts trade liabilities derivatives without hedge accounting derivatives with cash flow hedge other financial liabilities financial liabilities with trade receivables measured at amortized cost the carrying amount approximates the fair value

Score 0.482
assets and liabilities that are not within the scope of the measurement requirements of ifrs are measured in accordance with the standards applicable to them.  the elimination entries for transactio ns between continuing and discontinued operations are assigned in full to discontinued operations.  in reporting the activities of the discontinued operation are not assigned to a reportable segment.  assets and liabilities of discontinued operations are re classified to the assets held for sale and liabilities directly associated with assets held for sale items in the statement of financial position

Score 0.48
it also helps to ensure that the corporate targets can be met.  it provides highquality information for group ma nagement clearly defines responsibilities for identifying and controlling risks ensures effective risk analysis control and monitoring thanks to clearly defined risk fields and types and closer dovetailing with other corporate governance systems.  it com prises the ad hoc operational and strategic risk management pillars and pursues the three lines of defence approach.  three lines of defence model the first line of defence lies with the management of the operating activities which is responsible f or recording assessing and managing the risks that arise there

Score 0.48
contract li abilities result from the excess of advance payments received and other customer payments over the performance already rendered.  approximately two thirds of contract liabilities included in the items at the beginning of the fiscal year were recognized as i ncome in fiscal .  contract liabilities increased by million to million previous year million .  in addition there are assets in c onnection with the acquisition of contracts with customers which are as follows assets recognized from the costs to obtain a contract with a customer million as of addition writedown reversal adjustment in scope of consolidation currency differences as of the assets from contract acquisition see note other assets relate to contracts with customers in security technol ogy and essentially comprise commissions for agents and indirect offset costs

Score 0.479
please refer to the information under note other assets .  the net result from financi al assets and liabilities allocated to the category at fair value through profit or loss amounted to income of million previous year loss of million.  for financial assets and liabilities not allocated to a measurement category in accordance with ifrs this resulted in income of million previous year income of million.  the carrying amounts and fair values of financial instruments that are measured at amortized cost and whose carrying amounts do not approximate fair value are shown below

Score 0.478
the fund units held for trading strategic liquidity reserve not included in these figures were sold in full in previous ye ar million .  roce million net financial debts securities held for trade strategic liquidity reserve assets from pension val uation pension provisions equity capital employed average capital employed ebit roce in .  .  the figures for the previous year were restated as a result of the amended schedule for the disposal of and the retrospective atequity valuation of the investment in shriram pistons rings ltd

Score 0.477
trade receivables and liquid financial assets are generally measured at amortized cost.  trade receivables classified by group companies as available for sale must be measured at fair value through other comprehensive inco me.  other financial assets measured at amortized cost are discounted by applying rates that match their maturity on firsttime recognition and written down using the effective interest method.  as of the end of the reporting period the default risk of fina ncial assets is checked and if necessary an impairment recognized on the basis of expected losses

Score 0.477
creditworthinesslinked counterparty limits are also used to limit financial default risks.  in addition to the conceptual approaches financial management also follows strict organizational guidelines such as strict adherence to the principle of dual control and the separati on of implementation processing and checking in the front middle and back offices.  this ensures compliance with legal requirements and that financial instruments are used exclusively in connection with operating business and not for speculative purpose s.  other important principles include ensuring that data is secure and that transactions are documented so that they can be traced

Score 0.476
estimated cash outflows to plan assets million employer contributions to plan assets employee contributions to plan assets the following cash outflows for the payment of pensions from the pension plans of continuing operations are expected for the following periods cash outflows for payments of pensions from pension plans million payments from pla n assets payments from companies letter to shareholders combined management report consolidated financial statement further information notes to the consolidated financial statements notes to the statement of financial position rheinmetall annual report other provisions classification of other provisions million human resources structural measures guarantees identifiable losses contractrelated costs other provisions total as of utilization reversal added provided for currency differences other as of of which current of which noncurrent as of utilization reversal added provided for adjustments in scope of consolidation currency differe nces other as of of which current of which noncurrent personnel provisions essentially relate to variable remunerati on of million previous year million and obligations from vacation overtime and flexitime accounts of million previous year million .  provisions for restructuring mainly relate to t ermination settlements and expenses for partial retirement obligations.  the provisions for contractrelated costs comprise offset obligations of million previous year million contractual penalties of million previous year million price review risks of million previous year million contractrelated commissions of million previous year million and other contr act costs of million previous year million .  miscellaneous provisions relate to environmen tal risks at million previous year million rebates and bonuses at million previous year million as well as other individual provisions

Score 0.475
furthermore the passing of legislation or regu lations for the finance sector could cause institutional investors to restructure their portfolios and reduce or terminate their exposures in companies that operate in industries classed as critical.  possible sector exclusions e. g.  for the weapons and def ence industry could also limit our options to raise capital

Score 0.475
the previous years figures in the income statement are restated accordingly.  the statement of cash flows continues to compr ise the cash flows of the entire group and is supplemented by an of which item for the net cash flows of discontinued operations.  contract assets and contract liabilities contract assets are recognized in connection with contracts with customers if in the case of contract manufacturing the cumulative sales recognized over time exceed the sum of the advance payments received and progress billings.  as of the end of the reporting period this asset item is tested for impairment and if necessary an imp airment is recognized on the basis of expected losses

Score 0.475
in addition operating expenditure for building refurbishment measures as well as maintenance and repair o f property plant and equipment has been identified that could be classified as taxonomyeligible or taxonomyaligned within the meaning of the eu taxonomy regulation.  .  investment planning nonfinancial undertakings must disclose material information on investment planning for each of their specified economic activities.  there is currently no clear interpretation of what the investment plan includes meaning that different interpretations exist with regard to the market

Score 0.474
the relevant measurement category for a financial instru ment depends on the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset and the entitys business model for managing financial assets.  if the contractual cash flows comprise solely payments of principal and interest sppi and the business model i s hold financial instruments are measured at amortized cost.  financial instruments with sppi cash flows but the hold and sell business model are measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.  if the sppi criterion is not met the financial instruments are likewise measured at fair value but the changes in value are recognized through profit or loss

Score 0.474
riskmitigating effects are implemented through the management measures with the aim of safeguarding the profitability of ongoing business operations and rheinmetalls assets.  furthermore implemented contractual structures a nd where required use of primary and derivative financial instruments serve to mitigate potentially negative effects on earnings or assets.  to achieve its aims rheinmetall follows the principle of financial independence from individual banks and financi al service providers and the prevention of cluster risks.  for this reason rheinmetall has a broadly diversified portfolio of national and international financial partners for every service involved in processing operational business

Score 0.472
the carrying amount of the secured assets is described under note proper ty plant and equipment .  commercial paper there are various commercial paper instruments with a nominal value of million in total that serve the groups general corporate financing as of the end of the reporting period.  the cash and noncash changes in financial debts are shown below.  letter to shareholders combined management report consolidated financial statement further information notes to the consolidated financial statements notes to the statement of financial position rheinmetall annual report cash and noncash changes in financial debts million convertible bond promissory notes bank liabilities leasing commercial papers other total year year year year as of cash changes borrowing of financial debts repayment of finan cial debts noncash changes currency differences adjustment in scope of consolidation addition of rightofuse assets book transfers as of and cash changes borrowing of financial debts repayment of financial debts noncash changes currency differences adjustment in scope of consolid ation interest addition of rightofuse assets book transfers as of other liabilities classification of other liabilities million of which current of which noncurrent of which current of which noncurrent monies in transit from debt collection derivatives other financial liabili ties liabilities from other taxes liabilities from social security other nonfinancial liabilities other liabilities million of the other current financial liabilities is attributable to the purchase price adjustment to be paid to maxamcorp

Score 0.472
consequently the taxonomyrelevant transactions are also only a subset of this limited unit.  the denominator must inclu de direct noncapitalized expenses incurred for research and development building renovation measures shortterm leasing maintenance and repair and all other direct expenses from the maintenance of property plant and equipment to ensure operational re adiness.  here too we have used standardized reporting formats and thus include maintenance costs expenses for shortterm and lowvalue leases and noncapitalized expenses for research and development.  the additional determination of expenses for the da ily maintenance of assets has been carried out since

Score 0.472
notwithstanding this derivatives are recognized for the first time as of the date when the contract is concluded or the trading date.  there are three measurement categories for the subsequent measurement o f financial instruments measurement at amortized cost measurement at fair value through other comprehensive income fvoci and measurement at fair value through profit or loss fvtpl.  the relevant measurement category for a financial instru ment depends on the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset and the entitys business model for managing financial assets.  if the contractual cash flows comprise solely payments of principal and interest sppi and the business model i s hold financial instruments are measured at amortized cost

Score 0.471
for further information see corporate management and control .  for relevant risks see risks and opportunities .  letter to shareholders combined management report conso lidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report eu taxonomy .  sustainable finance sustainable finance means taking account of environmental social and governance esg considerations when making investment decisions in the finance sector which should lead to longerterm investments in sustainable economic activities and projects

Score 0.471
there are three measurement categories for the subsequent measurement o f financial instruments measurement at amortized cost measurement at fair value through other comprehensive income fvoci and measurement at fair value through profit or loss fvtpl.  the relevant measurement category for a financial instru ment depends on the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset and the entitys business model for managing financial assets.  if the contractual cash flows comprise solely payments of principal and interest sppi and the business model i s hold financial instruments are measured at amortized cost.  financial instruments with sppi cash flows but the hold and sell business model are measured at fair value through other comprehensive income

Score 0.471
this also applies to c ountry and counterparty risks.  riskmitigating effects are implemented through the management measures with the aim of safeguarding the profitability of ongoing business operations and rheinmetalls assets.  furthermore implemented contractual structures a nd where required use of primary and derivative financial instruments serve to mitigate potentially negative effects on earnings or assets.  to achieve its aims rheinmetall follows the principle of financial independence from individual banks and financi al service providers and the prevention of cluster risks

Score 0.468
letter to shareholders combined management report conso lidated financial statement further information nonfinancial as pects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report a portion of the taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned operating expenditure could be allocated to salesrelated activities.  the majority of our taxonomyeligible operating expenditure relates to areas in research and development that serve to expand taxonomyeligible andaligned activities.  t hey are intended to lead to additional taxonomyeligible sales and thus underscore the importance already attached to alternative drive technologies.  in addition operating expenditure for building refurbishment measures as well as maintenance and repair o f property plant and equipment has been identified that could be classified as taxonomyeligible or taxonomyaligned within the meaning of the eu taxonomy regulation

Score 0.467
letter to shareholders combined management report conso lidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report eu taxonomy .  sustainable finance sustainable finance means taking account of environmental social and governance esg considerations when making investment decisions in the finance sector which should lead to longerterm investments in sustainable economic activities and projects.  in addition to climate change mitigation the ecological aspects also include adapting to climate change and environmental factors such as preserving biodiversity avoiding pollution and the circular economy.  social parameters may for example relate to issues of inequality working conditions investments in local communities and human rights

Score 0.466
governance this nonfinancial statement of the group which includes all continuing and discontinued business activities was prepared in line with th e requirements of sections b c in conjunction with sections c to e hgb.  pursuant to section b sentence hgb reference is made to the nonfinancial disclosures included in another part of the group management report for more detailed in formation on individual aspects.  we use the standards of the global reporting initiative gri as a reporting basis when preparing the nonfinancial statement.  in this way we want to ensure transparency and comparability

Score 0.465
the liabilities mainly relate to trade payables and contract li abilities.  the scope of relatedparty transactions is shown in the table below.  transactions with related parties joint ventures associated companies million productsservices provided productsservices received receivables incl.  contract assets dec

Score 0.465
when determining the necessary financial scope rheinmetall takes great care to ensure that adequate reserves are held at all times.  counterparty risks arise in connection with deposits financing commitments or fina ncial receivables such as positive fair values from hedging transactions as a result of the relevant counterpartys inability to pay or insolvency.  rheinmetall manages these risks through limitbased creditworthinesslinked and widely diversified lending from commercial banks.  financial transactions are conducted exclusively with banking or insurance partners that have an investment grade rating from recognized rating agencies or comparable credit ratings

Score 0.464
cash and cash equivalents comprise any liquid assets with a remaining term of less than three months at the date of their purchase.  changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments are recognized in the income statement.  if the conditions under ifrs are met they are accounted for as cash flow hedges.  the effective portion of the changes in the fair value of the designated derivative is re cognized in equity in the hedge reserve

Score 0.464
no material cash outflows are expected here.  contingent liabilities million letters of comfort other there are also obligations in connection with service agreements and oth er purchase commitments of million previous year million.  the purchase c ommitment from firm capital expenditure contracts totals million previous year million.  the increase in the above obligations relates to the groups growth and the positive order trend

Score 0.463
receivables and other assets of million previous year million mainly comprise receivables from affiliated companies.  these originate almost exclusively from intragroup financing and central liquidity manage ment.  the share of these receivables in total assets amounted to previous year .  the securities portfolio in the previous year related to the shares in a special fund acquired at the end of as a strategic liquidity reserve

Score 0.463
the elimination entries for transactio ns between continuing and discontinued operations are assigned in full to discontinued operations.  in reporting the activities of the discontinued operation are not assigned to a reportable segment.  assets and liabilities of discontinued operations are re classified to the assets held for sale and liabilities directly associated with assets held for sale items in the statement of financial position.  the previous years statement of financial position items are not reclassified

Score 0.462
both contributions paid into the pension funds and future benefits arising from these are reviewed regularly by the foundations bodies and may be changed after taking into account the foundations financial options.  in the event of a shortage of cover the pension funds can levy remedial contributions from all associated employers if other mea sures do not lead to the desired result.  liability of the swiss subsidiaries towards the companies belonging to the pension funds is excluded.  at one swiss subsidiary letter to shareholders combined management report consolidated financial statement further information notes to the consolidated financial statements notes to the statement of fi nancial position rheinmetall annual report benefits from the pension fund provided for in accordance with the pension plan are also covered by an insurance policy

Score 0.462
interests and dividends interest income and expense are recognized on an accrual basis.  dividends are recognized i n income when the legal claim to payment is established.  summary of main measurement methods assets goodwill cost subsequent measurement impairment test other intangible assets amortized cost rightofuse assets amortized cost property pl ant and equipment amortized cost investment property amortized cost investments accounted for using the equity method equity method inventories amortized cost trade receivables amortized cost fvoci cash and cash equivalents amortized cost other financial assets hold business model sppi met amortized cost hold and sell business model sppi met fair value through other comprehensive income derivatives fair value through profit or loss all other financial assets fair value through profit or loss equity and liabilities provisions for pensions and similar obligation present value of dbo other provisions discounted settlement amount financial liabilities amortized cost trade liabilities amortized cost other liabilities derivatives fair value miscellaneous amortized cost fvoci fair value through other comprehensive income sppi solely payments of principal and interest estimates the preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires assumptions and estimates affecting the application of accounting principles within the group and the disclosure of assets liabilities income and expenses.  when examining the recognition of goodwill of million as of december previous year million assumptions and estimates relating to forecasts and the discounting of futu re cash flows were made to calculate the recoverable amount of the relevant cashgenerating units

Score 0.462
the statement of cash flows continues to compr ise the cash flows of the entire group and is supplemented by an of which item for the net cash flows of discontinued operations.  contract assets and contract liabilities contract assets are recognized in connection with contracts with customers if in the case of contract manufacturing the cumulative sales recognized over time exceed the sum of the advance payments received and progress billings.  as of the end of the reporting period this asset item is tested for impairment and if necessary an imp airment is recognized on the basis of expected losses.  if the recognized sales are lower than the sum of the advance payments received and progress billings a contract liability is recognized

Score 0.461
company pension scheme introduced in monthly contributions have been paid into the trust assets on an ongoing basis since january .  the investment of the funds is based on a lifecycle model and takes place in various portfolios that ensure risk diversification.  contributions totaling million were paid over the course of .  at the end of the year the trust assets allocated to rheinmetall plus

Score 0.461
for continuing operations a total of million has been paid into a fund managed by a trustee si nce million of which was allocated to pension obligations and million to partial retirement obligations.  pension payments to the beneficiaries are made by the respective group companies.  there are pension plans at the swiss subsidiaries eac h of which is managed via pension funds for several companies multiemployer plans.  these are defined benefit plans used to cover pensions and risks arising from invalidity and death for former employees their relatives and surviving dependents

Score 0.461
in addition to the carrying amounts of the liabilities that form letter to shareholders combin ed management report consolidated financial statement further information notes to the consolidated fi nancial statements summary of accounting principles rheinmetall annual report part of such arrangements companies must also disclose the portion of these liabilities for which the suppliers have already received payments and the items of the statement of financial position under which these liabilities are reported.  furthermore disclosures must be made with regard to the ranges of the payment terms for these financial liabilities and for compar able trade payables that do not form part of such finance arrangements with suppliers.  as a result of the amendments to ifrs information on liquidity risk must also be provided for supplier finance arrangements.  the amendments to ias establish regul ations that can be used to determine whether two currencies are exchangeable with one another and how the exchange rates are to be determined if a currency is not exchangeable

Score 0.461
.  the previous years figures for the comparative period have been restated accordingly applying ifrs carrying amounts adjusted due to the change in me asurement of operating land the definition of the key finacial management indicator operating result was adjusted retrospectively in the third quarter of .  the figure for the previous year was also adjusted accordingly .  ebitaverage capital em ployed

Score 0.461
the fair values of property are not based on market prices in an active m arket.  for the following year the estimated cash outflows of continuing operations for contributions to plan assets are shown below.  estimated cash outflows to plan assets million employer contributions to plan assets employee contributions to plan assets the following cash outflows for the payment of pensions from the pension plans of continuing operations are expected for the following periods cash outflows for payments of pensions from pension plans million payments from pla n assets payments from companies letter to shareholders combined management report consolidated financial statement further information notes to the consolidated financial statements notes to the statement of financial position rheinmetall annual report other provisions classification of other provisions million human resources structural measures guarantees identifiable losses contractrelated costs other provisions total as of utilization reversal added provided for currency differences other as of of which current of which noncurrent as of utilization reversal added provided for adjustments in scope of consolidation currency differe nces other as of of which current of which noncurrent personnel provisions essentially relate to variable remunerati on of million previous year million and obligations from vacation overtime and flexitime accounts of million previous year million .  provisions for restructuring mainly relate to t ermination settlements and expenses for partial retirement obligations

Score 0.46
other financial assets measured at amortized cost are discounted by applying rates that match their maturity on firsttime recognition and written down using the effective interest method.  as of the end of the reporting period the default risk of fina ncial assets is checked and if necessary an impairment recognized on the basis of expected losses.  for trade receivables the simplified method is used applying the customer credit rating and specific country risks.  the loss allowance for expected defaul t risks is recognized in the income statement

Score 0.46
the service cost and the balance of entryleaving benefits are reported under perso nnel expenses.  the interest expense and interest income from pensions are netted in net interest income.  employers and employees made total payments of million to plan assets previous year million.  million previous year million of this relates to the allocation to cta assets for pension obligations in germany

Score 0.459
net result from financial instruments million interest income interest expenses guarantee commission currency r esult loss allowances on trade receivables other previous year restated the items relate to financial instruments measured at amortized cost.  financial risks the operations and financing transactions of the rheinmetall group as an international group are exposed to financial market risks mainly from liquidity counterparty default electricity gas and commodity prices exchange rate volatility and interest rate changes.  in accordance with the groupwide ris k management system of rheinmetall ag such risks are not only identified analyzed and measured but also managed by taking actions to avoid contain or limit such risks.  inherent financial risks are actively managed to ensure that no significant risks ar ise from financial instruments as of the end of the reporting period

Score 0.458
trade receivables classified by group companies as available for sale must be measured at fair value through other comprehensive inco me.  other financial assets measured at amortized cost are discounted by applying rates that match their maturity on firsttime recognition and written down using the effective interest method.  as of the end of the reporting period the default risk of fina ncial assets is checked and if necessary an impairment recognized on the basis of expected losses.  for trade receivables the simplified method is used applying the customer credit rating and specific country risks

Score 0.457
operating expenses the denominator of operating expenditures is limited to certain expenses.  consequently the taxonomyrelevant transactions are also only a subset of this limited unit.  the denominator must inclu de direct noncapitalized expenses incurred for research and development building renovation measures shortterm leasing maintenance and repair and all other direct expenses from the maintenance of property plant and equipment to ensure operational re adiness.  here too we have used standardized reporting formats and thus include maintenance costs expenses for shortterm and lowvalue leases and noncapitalized expenses for research and development

Score 0.456
the sales for include million previous year million which resulted from the inclusion of a financing component.  the following contract balances result from contracts with customers contrac t balances resulting from contracts with customers million trade receivables contract assets contract liabilities trade receivables are recognized as soon as the goods and services ha ve been transferred to the customer and there is an unconditional legal entitlement to the corresponding consideration.  the credit term for contracts with customers is predominantly days.  letter to shareholders combin ed management report consolidated financial statement further information notes to the consolidated financial statements notes to the income state ment rheinmetall annual report contract assets exist for contracts with customers under which sa les are recognized over time and the performance rendered has not yet been billed

Score 0.456
increase in life expectancy by year by making defined benefit pension commitments the rheinmetall group is exposed to various risks.  as well as general actuarial risks arising from the measurement of pension obligations the plan assets harbor investment risks.  the investment strategy and composition of assets manag ed by pension funds are geared towards yield targets risk tolerance and shortterm and mediumterm liquidity requirements.  classification of the plan assets in properties shares funds corporate bonds other total the fair values of shares fund units fixedinterest securities and other investments are determined based on market prices in an active market

Score 0.456
other liabilities include liabilities to affiliated companies of million previous year million .  these originate almost exclusively from intragroup financing and central liquidity management.  the share of these liabilities in total assets declined from to .  letter to shareholders combined management report consolidated financial statement further information risks and opportunities risk management system rheinmetall annual re port risks and opportunities risk management system entrepreneurial behavior leverage opportunities reduce risks in light of rapid market changes increasing uncertainty the greater complexity of framework conditions that vary significantly from one country to the next and major technological progress business decisions are increasingly dependent on the ability to reliably evaluate potential risks

Score 0.455
the receivables mainly include trade receivables contract assets and prepayments made.  the liabilities mainly relate to trade payables and contract li abilities.  the scope of relatedparty transactions is shown in the table below.  transactions with related parties joint ventures associated companies million productsservices provided productsservices received receivables incl

Score 0.455
these ef fects at ig nyrt.  result mainly from the acquisition of vodafone hungary at the end of .  special items of million and ppa effects of million were recognized in the previous year.  these special items related primarily to writedowns due to the volatile capital market situation of the fund units held for trading strategic liquidity reserve a s well as subsequent income from the sale of land to a joint venture in

Score 0.455
it also has the responsibility for disclosing as appli cable matters related to going concern.  in addition it is responsible for financial reporting based on the going concern basis of accounting unless there is an intention to liquidate the group or to cease operations or there is no realistic alternative but to do so.  furthermore the executive board is responsible for the preparation of the combined management report that as a whole provides an appropriate view of the groups position and is in all material respects consistent with the consolidated fin ancial statements complies with german legal requirements and appropriately presents the opportunities and risks of future development.  in addition the executive board is responsible for such arrangements and measures systems as it has considered nece ssary to enable the preparation of a combined management report that is in accordance with the applicable german legal requirements and to be able to provide sufficient appropriate evidence for the assertions in the combined management report

Score 0.455
on this basis formal reporting takes place to the executive board and the heads of the divisions including in their capacities as heads of the relevant legal entities.  this risk reporting is based on bundled information o n risk types risk fields and the corresponding countermeasures and in contrast to ad hoc and operational risk management not explicitly on individual risks.  reporting from the various entities is concluded with the review of the risk portfolio by the ri sk managers and the subsequent release by the relevant cfo.  suitable preventive validation and corrective actions lower the probability of risks occurring or limit the extent of loss

Score 0.454
this applies for example to the acquisition and sale of shareholdings investment planning issuing bonds and taking out longterm loans.  the executive board informs the supervisory board regularly promptly and comprehensively regarding business performance financial position and results of operations planning and achievement of targets as well as regarding compliance issues strategy and the risk situation.  on the basis of these reports the supervisory board monitors the legality correctness appropriateness and economic efficiency of management by the executive board.  the chair of the supervisory board is informed immediately by the executive board of any important events or business developments that could have a significant influence on t he companys financial position results of operations and net assets

Score 0.454
the purchase c ommitment from firm capital expenditure contracts totals million previous year million.  the increase in the above obligations relates to the groups growth and the positive order trend.  additional information on financial instruments financial i nstruments according to the measurement categories of ifrs measurement category in accordance with ifrs million amortized cost fair valueoci fair valuepl no category total trade receivables cash a nd cash equivalents securities held for trade derivatives without hedge accounting derivatives with cash flow hedge other financial assets financial assets promissory notes commercial paper other financial debts trade liabilities derivatives without hedge accounting derivatives wi th cash flow hedge other financial liabilities financial liabilities letter to shareholders combined management report consolidated financial statement further information notes to the consolid ated financial statements other explanatory information rheinmetall annual report measurement category in accordance with ifrs million amortized cost fair valueoci fair val uepl no category total trade receivables cash and cash equivalents securities held for trade derivatives without hedge accounting derivatives with cash flow hedge other financial assets financial assets convertible bond promissory notes commercial paper other financial debts trade liabilities derivatives without hedge accounting derivatives with cash flow hedge other financial liabilities financial liabilities with trade receivables measured at amortized cost the carrying amount approximates the fair value.  the market value of financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value is determined on the basis of input factors observed directly or indirectly on the market level

Score 0.453
in cases where this is not possible derivative financial instruments are used.  this is the case for example for industrial metals and the energy sector.  the strategic management of market price risks is carried out at regular finan cial committee meetings in which the hedging decisions are made and documented.  regulatory or political interventions can impact the processing of international payment transactions

Score 0.453
moreover the executive board is responsible for the introduction and further development of adequate management control and monitoring processes includin g the risk management system internal control system internal auditing and compliance management system and the allocation of resources.  the divisions are equipped with all the necessary functions and report to the members of the executive board on curre nt business developments in regular targetsetting review and strategy meetings as part of the strategies targets and guidelines determined by the executive board of the group and discuss with them not only strategies and targets but also operational an d economic measures.  the respective management bodies of the subsidiaries are responsible for operational management of their units.  they are supported in their tasks by the service and support functions that have been set up within the management holding company

Score 0.453
the increase in the net defined benefit from plan assets is explained under note provisions for pensions and simila r obligations .  the contract acquisition costs are explained in note sales .  the subsidiesgrants receivable essentially relate to grants paid by public administrative bodies to subsidize the inhouse development of new te chnologies.  prepaid expenses particularly include advance payments for insurance and other services

Score 0.452
on initial recognition the liability component of the compound financial instrument is recognized at the fai r value of a similar bond without a conversion right.  the equity component is recognized in the amount of the difference between the fair value of the total compound financial instrument and the fair value of the liability component.  directly attributable transaction costs are allocated to the debt and equity components in the ratio of their carrying amounts on initial recognition.  letter to shareholders combined management report consolidated financial statement further information notes to the consolidated financial statements summary of accounting principles rheinmetall annual report the liability component is subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method

Score 0.452
in fiscal the scope of consolidation was expanded by three additions to joint operations in the form of newly founded entities.  with regard to the investments accounted for using the equity method one joint venture and one associate were founded.  two a ssociates left the scope of consolidation by way of the sale of shares.  further information can be found under note discontinued operations

Score 0.451
in addition there are assets in c onnection with the acquisition of contracts with customers which are as follows assets recognized from the costs to obtain a contract with a customer million as of addition writedown reversal adjustment in scope of consolidation currency differences as of the assets from contract acquisition see note other assets relate to contracts with customers in security technol ogy and essentially comprise commissions for agents and indirect offset costs.  offset costs are usually incurred for contracts with customers in which the customer wishes to support the local economy in order to offset an import business through an additio nal agreement.  indirect offset costs are costs that are incurred in addition to the manufacturingrelated costs.  the assets are recognized at the time the costs arise and are written down in line with the sales recognition over the time of contract fulfill ment

Score 0.451
sales from the real estate development sector are also recognized in the other companies .  the following table shows the timing of sales recognition broken down by segment.  disaggregation of sales by point in time and over time million at a point in time over time total at a point in time over time total vehicle systems weapon and ammunition electronic solutions sensors and actuators materials and trade otherconsolidation group continued operations the figures for the previous year have been restated to take into account the amended reporting structure due to the changes made to the group structure as of october .  customer contracts in security technology include the manufacture and supply of goods service contracts for service and maintenance activities and the provision of development services

Score 0.45
key tasks relating to the financial statements include central financing as well as support and service functions in finances hr corporate communications law and taxation.  results of operations rheinmet all ags results of operations reflect its function as a holding company.  the results of the subsidiaries and the expenses and income from central group financing determine the financial result.  in addition earnings before taxes are influenced by income f rom the provision of support and service functions and profit and loss from central currency management

Score 0.45
liabilities to banks of million previous year million are secured by land charges and similar rights.  the carrying amount of the secured assets is described under note proper ty plant and equipment .  commercial paper there are various commercial paper instruments with a nominal value of million in total that serve the groups general corporate financing as of the end of the reporting period.  the cash and noncash changes in financial debts are shown below

Score 0.449
contract assets dec.  liabilities incl.  contract liabilities dec.  receivables from finance leases dec

Score 0.448
investment planning nonfinancial undertakings must disclose material information on investment planning for each of their specified economic activities.  there is currently no clear interpretation of what the investment plan includes meaning that different interpretations exist with regard to the market.  as part of its investment plannin g rheinmetall considers all investments that are planned for current and future taxonomyaligned activities.  investments that serve to convert current taxonomyeligible business into future taxonomyaligned business are also considered

Score 0.448
the supervisory board is responsible for overseeing the process for preparing the esef documents as part of the finan cial reporting process.  group auditors responsibilities for the audit of the esef documents our objective is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the esef documents are free from material intentional or unintentional noncompliance with the requirements of section hgb.  we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.  we also identify and assess the risks of material intentional or unintentional noncompliance with the requirementsof section hgb design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks and obtain auditevidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion

Score 0.447
furthermore pension payments amounting to million were reimbursed by the cta.  payments for capital expenditure continuing operations increased from million in the previous year to million .  this is due in particular to the higher level of investment.  operating fre e cash flow from continuing operations defined as cash flow from operating activities less capital expenditure on intangible assets property plant and equipment and investment property accordingly improved from million to million

Score 0.447
the interest incurred in connection with the compound financial instrument is recognized through profit or loss.  inventories inventories are carried at cost usually using the weighted average.  inherent risks due to reduced utility or to obsolescence are adequately allowed for.  if the net realizable value of inventories is lower than their carrying amount as of the end of the reporting period they are written down to net realizable value

Score 0.447
the amendments to ias classification of liabilities as curren t or noncurrent specify the regulation on classifying liabilities as current or noncurrent in cases of uncertainty as to the settlement amount.  in particular they clarify that classification is aligned to the rights the company has at the end of the r eporting period.  the iasb has deferred the effective date to january .  the further amendments to ias noncurrent liabilities with covenants relate to classifications of liabilities as current or noncurrent for which certain covenants have b een agreed

Score 0.446
the interest expense and interest income from pensions are netted in net interest income.  employers and employees made total payments of million to plan assets previous year million.  million previous year million of this relates to the allocation to cta assets for pension obligations in germany.  key pension plans the sta tements below refer to the pension plans of group companies based in germany switzerland and the uk

Score 0.446
this risk reporting is based on bundled information o n risk types risk fields and the corresponding countermeasures and in contrast to ad hoc and operational risk management not explicitly on individual risks.  reporting from the various entities is concluded with the review of the risk portfolio by the ri sk managers and the subsequent release by the relevant cfo.  suitable preventive validation and corrective actions lower the probability of risks occurring or limit the extent of loss.  the risk management measures introduced are monitored on an ongoing bas is and where necessary adjusted in line with a new risk assessment

Score 0.446
it provides highquality information for group ma nagement clearly defines responsibilities for identifying and controlling risks ensures effective risk analysis control and monitoring thanks to clearly defined risk fields and types and closer dovetailing with other corporate governance systems.  it com prises the ad hoc operational and strategic risk management pillars and pursues the three lines of defence approach.  three lines of defence model the first line of defence lies with the management of the operating activities which is responsible f or recording assessing and managing the risks that arise there.  the second line of defence comprises the risk management the compliance management and the internal control system

Score 0.446
the new standard regulates the recognition measurement and disclosure of insurance contracts and replaces the previous regulations in ac cordance with ifrs insurance contracts.  the amendments to ifrs from june provide additional clarifications to ifrs and defer the date of initial application set by iasb from january to january .  the other amendments to i frs relate to the transition requirements for entities that will first apply ifrs and ifrs at the same time.  the amendments improve the requirements for the comparative information presented about financial assets at initial application

Score 0.445
the groups financial information is shown below .  significant noncontrolling interests million noncontrolling interests included in equity dec.  assets dec.  of which noncurrent of which inventories liabilities dec

Score 0.445
the increase in the above obligations relates to the groups growth and the positive order trend.  additional information on financial instruments financial i nstruments according to the measurement categories of ifrs measurement category in accordance with ifrs million amortized cost fair valueoci fair valuepl no category total trade receivables cash a nd cash equivalents securities held for trade derivatives without hedge accounting derivatives with cash flow hedge other financial assets financial assets promissory notes commercial paper other financial debts trade liabilities derivatives without hedge accounting derivatives wi th cash flow hedge other financial liabilities financial liabilities letter to shareholders combined management report consolidated financial statement further information notes to the consolid ated financial statements other explanatory information rheinmetall annual report measurement category in accordance with ifrs million amortized cost fair valueoci fair val uepl no category total trade receivables cash and cash equivalents securities held for trade derivatives without hedge accounting derivatives with cash flow hedge other financial assets financial assets convertible bond promissory notes commercial paper other financial debts trade liabilities derivatives without hedge accounting derivatives with cash flow hedge other financial liabilities financial liabilities with trade receivables measured at amortized cost the carrying amount approximates the fair value.  the market value of financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value is determined on the basis of input factors observed directly or indirectly on the market level .  the foreign exchange rates applicable at the end of the reporting period and the yield curves are key inputs in calculating the fair value of derivatives for currency hedges

Score 0.444
provisions for restructuring mainly relate to t ermination settlements and expenses for partial retirement obligations.  the provisions for contractrelated costs comprise offset obligations of million previous year million contractual penalties of million previous year million price review risks of million previous year million contractrelated commissions of million previous year million and other contr act costs of million previous year million .  miscellaneous provisions relate to environmen tal risks at million previous year million rebates and bonuses at million previous year million as well as other individual provisions.  financial debts classification of financial d ebts million of which current of which noncurrent of which current of which noncurrent convertible bond promissory note loans bank liabilities leasing commercial paper other convertible bond on january rheinmetall ag issued a convertible bond with a total nominal value of billion in two tranches of million

Score 0.443
approximately two thirds of contract liabilities included in the items at the beginning of the fiscal year were recognized as i ncome in fiscal .  contract liabilities increased by million to million previous year million .  in addition there are assets in c onnection with the acquisition of contracts with customers which are as follows assets recognized from the costs to obtain a contract with a customer million as of addition writedown reversal adjustment in scope of consolidation currency differences as of the assets from contract acquisition see note other assets relate to contracts with customers in security technol ogy and essentially comprise commissions for agents and indirect offset costs.  offset costs are usually incurred for contracts with customers in which the customer wishes to support the local economy in order to offset an import business through an additio nal agreement

Score 0.443
by contrast the capital requirements cover the redemption of financial liabilities principal and interest capital expenditure and the funds for the ongoing financing of operating activities.  share programs in fiscal the expense for sharebased payment for the rheinmetall group totaled million previous year million.  million previous year million of this is attributable to equitysettled commitments and million previous year million to cashsettled commitments.  as of december the carrying amount of rheinmetall groups liabilities recognized for sharebased payments was million previous year million and related entirely to cashsettled commitments