Scores_g_WHOLESALE AND RETAIL TRADE; REPAIR OF MOTOR VEHICLES AND MOTORCYCLESScore 0.584
.  finished goods and merchandise .  .  inventories

Score 0.583
of annex t o the delegated regulation on disclosure obligations and in compliance with ifrs accounting regulations see tables at the end of this nonfinancial statement.  the method of determination selected by continental ensures that double counting is avoided.  the described firsttime classification of all tire manufacturing activities as taxonomyeligible under category .  and the firsttime classification of all other economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles as taxonomyeligible under category

Score 0.571
alternative interpretations were also examined here but they were found to be unsuitable by continental particularly with regard to recital .  in addition various continental industrial businesses will continue to be reported as taxonomyeligible as they were in the previous year.  in the reporting year these primarily comprised the manufacture of components for wind turbines and th e manufacture of materials for industrial plant insulation.  continental still allocates these businesses to category

Score 0.564
as a result these regulations and notes are still open to interpretation.  from continentals perspective there is also uncertainty about the interaction between the various regulations delegated acts and official answers to frequently asked questions.  furthermore the short implementation period granted by the delegated act published in means that many questions of interpretation related to implementation have not yet been conclusively clarified.  in interpreting the regulation we also take into consideration the assessments of industry associations in the supplier and automotive industries the reporting practices of european suppliers for and unofficial assessments by various experts

Score 0.56
there are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimbursements to customers or similar obligations or from warranty commitments that include a service component.  description of revenue in other business activities revenue in other business activities is included in the sales of the automotive originalequipment business in the sales of the industrial and replacement business and in other revenues.  on the one hand services are provided and on the other project b usiness is conducted in which developments for customers are made goods produced or services provided over a mediumterm or longer period.  for this revenue there are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimb ursements to customers or similar obligations or from warranty commitments that include a service component

Score 0.559
finished goods and merchandise .  .  inventories .

Score 0.557
the customers do not usually make any significant advance payments.  revenue is recognized at the point in time when control is transferred to the customer taking into account the agreed incoterms.  there are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimbursements to customers or similar obligations or from warranty commitments that include a service component.  description of revenue in other business activities revenue in other business activities is included in the sales of the automotive originalequipment business in the sales of the industrial and replacement business and in other revenues

Score 0.554
the introduction of category .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components and category .  manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents coupled with the updated approach t o the activity of tire manufacturing resulted in the reclassification of various continental economic activities reported as taxonomyeligible in the reporting year compared with as well as a significant increase in sales capital expenditure and operating expenditure.  in the reporting year we allocated all economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles with the exception of tires but also extending beyond components for zerotailpipe emission vehicles to category

Score 0.553
revenue is almost always recognized over time using an outputbased measurement method and sales revenue is measured based on the pr oducts that leave the production plant as the products are produced and delivered just in time.  there are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimbursements to customers or similar obligations or from warr anty commitments that include a service component.  continental ag annual report consolidated financial statements notes to the consolidated financial statements description of sales revenue in industrial and replacement business the type of performance obligations to customers in industrial and replacement business relates to the replacementtire and retail bus iness of the tires segment the industrial and retail business of the contitech segment and the replacementparts and retail business of the automotive and contract manufacturing segments please refer to the information provided on the group sectors in t he structure of the continental group section of the consolidated management report.  invoices are generally prepared once a month while the payment terms for most of the sales average days and differ mostly depending on the region andor product group

Score 0.55
the customers do not usually make any significant advance payments.  revenue is almost always recognized over time using an outputbased measurement method and sales revenue is measured based on the pr oducts that leave the production plant as the products are produced and delivered just in time.  there are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimbursements to customers or similar obligations or from warr anty commitments that include a service component.  continental ag annual report consolidated financial statements notes to the consolidated financial statements description of sales revenue in industrial and replacement business the type of performance obligations to customers in industrial and replacement business relates to the replacementtire and retail bus iness of the tires segment the industrial and retail business of the contitech segment and the replacementparts and retail business of the automotive and contract manufacturing segments please refer to the information provided on the group sectors in t he structure of the continental group section of the consolidated management report

Score 0.546
for every performance obligation that in accordance with ifrs is distinct within the context of the contract the revenue recognition is determined to be at a point in time or to be satisfied over time.  multicomponent contracts that contain distinct performance obligations with different timing of revenue recognition are not currently material.  description of sales revenue in automotive originalequipment business the type of performance obligations to customers in automotive originalequipment business relates to the diverse and predominantly customerspecific products of the automotive contract manufacturing and contitech segments and the originalequipment business of the tires segment please r efer to the information provided on the group sectors in the structure of the continental group section of the consolidated management report.  invoices are generally prepared once a month while the payment terms average days and differ mostly dependin g on the region andor product group

Score 0.543
this is mainly because unclear wording cont inues to be used in the regulations and notes on determining taxonomy eligibility and in particular taxonomy alignment as well as the calculations for key performance indicators for turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure as they pertain t o the economic activities relevant for continental.  as a result these regulations and notes are still open to interpretation.  from continentals perspective there is also uncertainty about the interaction between the various regulations delegated acts and official answers to frequently asked questions.  furthermore the short implementation period granted by the delegated act published in means that many questions of interpretation related to implementation have not yet been conclusively clarified

Score 0.542
continental still allocates these businesses to category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies since the economic activities pursue substantial reductions and therefore make signif icant contributions to the expansion of renewable energies and energy saving for example through insulation in industrial plants.  for these classifications as well continental believes it is irrelevant which functions are fulfilled by the supplier techno logies in the end products as long as the end product facilitates the goals set out in art.  of the taxonomy regulation

Score 0.54
the applicable requirements contain wording and terms that are subject to considerable interpretation uncertainties and for which authoritative comprehensive interpretations have not yet been published.  acco rdingly the executive directors have disclosed their interpretations of such wording and terms in the information in accordance with t he eu taxonomy regulation section of the nonfinancial statement.  the executive directors are responsible for the defe nsibility of these interpretations.  as such wording and terms may be interpreted differently by regulators or courts the legal conformity of these interpretations is uncertain

Score 0.539
for these classifications as well continental believes it is irrelevant which functions are fulfilled by the supplier techno logies in the end products as long as the end product facilitates the goals set out in art.  of the taxonomy regulation .  the activities mentioned are not identified as taxonomyeligible under annex ii to the climate delegated act climate change adaptation.  all other economic activities of the continental group that are not included in the aforementioned economic activities have been classified as taxonomynoneligible for the reporting year

Score 0.539
revenue is recognized at the point in time when control is transferred to the customer taking into account the agreed incoterms.  there are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimbursements to customers or similar obligations or from warranty commitments that include a service component.  description of revenue in other business activities revenue in other business activities is included in the sales of the automotive originalequipment business in the sales of the industrial and replacement business and in other revenues.  on the one hand services are provided and on the other project b usiness is conducted in which developments for customers are made goods produced or services provided over a mediumterm or longer period

Score 0.538
manufacture of automotive and mobility components and category .  manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents coupled with the updated approach t o the activity of tire manufacturing resulted in the reclassification of various continental economic activities reported as taxonomyeligible in the reporting year compared with as well as a significant increase in sales capital expenditure and operating expenditure.  in the reporting year we allocated all economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles with the exception of tires but also extending beyond components for zerotailpipe emission vehicles to category .

Score 0.535
.  alternative interpretations were also examined here but they were found to be unsuitable by continental particularly with regard to recital .  in addition various continental industrial businesses will continue to be reported as taxonomyeligible as they were in the previous year.  in the reporting year these primarily comprised the manufacture of components for wind turbines and th e manufacture of materials for industrial plant insulation

Score 0.534
.  items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss currency translation .  .  effects from currency translation

Score 0.534
manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents coupled with the updated approach t o the activity of tire manufacturing resulted in the reclassification of various continental economic activities reported as taxonomyeligible in the reporting year compared with as well as a significant increase in sales capital expenditure and operating expenditure.  in the reporting year we allocated all economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles with the exception of tires but also extending beyond components for zerotailpipe emission vehicles to category . .  continental is of the opinion that the manufacture of all components irrespective of the drive system is taxonomyeligible for all vehicles belonging to the vehicle classes listed in the category

Score 0.532
in the segment information broken down by country and region sales are allocated on the basis of the domicile of the respective customers in contrast capital expenditure and segment assets are allocated on the basis of the domicile of the respective companies.  viewed across all segments continental recorded sales totaling .  million py .  million with a group of companies under common control in the year un der review

Score 0.532
.  of annex t o the delegated regulation on disclosure obligations and in compliance with ifrs accounting regulations see tables at the end of this nonfinancial statement.  the method of determination selected by continental ensures that double counting is avoided.  the described firsttime classification of all tire manufacturing activities as taxonomyeligible under category

Score 0.53
furthermore the activity designation does not entail any restrictions on components for example in relation to function or drive system.  in contras t to the previous year in the reporting year all activities involved in tire manufacturing were classified as taxonomyeligible under category . .  in recital of delegated regulation amending delegated regulation the commission made it clear that tire manufacturing has the potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the transport sector and can contribute to a more circular economy

Score 0.53
no significant discounts on the invoice amount are granted however customer bonuses and other price reductions are included in the transaction price a s variable price components in line with expectations.  the customers do not usually make any significant advance payments.  revenue is almost always recognized over time using an outputbased measurement method and sales revenue is measured based on the pr oducts that leave the production plant as the products are produced and delivered just in time.  there are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimbursements to customers or similar obligations or from warr anty commitments that include a service component

Score 0.529
there are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimbursements to customers or similar obligations or from warr anty commitments that include a service component.  continental ag annual report consolidated financial statements notes to the consolidated financial statements description of sales revenue in industrial and replacement business the type of performance obligations to customers in industrial and replacement business relates to the replacementtire and retail bus iness of the tires segment the industrial and retail business of the contitech segment and the replacementparts and retail business of the automotive and contract manufacturing segments please refer to the information provided on the group sectors in t he structure of the continental group section of the consolidated management report.  invoices are generally prepared once a month while the payment terms for most of the sales average days and differ mostly depending on the region andor product group.  payments are made by bank transfer in the vast majority of cases with the exception of business with end customers and consumers who often pay in cash or by card

Score 0.529
description of sales revenue in automotive originalequipment business the type of performance obligations to customers in automotive originalequipment business relates to the diverse and predominantly customerspecific products of the automotive contract manufacturing and contitech segments and the originalequipment business of the tires segment please r efer to the information provided on the group sectors in the structure of the continental group section of the consolidated management report.  invoices are generally prepared once a month while the payment terms average days and differ mostly dependin g on the region andor product group.  payments are made by bank transfer in the vast majority of cases.  no significant discounts on the invoice amount are granted however customer bonuses and other price reductions are included in the transaction price a s variable price components in line with expectations

Score 0.528
otherwise the allocation would be performed using the adjusted market assessment approach or the approach of cost plus a margin.  for every performance obligation that in accordance with ifrs is distinct within the context of the contract the revenue recognition is determined to be at a point in time or to be satisfied over time.  multicomponent contracts that contain distinct performance obligations with different timing of revenue recognition are not currently material.  description of sales revenue in automotive originalequipment business the type of performance obligations to customers in automotive originalequipment business relates to the diverse and predominantly customerspecific products of the automotive contract manufacturing and contitech segments and the originalequipment business of the tires segment please r efer to the information provided on the group sectors in the structure of the continental group section of the consolidated management report

Score 0.527
the described firsttime classification of all tire manufacturing activities as taxonomyeligible under category .  and the firsttime classification of all other economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles as taxonomyeligible under category .  resulted in a significant increase in taxonomyeligible turnover in the reporting year.  added to this was the firsttime classification of other economic activities involved in th e manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents as taxonomyeligible under category

Score 0.526
this business was therefore classified under category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies of the delegated regulation for climate change mitigation eu annex i in the previous year since at the time no general regulations or specific upstream economic activities were provided for.  the introduction of category .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components and category

Score 0.526
depreciation and amortization include the scheduled diminution of and the impairment on intangible assets property plant and equipment capitalized rightofuse assets and investment properties as well as the impairment on goodwill.  this figure does not include impairment on financial investments.  noncash expensesincome mainly include additions to and reversals of pension and warranty provisions as well as provisions for litigation and environmental risks.  in the segment information broken down by country and region sales are allocated on the basis of the domicile of the respective customers in contrast capital expenditure and segment assets are allocated on the basis of the domicile of the respective companies

Score 0.525
.  .  transactions with related parties other than subsidiaries were conducted on an armslength basis.  ordinary business activities comprise the purchase or sale of goods and other assets as well as rendered or received services

Score 0.522
this figure does not include impairment on financial investments.  noncash expensesincome mainly include additions to and reversals of pension and warranty provisions as well as provisions for litigation and environmental risks.  in the segment information broken down by country and region sales are allocated on the basis of the domicile of the respective customers in contrast capital expenditure and segment assets are allocated on the basis of the domicile of the respective companies.  viewed across all segments continental recorded sales totaling

Score 0.519
.  in addition various continental industrial businesses were reported as taxonomyeligible under category .  as they were in the previous year.  a total sum of

Score 0.517
million.  the changes result mainly from specific individual cases within the automotive and contitech segments.  the other provisions also include provisions for risks from operations such as those in connection with compensation from customer and supplie r claims that are not warranties.  they also include provisions for dismantling and tirerecycling obligations and provisions for possible interest payments and penalties on income tax liabilities

Score 0.516
the breakdown of taxonomyeligible operating expenditure by category is shown in the table on page .  when determining the taxonomyeligible capital expenditure and operating expenditure for reasons of materiality the decision was made to forgo separate reporting of investments in individual measures and the acquisition of products from taxon omyeligible economic activities under category c as well as reporting of the resulting operating expenditure in the reporting year.  continental notes that from its perspective various interpretations with respect to the requirements concerning capital expenditure and operating expenditure particularly for category c and for operating expenditure more generally continue to result in uncertainty when determining taxonomyrelated information.  taxonomyaligned economic activities as in the previous year continental did not report any economic activities as being taxonomyaligned

Score 0.515
in the reporting year we allocated all economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles with the exception of tires but also extending beyond components for zerotailpipe emission vehicles to category . .  continental is of the opinion that the manufacture of all components irrespective of the drive system is taxonomyeligible for all vehicles belonging to the vehicle classes listed in the category.  this class ification is based on the fact that from continentals perspective the activity designation does not entail any restrictions in terms of components for example in relation to function or drive system and the corresponding components parts and systems are intended for use in road vehicles

Score 0.514
items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss currency translation .  .  effects from currency translation .

Score 0.511
in addition various continental industrial businesses were reported as taxonomyeligible under category .  as they were in the previous year.  a total sum of .  billion was reported as taxonomyeligible turnover in the reporting year py

Score 0.511
salesthe following tables show the breakdown of sales in accordance with ifrs revenue from contracts with customers into main geographical markets segments customer groups and product types sales from january to december millions automotive tires contitech contract manufacturing other holding consolidation continental group germany .  .  .

Score 0.51
the method of determination selected by continental ensures that double counting is avoided.  the described firsttime classification of all tire manufacturing activities as taxonomyeligible under category .  and the firsttime classification of all other economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles as taxonomyeligible under category .  resulted in a significant increase in taxonomyeligible turnover in the reporting year

Score 0.51
resulted in a significant increase in taxonomyeligible turnover in the reporting year.  added to this was the firsttime classification of other economic activities involved in th e manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents as taxonomyeligible under category . .  in addition various continental industrial businesses were reported as taxonomyeligible under category

Score 0.51
added to this was the firsttime classification of other economic activities involved in th e manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents as taxonomyeligible under category . .  in addition various continental industrial businesses were reported as taxonomyeligible under category .  as they were in the previous year

Score 0.509
in contras t to the previous year in the reporting year all activities involved in tire manufacturing were classified as taxonomyeligible under category . .  in recital of delegated regulation amending delegated regulation the commission made it clear that tire manufacturing has the potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the transport sector and can contribute to a more circular economy.  until specific technical assessment criteria are defined for this activity tire manufacturing shall remain a taxonomyeligible activity under category

Score 0.508
in addition various continental industrial businesses will continue to be reported as taxonomyeligible as they were in the previous year.  in the reporting year these primarily comprised the manufacture of components for wind turbines and th e manufacture of materials for industrial plant insulation.  continental still allocates these businesses to category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies since the economic activities pursue substantial reductions and therefore make signif icant contributions to the expansion of renewable energies and energy saving for example through insulation in industrial plants

Score 0.507
under the existing saleofreceivables programs the contractual rights to the receipt of payment inflows have been assigned to the corresponding contractual parties.  the transferred receivables have short remaini ng terms.  as a rule therefore the carrying amounts as at the reporting date in the amount of .  million py

Score 0.506
.  inventories .  .  trade accounts receivable

Score 0.505
no significant discounts on the invoice amount are granted however customer bonuses and other price reductions are included in the transaction price as variable price components in line with expectations.  the customers do not usually make any significant advance payments.  revenue is recognized at the point in time when control is transferred to the customer taking into account the agreed incoterms.  there are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimbursements to customers or similar obligations or from warranty commitments that include a service component

Score 0.504
income tax payables .  .  shortterm provisions for other risks and obligations .

Score 0.503
it is continentals opinion that this clarification for the purposes of taxonomy eligibility refers to the manufacture of tires of all kinds wi thout any restrictions in terms of specific properties label classes or drive system technologies.  based on this clarification continental has amended its approach compared with the previous year and now allocates the manufacture of tires of all kinds w ithout any restrictions in terms of specific properties label classes or drive system technologies to category . .  alternative interpretations were also examined here but they were found to be unsuitable by continental particularly with regard to recital

Score 0.501
furthermore the eu commission made it explicit in recital of delegated regulation amending delegated regulation that the activity of tire manufacturing because of its potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the t ransport sector is a taxonomyeligible activity that is currently to be allocated to category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies.  while the amendments to the climate delegated act do clear up some existing ambiguities in terms of how the regulation is to be interpreted when it comes to the taxonomy eligibility of continentals economic activities reporting pursuant to the eu taxonomy regulation remains fraught with uncertainty for continental.  this is mainly because unclear wording cont inues to be used in the regulations and notes on determining taxonomy eligibility and in particular taxonomy alignment as well as the calculations for key performance indicators for turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure as they pertain t o the economic activities relevant for continental

Score 0.501
noncash expensesincome mainly include additions to and reversals of pension and warranty provisions as well as provisions for litigation and environmental risks.  in the segment information broken down by country and region sales are allocated on the basis of the domicile of the respective customers in contrast capital expenditure and segment assets are allocated on the basis of the domicile of the respective companies.  viewed across all segments continental recorded sales totaling .  million py

Score 0.5
continental did not have the corresponding lifecycle assessments at its disposal in the reporting year meaning it is currently not possible to allocate taxonomyaligned econo mic activities.  for this reason the do no significant harm dnsh criteria and the minimum protection requirements along the value chain were not assessed according to specific economic activities.  it was not yet mandatory in the reporting year to repor t taxonomyaligned economic activities if the economic activities are reported according to the categories .  and

Score 0.499
.  continental did not have the corresponding lifecycle assessments at its disposal in the reporting year meaning it is currently not possible to allocate taxonomyaligned econo mic activities.  for this reason the do no significant harm dnsh criteria and the minimum protection requirements along the value chain were not assessed according to specific economic activities.  it was not yet mandatory in the reporting year to repor t taxonomyaligned economic activities if the economic activities are reported according to the categories

Score 0.499
when determining the taxonomyeligible capital expenditure and operating expenditure for reasons of materiality the decision was made to forgo separate reporting of investments in individual measures and the acquisition of products from taxon omyeligible economic activities under category c as well as reporting of the resulting operating expenditure in the reporting year.  continental notes that from its perspective various interpretations with respect to the requirements concerning capital expenditure and operating expenditure particularly for category c and for operating expenditure more generally continue to result in uncertainty when determining taxonomyrelated information.  taxonomyaligned economic activities as in the previous year continental did not report any economic activities as being taxonomyaligned.  for all economic activities that are reported under category

Score 0.499
manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies.  while the amendments to the climate delegated act do clear up some existing ambiguities in terms of how the regulation is to be interpreted when it comes to the taxonomy eligibility of continentals economic activities reporting pursuant to the eu taxonomy regulation remains fraught with uncertainty for continental.  this is mainly because unclear wording cont inues to be used in the regulations and notes on determining taxonomy eligibility and in particular taxonomy alignment as well as the calculations for key performance indicators for turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure as they pertain t o the economic activities relevant for continental.  as a result these regulations and notes are still open to interpretation

Score 0.498
based on this clarification continental has amended its approach compared with the previous year and now allocates the manufacture of tires of all kinds w ithout any restrictions in terms of specific properties label classes or drive system technologies to category . .  alternative interpretations were also examined here but they were found to be unsuitable by continental particularly with regard to recital .  in addition various continental industrial businesses will continue to be reported as taxonomyeligible as they were in the previous year

Score 0.498
multicomponent contracts that contain distinct performance obligations with different timing of revenue recognition are not currently material.  description of sales revenue in automotive originalequipment business the type of performance obligations to customers in automotive originalequipment business relates to the diverse and predominantly customerspecific products of the automotive contract manufacturing and contitech segments and the originalequipment business of the tires segment please r efer to the information provided on the group sectors in the structure of the continental group section of the consolidated management report.  invoices are generally prepared once a month while the payment terms average days and differ mostly dependin g on the region andor product group.  payments are made by bank transfer in the vast majority of cases

Score 0.498
continental notes that from its perspective various interpretations with respect to the requirements concerning capital expenditure and operating expenditure particularly for category c and for operating expenditure more generally continue to result in uncertainty when determining taxonomyrelated information.  taxonomyaligned economic activities as in the previous year continental did not report any economic activities as being taxonomyaligned.  for all economic activities that are reported under category .  specific comparative lifecycle assessments are required in order to also report these as being t axonomyaligned

Score 0.498
on top of this continenta l has anchored further prevention measures in its own business units and with respect to direct suppliers.  within the rvcdds our code of conduct defines the fundamental requirements for our employees while the business partner code of conduct defines the fundamen tal requirements among others for our suppliers as well as their suppliers with regard to human rights working conditions environmental protection conflict minerals and anticorruption.  the business partner code of conduct is updated regularly most r ecently in fiscal to reflect changes or adjustments to relevant legislation.  for suppliers of natural rubber our sourcing policy for sustainable natural rubber additionally applies

Score 0.497
.  income tax payables .  .  shortterm provisions for other risks and obligations

Score 0.497
this business model does occur for example in connection with notes receivable but is fundamentally of subordinate importance in the continental group.  other this business model constitutes a catchall category.  this model occurs in the continental group in connection with recognized trade accounts receivable from third parties which will probably be sold under a true saleofreceivables factoring agreement however it is fundamenta lly of subordinate importance in the continental group.  in addition to the analysis of the business model the contractual terms applicable on acquisition of the financial instrument must also be assessed sppi solely payments of principal and interest criterion

Score 0.495
as of january these comprise a total of business areas.  a grou p sector or business area with overall responsibility for a business including its results is classified according to product requirements market trends customer groups and distribution channels.  business responsibility overall responsibility for managing the company is borne by the executive board of continental aktiengesellschaft ag.  the automotive tires and contitech group sectors are each represented on the executive board

Score 0.495
the figures for taxonomyeligible capital expenditure and operating expenditure under category a are allocations based on the p roportion of taxonomyeligible turnover.  for reasons connected to the business model the equipment machinery and buildings of the continental group are thus used both for taxonomyeligible activities and for other activities.  this applies both to capital expenditure and operating expenditure for assets or processes associated with taxonomyeligible activities category a.  the allocation takes place at group sector level and not according to the individual locations in order to avoid double counting ta ke into account internal business and consolidation effects and reflect the continental groups matrix structure

Score 0.494
please see note for information on the default risks in relation to trade accounts receivable.  the continental group uses several programs for the sale of receivables.  when the risks and rewards of receivables in particular credit and default risks have mostly not been transferred the receivables are still recognized as asset s in the statement of financial position.  under the existing saleofreceivables programs the contractual rights to the receipt of payment inflows have been assigned to the corresponding contractual parties

Score 0.494
and the firsttime classification of all other economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles as taxonomyeligible under category .  resulted in a significant increase in taxonomyeligible turnover in the reporting year.  added to this was the firsttime classification of other economic activities involved in th e manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents as taxonomyeligible under category .

Score 0.494
in the reporting year these primarily comprised the manufacture of components for wind turbines and th e manufacture of materials for industrial plant insulation.  continental still allocates these businesses to category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies since the economic activities pursue substantial reductions and therefore make signif icant contributions to the expansion of renewable energies and energy saving for example through insulation in industrial plants.  for these classifications as well continental believes it is irrelevant which functions are fulfilled by the supplier techno logies in the end products as long as the end product facilitates the goals set out in art

Score 0.494
provisions are recognized for possible warranty claims on sold products on the basis of past experience as well as legal and contractual terms.  additional provisions are recognized for specific known cases.  financial result and investment income interest income and expenses are recognized for the period to which they relate.  dividends are recognized in profit or loss if legal entitlement to payment of the dividend is established the economic benefit associated with the dividend is likely to be received and the dividend amount can be measured reliably

Score 0.493
description of revenue in other business activities revenue in other business activities is included in the sales of the automotive originalequipment business in the sales of the industrial and replacement business and in other revenues.  on the one hand services are provided and on the other project b usiness is conducted in which developments for customers are made goods produced or services provided over a mediumterm or longer period.  for this revenue there are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimb ursements to customers or similar obligations or from warranty commitments that include a service component.  the largest component of this revenue relates to revenue from research and development which is recognized at a point in time either when the entire development is completed or when identifiable milestones within a development are reached

Score 0.493
inventory risks resulting from decreased marketability or excessive storage periods are accounted for with writedowns.  other assets other assets are recognized at amortized cost.  allowances are recognized as appropriate to reflect any possible risk related to recoverability.  accounting for income taxes income taxes are measured using the concept of the statement of financial positio n liability method in accordance with ias income taxes

Score 0.492
when the risks and rewards of receivables in particular credit and default risks have mostly not been transferred the receivables are still recognized as asset s in the statement of financial position.  under the existing saleofreceivables programs the contractual rights to the receipt of payment inflows have been assigned to the corresponding contractual parties.  the transferred receivables have short remaini ng terms.  as a rule therefore the carrying amounts as at the reporting date in the amount of

Score 0.492
.  continental is of the opinion that the manufacture of all components irrespective of the drive system is taxonomyeligible for all vehicles belonging to the vehicle classes listed in the category.  this class ification is based on the fact that from continentals perspective the activity designation does not entail any restrictions in terms of components for example in relation to function or drive system and the corresponding components parts and systems are intended for use in road vehicles.  the unclearly defined qualification characteristic criterion of activity

Score 0.491
.  the breakdown of taxonomyeligible operating expenditure by category is shown in the table on page .  when determining the taxonomyeligible capital expenditure and operating expenditure for reasons of materiality the decision was made to forgo separate reporting of investments in individual measures and the acquisition of products from taxon omyeligible economic activities under category c as well as reporting of the resulting operating expenditure in the reporting year.  continental notes that from its perspective various interpretations with respect to the requirements concerning capital expenditure and operating expenditure particularly for category c and for operating expenditure more generally continue to result in uncertainty when determining taxonomyrelated information

Score 0.49
other this business model constitutes a catchall category.  this model occurs in the continental group in connection with recognized trade accounts receivable from third parties which will probably be sold under a true saleofreceivables factoring agreement however it is fundamenta lly of subordinate importance in the continental group.  in addition to the analysis of the business model the contractual terms applicable on acquisition of the financial instrument must also be assessed sppi solely payments of principal and interest criterion.  the sppi criterion is met when the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding

Score 0.489
inventories .  .  trade accounts receivable .

Score 0.486
the amendments specify the requirements that a sellerlessee should apply when measuring the lease liability arising from a sale and leaseback transaction to ensure that the sellerlessee does not recognize a gain or loss from the right of use retained.  the amendments are required to be applied for annual periods beginning on or after january .  the amendments are not expected to have any significant effect on the future consolidated financial statements of continental ag.  the following standards interpretations issued in relation to published standards and amendments have not yet been adopted by the eu and will become effective at a later date the amendments to ias statement of cash flows and ifrs financial instruments disclos ures supplier finance arrangements require an entity to provide additional disclosures about its supplier finance arrangements that enable users of financial statements to assess the effects of those arrangements on the entitys liabilities and cash fl ows and on the entitys exposure to liquidity risk

Score 0.485
manufacture of rail rolling stock constit uents.  furthermore the eu commission made it explicit in recital of delegated regulation amending delegated regulation that the activity of tire manufacturing because of its potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the t ransport sector is a taxonomyeligible activity that is currently to be allocated to category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies.  while the amendments to the climate delegated act do clear up some existing ambiguities in terms of how the regulation is to be interpreted when it comes to the taxonomy eligibility of continentals economic activities reporting pursuant to the eu taxonomy regulation remains fraught with uncertainty for continental

Score 0.485
manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies of the delegated regulation for climate change mitigation eu annex i in the previous year since at the time no general regulations or specific upstream economic activities were provided for.  the introduction of category .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components and category .  manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents coupled with the updated approach t o the activity of tire manufacturing resulted in the reclassification of various continental economic activities reported as taxonomyeligible in the reporting year compared with as well as a significant increase in sales capital expenditure and operating expenditure

Score 0.484
this affects among others the two economic activities of category .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components and category .  manufacture of rail rolling stock constit uents.  furthermore the eu commission made it explicit in recital of delegated regulation amending delegated regulation that the activity of tire manufacturing because of its potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the t ransport sector is a taxonomyeligible activity that is currently to be allocated to category

Score 0.484
the continental group uses several programs for the sale of receivables.  when the risks and rewards of receivables in particular credit and default risks have mostly not been transferred the receivables are still recognized as asset s in the statement of financial position.  under the existing saleofreceivables programs the contractual rights to the receipt of payment inflows have been assigned to the corresponding contractual parties.  the transferred receivables have short remaini ng terms

Score 0.484
a grou p sector or business area with overall responsibility for a business including its results is classified according to product requirements market trends customer groups and distribution channels.  business responsibility overall responsibility for managing the company is borne by the executive board of continental aktiengesellschaft ag.  the automotive tires and contitech group sectors are each represented on the executive board.  the group functions of continental ag ar e represented by the chairman of the executive board the chief financial officer the executive board member responsible for human relations and the executive board member responsible for integrity and law and assume the functions required to manage th e continental group across the group sectors

Score 0.484
in june the environmental delegated act under eu taxonomy regulation was published containing the activities and technical assessment criteria for the four remaining environmental objectives.  the six environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy are climate change mitigation climate change adaptation sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems publication of the environmental delegated act under eu taxonomy regulation was accompanied by the introduction of amendments to the climate delegated act comprising changes to the existing activities for the two climate objectives as well the inclusion of new economic activities for the two climate objectives.  this affects among others the two economic activities of category .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components and category

Score 0.484
in recital of delegated regulation amending delegated regulation the commission made it clear that tire manufacturing has the potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the transport sector and can contribute to a more circular economy.  until specific technical assessment criteria are defined for this activity tire manufacturing shall remain a taxonomyeligible activity under category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies.  it is continentals opinion that this clarification for the purposes of taxonomy eligibility refers to the manufacture of tires of all kinds wi thout any restrictions in terms of specific properties label classes or drive system technologies

Score 0.482
intersegment sales and other proceeds are determined at arms length prices.  for administrative services performed by centrally operated companies or by the continental groups management costs are calculated on an arms length basis in l ine with utilization.  where direct allocation is not possible costs are assigned according to the services performed.  the segment assets comprise the operating assets of the assets side of the statement of financial position as at the end of the reporting period

Score 0.482
trade accounts payable .  .  shortterm other provisions and liabilities .

Score 0.482
.  .  .  liabilities for selling expenses relate in particular to obligations from bonus agreements with customers and deferred price reductions granted

Score 0.482
the changes result mainly from specific individual cases within the automotive and contitech segments.  the other provisions also include provisions for risks from operations such as those in connection with compensation from customer and supplie r claims that are not warranties.  they also include provisions for dismantling and tirerecycling obligations and provisions for possible interest payments and penalties on income tax liabilities.  in the other provisions contingencies amounting to a hig h eightfigure sum have been set aside to cover fines imposed based on the proceedings conducted by the public prosecutors office in hanover in connection with illegal defeat devices in diesel engines

Score 0.481
continental ag annual report consolidated financial statements notes to the consolidated financial statements description of sales revenue in industrial and replacement business the type of performance obligations to customers in industrial and replacement business relates to the replacementtire and retail bus iness of the tires segment the industrial and retail business of the contitech segment and the replacementparts and retail business of the automotive and contract manufacturing segments please refer to the information provided on the group sectors in t he structure of the continental group section of the consolidated management report.  invoices are generally prepared once a month while the payment terms for most of the sales average days and differ mostly depending on the region andor product group.  payments are made by bank transfer in the vast majority of cases with the exception of business with end customers and consumers who often pay in cash or by card.  no significant discounts on the invoice amount are granted however customer bonuses and other price reductions are included in the transaction price as variable price components in line with expectations

Score 0.481
.  cost of sales .  .  gross margin on sales

Score 0.481
.  changes in inventories .  .  trade accounts receivable

Score 0.481
.  effects from currency translation .  .  reclassification adjustments to profit or loss

Score 0.48
mainly includes loss allowances on accounts receivable writedowns on inventories a s well as debt waivers from the sale of all russian operations in the tires group sector and some operations in the contitech group sector in russia.  continental ag annual report management report economic report reconciliation of sales to adjusted sales and of ebitda to adjusted operating result adjusted ebit in millions automotive tires contitech contract manufacturing other holding consolidation continental group sales .  .

Score 0.48
this classification is based in particular on the fact that from continentals perspective the reference to activity .  does not impose any restrictions on components in relation to the function or drive system of rail vehicles for which the components are manufactured pr ovided that the components and systems are necessary for the operation and functioning of rail vehicles.  furthermore the activity designation does not entail any restrictions on components for example in relation to function or drive system.  in contras t to the previous year in the reporting year all activities involved in tire manufacturing were classified as taxonomyeligible under category

Score 0.479
specific information on the implementation of disclosure requirements in accordance with the eu taxonomy regulation since january companies in the real economy have had to provide information on taxonomy eligibility and taxonomy alignment with regard to the two climate objectives of the climate delegated act under eu taxonomy regulation .  in june the environmental delegated act under eu taxonomy regulation was published containing the activities and technical assessment criteria for the four remaining environmental objectives.  the six environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy are climate change mitigation climate change adaptation sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems publication of the environmental delegated act under eu taxonomy regulation was accompanied by the introduction of amendments to the climate delegated act comprising changes to the existing activities for the two climate objectives as well the inclusion of new economic activities for the two climate objectives.  this affects among others the two economic activities of category

Score 0.478
manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies since the economic activities pursue substantial reductions and therefore make signif icant contributions to the expansion of renewable energies and energy saving for example through insulation in industrial plants.  for these classifications as well continental believes it is irrelevant which functions are fulfilled by the supplier techno logies in the end products as long as the end product facilitates the goals set out in art.  of the taxonomy regulation .  the activities mentioned are not identified as taxonomyeligible under annex ii to the climate delegated act climate change adaptation

Score 0.478
internal control and reporting within the continental group are based on international financial reporting standards ifrs as described in note .  the continental group measures the performance of its segments o n the basis of their adjusted operating result adjusted ebit.  their performance is expressed as the return on sales adjusted ebit divided by adjusted sales and as the return on capital employed roce which represents ebit as a percentage of average operating assets.  intersegment sales and other proceeds are determined at arms length prices

Score 0.478
manufacture of automotive and mobility components and category .  manufacture of rail rolling stock constit uents.  furthermore the eu commission made it explicit in recital of delegated regulation amending delegated regulation that the activity of tire manufacturing because of its potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the t ransport sector is a taxonomyeligible activity that is currently to be allocated to category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies

Score 0.477
cost of sales .  .  gross margin on sales .

Score 0.477
intercompany sales .  .  .

Score 0.476
compensation to customers and suppliers .  .  expenses from other taxes .

Score 0.474
.  other .  joint ventures ordinary business activities .