Scores_c_MANUFACTURINGScore 0.674
manufacture of automotive and mobility components and category .  manufacture of rail rolling stock constit uents.  furthermore the eu commission made it explicit in recital of delegated regulation amending delegated regulation that the activity of tire manufacturing because of its potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the t ransport sector is a taxonomyeligible activity that is currently to be allocated to category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies

Score 0.649
manufacture of automotive and mobility components and category .  manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents coupled with the updated approach t o the activity of tire manufacturing resulted in the reclassification of various continental economic activities reported as taxonomyeligible in the reporting year compared with as well as a significant increase in sales capital expenditure and operating expenditure.  in the reporting year we allocated all economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles with the exception of tires but also extending beyond components for zerotailpipe emission vehicles to category .

Score 0.646
the introduction of category .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components and category .  manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents coupled with the updated approach t o the activity of tire manufacturing resulted in the reclassification of various continental economic activities reported as taxonomyeligible in the reporting year compared with as well as a significant increase in sales capital expenditure and operating expenditure.  in the reporting year we allocated all economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles with the exception of tires but also extending beyond components for zerotailpipe emission vehicles to category

Score 0.616
this business was therefore classified under category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies of the delegated regulation for climate change mitigation eu annex i in the previous year since at the time no general regulations or specific upstream economic activities were provided for.  the introduction of category .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components and category

Score 0.614
furthermore the activity designation does not entail any restrictions on components for example in relation to function or drive system.  in contras t to the previous year in the reporting year all activities involved in tire manufacturing were classified as taxonomyeligible under category . .  in recital of delegated regulation amending delegated regulation the commission made it clear that tire manufacturing has the potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the transport sector and can contribute to a more circular economy

Score 0.608
the described firsttime classification of all tire manufacturing activities as taxonomyeligible under category .  and the firsttime classification of all other economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles as taxonomyeligible under category .  resulted in a significant increase in taxonomyeligible turnover in the reporting year.  added to this was the firsttime classification of other economic activities involved in th e manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents as taxonomyeligible under category

Score 0.607
manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents coupled with the updated approach t o the activity of tire manufacturing resulted in the reclassification of various continental economic activities reported as taxonomyeligible in the reporting year compared with as well as a significant increase in sales capital expenditure and operating expenditure.  in the reporting year we allocated all economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles with the exception of tires but also extending beyond components for zerotailpipe emission vehicles to category . .  continental is of the opinion that the manufacture of all components irrespective of the drive system is taxonomyeligible for all vehicles belonging to the vehicle classes listed in the category

Score 0.607
and the firsttime classification of all other economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles as taxonomyeligible under category .  resulted in a significant increase in taxonomyeligible turnover in the reporting year.  added to this was the firsttime classification of other economic activities involved in th e manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents as taxonomyeligible under category .

Score 0.604
manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies of the delegated regulation for climate change mitigation eu annex i in the previous year since at the time no general regulations or specific upstream economic activities were provided for.  the introduction of category .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components and category .  manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents coupled with the updated approach t o the activity of tire manufacturing resulted in the reclassification of various continental economic activities reported as taxonomyeligible in the reporting year compared with as well as a significant increase in sales capital expenditure and operating expenditure

Score 0.603
in the reporting year these primarily comprised the manufacture of components for wind turbines and th e manufacture of materials for industrial plant insulation.  continental still allocates these businesses to category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies since the economic activities pursue substantial reductions and therefore make signif icant contributions to the expansion of renewable energies and energy saving for example through insulation in industrial plants.  for these classifications as well continental believes it is irrelevant which functions are fulfilled by the supplier techno logies in the end products as long as the end product facilitates the goals set out in art

Score 0.596
continental still allocates these businesses to category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies since the economic activities pursue substantial reductions and therefore make signif icant contributions to the expansion of renewable energies and energy saving for example through insulation in industrial plants.  for these classifications as well continental believes it is irrelevant which functions are fulfilled by the supplier techno logies in the end products as long as the end product facilitates the goals set out in art.  of the taxonomy regulation

Score 0.594
this affects among others the two economic activities of category .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components and category .  manufacture of rail rolling stock constit uents.  furthermore the eu commission made it explicit in recital of delegated regulation amending delegated regulation that the activity of tire manufacturing because of its potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the t ransport sector is a taxonomyeligible activity that is currently to be allocated to category

Score 0.594
in contras t to the previous year in the reporting year all activities involved in tire manufacturing were classified as taxonomyeligible under category . .  in recital of delegated regulation amending delegated regulation the commission made it clear that tire manufacturing has the potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the transport sector and can contribute to a more circular economy.  until specific technical assessment criteria are defined for this activity tire manufacturing shall remain a taxonomyeligible activity under category

Score 0.592
added to this was the firsttime classification of other economic activities involved in th e manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents as taxonomyeligible under category . .  in addition various continental industrial businesses were reported as taxonomyeligible under category .  as they were in the previous year

Score 0.591
of annex t o the delegated regulation on disclosure obligations and in compliance with ifrs accounting regulations see tables at the end of this nonfinancial statement.  the method of determination selected by continental ensures that double counting is avoided.  the described firsttime classification of all tire manufacturing activities as taxonomyeligible under category .  and the firsttime classification of all other economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles as taxonomyeligible under category

Score 0.59
manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies since the economic activities pursue substantial reductions and therefore make signif icant contributions to the expansion of renewable energies and energy saving for example through insulation in industrial plants.  for these classifications as well continental believes it is irrelevant which functions are fulfilled by the supplier techno logies in the end products as long as the end product facilitates the goals set out in art.  of the taxonomy regulation .  the activities mentioned are not identified as taxonomyeligible under annex ii to the climate delegated act climate change adaptation

Score 0.59
in addition various continental industrial businesses will continue to be reported as taxonomyeligible as they were in the previous year.  in the reporting year these primarily comprised the manufacture of components for wind turbines and th e manufacture of materials for industrial plant insulation.  continental still allocates these businesses to category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies since the economic activities pursue substantial reductions and therefore make signif icant contributions to the expansion of renewable energies and energy saving for example through insulation in industrial plants

Score 0.581
information in a ccordance with the eu taxonomy regulation continental ag annual report management report sustainability and combined nonfinancial statement we allocated all economic activities involved in the manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents to category . .  this classification is based in particular on the fact that from continentals perspective the reference to activity .  does not impose any restrictions on components in relation to the function or drive system of rail vehicles for which the components are manufactured pr ovided that the components and systems are necessary for the operation and functioning of rail vehicles

Score 0.569
manufacture of rail rolling stock constit uents.  furthermore the eu commission made it explicit in recital of delegated regulation amending delegated regulation that the activity of tire manufacturing because of its potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the t ransport sector is a taxonomyeligible activity that is currently to be allocated to category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies.  while the amendments to the climate delegated act do clear up some existing ambiguities in terms of how the regulation is to be interpreted when it comes to the taxonomy eligibility of continentals economic activities reporting pursuant to the eu taxonomy regulation remains fraught with uncertainty for continental

Score 0.565
this classification is based in particular on the fact that from continentals perspective the reference to activity .  does not impose any restrictions on components in relation to the function or drive system of rail vehicles for which the components are manufactured pr ovided that the components and systems are necessary for the operation and functioning of rail vehicles.  furthermore the activity designation does not entail any restrictions on components for example in relation to function or drive system.  in contras t to the previous year in the reporting year all activities involved in tire manufacturing were classified as taxonomyeligible under category

Score 0.561
in the reporting year we allocated all economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles with the exception of tires but also extending beyond components for zerotailpipe emission vehicles to category . .  continental is of the opinion that the manufacture of all components irrespective of the drive system is taxonomyeligible for all vehicles belonging to the vehicle classes listed in the category.  this class ification is based on the fact that from continentals perspective the activity designation does not entail any restrictions in terms of components for example in relation to function or drive system and the corresponding components parts and systems are intended for use in road vehicles

Score 0.561
.  alternative interpretations were also examined here but they were found to be unsuitable by continental particularly with regard to recital .  in addition various continental industrial businesses will continue to be reported as taxonomyeligible as they were in the previous year.  in the reporting year these primarily comprised the manufacture of components for wind turbines and th e manufacture of materials for industrial plant insulation

Score 0.56
in june the environmental delegated act under eu taxonomy regulation was published containing the activities and technical assessment criteria for the four remaining environmental objectives.  the six environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy are climate change mitigation climate change adaptation sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems publication of the environmental delegated act under eu taxonomy regulation was accompanied by the introduction of amendments to the climate delegated act comprising changes to the existing activities for the two climate objectives as well the inclusion of new economic activities for the two climate objectives.  this affects among others the two economic activities of category .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components and category

Score 0.558
does not impose any restrictions on components in relation to the function or drive system of rail vehicles for which the components are manufactured pr ovided that the components and systems are necessary for the operation and functioning of rail vehicles.  furthermore the activity designation does not entail any restrictions on components for example in relation to function or drive system.  in contras t to the previous year in the reporting year all activities involved in tire manufacturing were classified as taxonomyeligible under category .

Score 0.557
in recital of delegated regulation amending delegated regulation the commission made it clear that tire manufacturing has the potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the transport sector and can contribute to a more circular economy.  until specific technical assessment criteria are defined for this activity tire manufacturing shall remain a taxonomyeligible activity under category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies.  it is continentals opinion that this clarification for the purposes of taxonomy eligibility refers to the manufacture of tires of all kinds wi thout any restrictions in terms of specific properties label classes or drive system technologies

Score 0.556
resulted in a significant increase in taxonomyeligible turnover in the reporting year.  added to this was the firsttime classification of other economic activities involved in th e manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents as taxonomyeligible under category . .  in addition various continental industrial businesses were reported as taxonomyeligible under category

Score 0.555
billion of which was for production materials.  electronics and electromechanical components together make up around of the continental groups purchasing volume for production materials which are primarily used in the automotive and contract manufactu ring group sectors while mechanical components account for around .  natural rubber and oilbased chemicals as well as synthetic rubber and carbon black are key raw materials for the tires and contitech group sectors.  the total purchasing volume for th ese materials likewise amounts to around of the total volume for production materials

Score 0.553
alternative interpretations were also examined here but they were found to be unsuitable by continental particularly with regard to recital .  in addition various continental industrial businesses will continue to be reported as taxonomyeligible as they were in the previous year.  in the reporting year these primarily comprised the manufacture of components for wind turbines and th e manufacture of materials for industrial plant insulation.  continental still allocates these businesses to category

Score 0.549
electronics and electromechanical components together make up around of the continental groups purchasing volume for production materials which are primarily used in the automotive and contract manufactu ring group sectors while mechanical components account for around .  natural rubber and oilbased chemicals as well as synthetic rubber and carbon black are key raw materials for the tires and contitech group sectors.  the total purchasing volume for th ese materials likewise amounts to around of the total volume for production materials.  for more information see the development of raw materials markets section in the economic report

Score 0.544
the unclearly defined qualification characteristic criterion of activity .  essential contribution to environmental performance is in continentals view part of the assessment of taxonomy alignment and not taxonomy eligibility.  alternative interpretations were examined but they were found to be unsuitable by continental.  information in a ccordance with the eu taxonomy regulation continental ag annual report management report sustainability and combined nonfinancial statement we allocated all economic activities involved in the manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents to category

Score 0.542
waste for recovery includes material recycling thermal recovery or any other form of recycling or reuse.  this objective gives priority to recycling over disposal.  the implementation of the corporate target is managed by grou p environmental and climate protection as part of operational environmental management.  for more information on the organization of operational environmental management see the section on green and safe factories in this combined nonfinancial statemen t

Score 0.537
.  of annex t o the delegated regulation on disclosure obligations and in compliance with ifrs accounting regulations see tables at the end of this nonfinancial statement.  the method of determination selected by continental ensures that double counting is avoided.  the described firsttime classification of all tire manufacturing activities as taxonomyeligible under category

Score 0.532
alternative interpretations were examined but they were found to be unsuitable by continental.  information in a ccordance with the eu taxonomy regulation continental ag annual report management report sustainability and combined nonfinancial statement we allocated all economic activities involved in the manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents to category . .  this classification is based in particular on the fact that from continentals perspective the reference to activity

Score 0.527
manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies.  while the amendments to the climate delegated act do clear up some existing ambiguities in terms of how the regulation is to be interpreted when it comes to the taxonomy eligibility of continentals economic activities reporting pursuant to the eu taxonomy regulation remains fraught with uncertainty for continental.  this is mainly because unclear wording cont inues to be used in the regulations and notes on determining taxonomy eligibility and in particular taxonomy alignment as well as the calculations for key performance indicators for turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure as they pertain t o the economic activities relevant for continental.  as a result these regulations and notes are still open to interpretation

Score 0.527
the method of determination selected by continental ensures that double counting is avoided.  the described firsttime classification of all tire manufacturing activities as taxonomyeligible under category .  and the firsttime classification of all other economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles as taxonomyeligible under category .  resulted in a significant increase in taxonomyeligible turnover in the reporting year

Score 0.525
finished goods and merchandise .  .  inventories .

Score 0.524
.  finished goods and merchandise .  .  inventories

Score 0.521
the six environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy are climate change mitigation climate change adaptation sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems publication of the environmental delegated act under eu taxonomy regulation was accompanied by the introduction of amendments to the climate delegated act comprising changes to the existing activities for the two climate objectives as well the inclusion of new economic activities for the two climate objectives.  this affects among others the two economic activities of category .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components and category .  manufacture of rail rolling stock constit uents

Score 0.516
billion in total .  billion of which was for production materials.  electronics and electromechanical components together make up around of the continental groups purchasing volume for production materials which are primarily used in the automotive and contract manufactu ring group sectors while mechanical components account for around .  natural rubber and oilbased chemicals as well as synthetic rubber and carbon black are key raw materials for the tires and contitech group sectors

Score 0.512
furthermore the eu commission made it explicit in recital of delegated regulation amending delegated regulation that the activity of tire manufacturing because of its potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the t ransport sector is a taxonomyeligible activity that is currently to be allocated to category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies.  while the amendments to the climate delegated act do clear up some existing ambiguities in terms of how the regulation is to be interpreted when it comes to the taxonomy eligibility of continentals economic activities reporting pursuant to the eu taxonomy regulation remains fraught with uncertainty for continental.  this is mainly because unclear wording cont inues to be used in the regulations and notes on determining taxonomy eligibility and in particular taxonomy alignment as well as the calculations for key performance indicators for turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure as they pertain t o the economic activities relevant for continental

Score 0.51
.  in recital of delegated regulation amending delegated regulation the commission made it clear that tire manufacturing has the potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the transport sector and can contribute to a more circular economy.  until specific technical assessment criteria are defined for this activity tire manufacturing shall remain a taxonomyeligible activity under category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies

Score 0.508
it is continentals opinion that this clarification for the purposes of taxonomy eligibility refers to the manufacture of tires of all kinds wi thout any restrictions in terms of specific properties label classes or drive system technologies.  based on this clarification continental has amended its approach compared with the previous year and now allocates the manufacture of tires of all kinds w ithout any restrictions in terms of specific properties label classes or drive system technologies to category . .  alternative interpretations were also examined here but they were found to be unsuitable by continental particularly with regard to recital

Score 0.506
for these classifications as well continental believes it is irrelevant which functions are fulfilled by the supplier techno logies in the end products as long as the end product facilitates the goals set out in art.  of the taxonomy regulation .  the activities mentioned are not identified as taxonomyeligible under annex ii to the climate delegated act climate change adaptation.  all other economic activities of the continental group that are not included in the aforementioned economic activities have been classified as taxonomynoneligible for the reporting year

Score 0.504
the group sectors are responsible for implementing circularity in particular with r espect to product design business models material use and material procurement.  they have each started to design andor implement specific initiatives and projects that are aimed at improving the use of productrelated technological and biological cycle s.  in addition work is continuously being done on the durability recyclability and adaptability of products.  to cite some examples in the reporting year the automotive group sector become a partner of the international circuits project circular inte gration of independent reverse supply chains for the smart reuse of industrially relevant semiconductors

Score 0.504
until specific technical assessment criteria are defined for this activity tire manufacturing shall remain a taxonomyeligible activity under category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies.  it is continentals opinion that this clarification for the purposes of taxonomy eligibility refers to the manufacture of tires of all kinds wi thout any restrictions in terms of specific properties label classes or drive system technologies.  based on this clarification continental has amended its approach compared with the previous year and now allocates the manufacture of tires of all kinds w ithout any restrictions in terms of specific properties label classes or drive system technologies to category

Score 0.504
the total purchasing volume for th ese materials likewise amounts to around of the total volume for production materials.  for more information see the development of raw materials markets section in the economic report.  production and sales in the automotive and contitech group sectors are organized across regions.  for the tires group sector economies of scale play a key role when it comes to tire manufacturing

Score 0.503
manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies.  it is continentals opinion that this clarification for the purposes of taxonomy eligibility refers to the manufacture of tires of all kinds wi thout any restrictions in terms of specific properties label classes or drive system technologies.  based on this clarification continental has amended its approach compared with the previous year and now allocates the manufacture of tires of all kinds w ithout any restrictions in terms of specific properties label classes or drive system technologies to category .

Score 0.498
income from the reimbursement of customer tooling expenses .  .  income from the disposal of property plant and equipment .

Score 0.496
e.  permanent staff only and waytowork accidents.  for more information on green and safe factories see the integrated sustainability report on our website at www. continentalsustainability

Score 0.496
taxonomyeligible capital expenditure and operating expenditure taxonomyeligible capital expenditure and operating expenditure have been recorded in accordance with the delegated regulation on disclosure obligations and taking into account the clarifications made by the european commission in october .  the figures for taxonomyeligible capital expenditure and operating expenditure under category a are allocations based on the p roportion of taxonomyeligible turnover.  for reasons connected to the business model the equipment machinery and buildings of the continental group are thus used both for taxonomyeligible activities and for other activities.  this applies both to capital expenditure and operating expenditure for assets or processes associated with taxonomyeligible activities category a

Score 0.495
the development is considered to be completed once the final approval for the unlimited production is granted.  only very few development projects fulfill the recognition criteria.  although suppliers are nominated by original equipment manufacturers with the general obligation to supply products over the entire life of the particular model or platform these supply agreements constitute neither longterm contracts nor firm commitments in particular because the original equipment manufa cturers make no commitments in regard to purchase quantities.  for this reason all preproduction expenses with the exception of the capitalized development costs as previously described are recognized immediately in profit or loss

Score 0.493
continental is of the opinion that the manufacture of all components irrespective of the drive system is taxonomyeligible for all vehicles belonging to the vehicle classes listed in the category.  this class ification is based on the fact that from continentals perspective the activity designation does not entail any restrictions in terms of components for example in relation to function or drive system and the corresponding components parts and systems are intended for use in road vehicles.  the unclearly defined qualification characteristic criterion of activity .  essential contribution to environmental performance is in continentals view part of the assessment of taxonomy alignment and not taxonomy eligibility

Score 0.492
.  income from the reimbursement of customer tooling expenses .  .  income from the disposal of property plant and equipment

Score 0.491
with regard to operational waste management as a further key component of the circular economy we have set ourselves the corporate target of increasing the waste for recovery quota to by .  waste for recovery includes material recycling thermal recovery or any other form of recycling or reuse.  this objective gives priority to recycling over disposal.  the implementation of the corporate target is managed by grou p environmental and climate protection as part of operational environmental management

Score 0.49
the concrete organizational and technical requirements can be found in the relevant quality management manuals for the group sectors.  the extent of the certifications is assessed on an annual basis as to how many employees they cover with respect to quality management systems.  the number of new field quality events is used as an effectiveness indicator for our quality management.  a field qu ality event is a riskminimizing measure for a product manufactured andor sold by continental on the basis of a safetyrelated defect andor noncompliance with regulations that was initiated by continental a customer andor an authority

Score 0.49
for more information see the respective press release on our website under press.  with regard to operational waste management as a further key component of the circular economy we have set ourselves the corporate target of increasing the waste for recovery quota to by .  waste for recovery includes material recycling thermal recovery or any other form of recycling or reuse.  this objective gives priority to recycling over disposal

Score 0.489
the applicable requirements contain wording and terms that are subject to considerable interpretation uncertainties and for which authoritative comprehensive interpretations have not yet been published.  acco rdingly the executive directors have disclosed their interpretations of such wording and terms in the information in accordance with t he eu taxonomy regulation section of the nonfinancial statement.  the executive directors are responsible for the defe nsibility of these interpretations.  as such wording and terms may be interpreted differently by regulators or courts the legal conformity of these interpretations is uncertain

Score 0.489
it consisted of allocated business with zerotailpipeemission vehicles and allocated lowcarbon business beyond business with zerotailpipe emission vehicles.  this business was therefore classified under category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies of the delegated regulation for climate change mitigation eu annex i in the previous year since at the time no general regulations or specific upstream economic activities were provided for.  the introduction of category

Score 0.488
.  continental is of the opinion that the manufacture of all components irrespective of the drive system is taxonomyeligible for all vehicles belonging to the vehicle classes listed in the category.  this class ification is based on the fact that from continentals perspective the activity designation does not entail any restrictions in terms of components for example in relation to function or drive system and the corresponding components parts and systems are intended for use in road vehicles.  the unclearly defined qualification characteristic criterion of activity

Score 0.488
carbon steel and stainless steel are input materials for many of the mechanical components such as diecast parts integrated by continental into its products.  steel wire is used in particular in tire production as steel cord but also in conveyor belts and timing belts to increase tensile strength.  aluminum is used in particular for diecast parts and stamped and bent components while copp er is used in particular in electric motors mechatronic components and printed circuit boards.  prices for carbon steel in euros which had fallen changes to vehicle production the tirereplacement business and industrial production in compared with passenger cars and light commercial vehicles vehicle production tire replacement business industrial production europe eurozone

Score 0.483
as soon as an asset is available for its intended use subsequent cost is capitalized only to the extent the relat ed modification changes the function of the asset or increases its economic value and the cost can be clearly identified.  all other subsequent expenditure is recognized as current maintenance expense.  property plant and equipment is broken down into the l owest level of the components that have significantly different useful lives and to the extent integrated in other assets when they are likely to be replaced or overhauled during the overall life of the related main asset.  maintenance and repair costs ar e recognized in profit or loss as incurred

Score 0.483
development of industrial production in addition to vehicle production and the replacement business for the automotive industry the development of various other industries is crucial to the success of our contitech group sector.  contitech products are used in particular in equipment machinery and vehicles for railway transport mining agriculture and other key industries.  as well as the general development of gross domestic product the development of industrial production is therefo re regarded as an important indicator for contitechs business with industrial customers.  in the reporting period industrial production in the eurozone continued to be affected by increased costs and was down yearonyear as a whole

Score 0.481
as a result these regulations and notes are still open to interpretation.  from continentals perspective there is also uncertainty about the interaction between the various regulations delegated acts and official answers to frequently asked questions.  furthermore the short implementation period granted by the delegated act published in means that many questions of interpretation related to implementation have not yet been conclusively clarified.  in interpreting the regulation we also take into consideration the assessments of industry associations in the supplier and automotive industries the reporting practices of european suppliers for and unofficial assessments by various experts

Score 0.481
.  in addition various continental industrial businesses were reported as taxonomyeligible under category .  as they were in the previous year.  a total sum of

Score 0.48
there are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimbursements to customers or similar obligations or from warranty commitments that include a service component.  description of revenue in other business activities revenue in other business activities is included in the sales of the automotive originalequipment business in the sales of the industrial and replacement business and in other revenues.  on the one hand services are provided and on the other project b usiness is conducted in which developments for customers are made goods produced or services provided over a mediumterm or longer period.  for this revenue there are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimb ursements to customers or similar obligations or from warranty commitments that include a service component

Score 0.48
green and safe factories our ambition as set out in our sustainability ambition we conduct our business processes in a safe and responsible manner based on systematic management and the protection of people and the environment.  concept our company policy for environment safety and health protection esh defines corporatewide guidelines for green and safe factories.  on this basis we pursue esh targets for the continental group as a whole all persons in our company are to be protected against accidents and workrelated sickness and their health is to be actively promoted.  co emissions energy us e water consumption and waste generation at the locations are to be reduced and the waste for recovery quota and energy efficiency at the locations increased

Score 0.479
aluminum is used in particular for diecast parts and stamped and bent components while copp er is used in particular in electric motors mechatronic components and printed circuit boards.  prices for carbon steel in euros which had fallen changes to vehicle production the tirereplacement business and industrial production in compared with passenger cars and light commercial vehicles vehicle production tire replacement business industrial production europe eurozone .  north america usa .  china china

Score 0.478
they have each started to design andor implement specific initiatives and projects that are aimed at improving the use of productrelated technological and biological cycle s.  in addition work is continuously being done on the durability recyclability and adaptability of products.  to cite some examples in the reporting year the automotive group sector become a partner of the international circuits project circular inte gration of independent reverse supply chains for the smart reuse of industrially relevant semiconductors.  the aim of the project is to develop sustainable methods based on innovative technologies that can be used in the circular model to manufacture new components and products with high added value and an improved environmental footprint as well as to provide solutions for the reuse of semiconductors and mechanical parts

Score 0.478
continental processes a wide range of raw materials and semifinished products.  the purchasing volum e in the reporting year was .  billion in total .  billion of which was for production materials

Score 0.477
.  work in progress .  .  finished goods and merchandise

Score 0.475
in the contr act manufacturing group sector there were restructuring expenses of .  million.  in addition the reversal of restructuring provisions resulted in income of .  million

Score 0.473
the group sector is divided into five business areas as of january industrial solutions americas industrial solutions apac industrial solutions emea original equipment solutions surface solutions the advanced dynamics solutio ns conveying solutions industrial fluid solutions mobile fluid systems and power transmission group business areas as they existed in this setup until december have been reassigned to the three regional industrial solutions business areas and the original equipment solutions business area.  the contract manufacturing of products by continental companies for vitesco technologies is consolidated in the contract manufacturing group sector .  this contract manufacturing is not intended to be a permanent situation rather the operational separation of production will continue to be promoted and the volume of contract manufacturing reduced.  contract manufacturing includes one business area contract manufacturing structure of the continental group in continental groupautomotive tires contract manufacturing contitech continental ag annual report management report corporate profile globally interconnected value creation research and development rd took place at locations in the reporting year predominantly in close proximity to our customers to ensure that continental can respond flexibly to their various requirements and to regional market conditions

Score 0.471
it is not always possible to determine with certainty whether there are effective and enforceable thirdparty industrial property rights to certain processes method s or applications.  therefore third parties could assert claims including illegitimate ones of alleged infringements of industrial property rights against continental.  as a result continental could be required to cease manufacturing using or marketing the relevant technologies or products in certain countries or be forced to make changes to manufacturing processes andor products.  in addition continental could be liable to pay compensation for infringements or could be forced to purchase licenses to c ontinue using technology from third parties

Score 0.47
for all economic activities that are reported under category .  specific comparative lifecycle assessments are required in order to also report these as being t axonomyaligned.  these must demonstrate substantial savings to lifecycle emissions compared with the highestperforming alternative technology or solution available on the market or the highestperforming alternative product available on the market.  exter nal verification of the life cycle assessments must also take place in accordance with predefined standards

Score 0.469
production cost consists of the direct costs and attributable material and manufacturing overheads including depreciation.  under certain conditions portions of the borrowing costs are capitalized as part of the acquisition cost.  this also applies to finance leases and investment property.  as soon as an asset is available for its intended use subsequent cost is capitalized only to the extent the relat ed modification changes the function of the asset or increases its economic value and the cost can be clearly identified

Score 0.468
permanent staff only and waytowork accidents.  for more information on green and safe factories see the integrated sustainability report on our website at www. continentalsustainability. com

Score 0.467
these relate to the use phase of our products coupled with the global shift toward emissionfree mobility and industry product design and the conversion of materials used to renewable and recycled materials as well as a general transition to circular processes.  for more information on our concepts in this respect see the sections on emissionfree mobility and industry and circular economy in this combined nonfinancial statement.  it will also be necessary to increase the use of green electricity along the supply chain.  the business partner code of conduct was expanded accordingly with a view to carbon neutrality in and review ed in fiscal

Score 0.466
for reasons connected to the business model the equipment machinery and buildings of the continental group are thus used both for taxonomyeligible activities and for other activities.  this applies both to capital expenditure and operating expenditure for assets or processes associated with taxonomyeligible activities category a.  the allocation takes place at group sector level and not according to the individual locations in order to avoid double counting ta ke into account internal business and consolidation effects and reflect the continental groups matrix structure.  this allocation of turnover thus reflects the distribution of continentals production

Score 0.466
based on this clarification continental has amended its approach compared with the previous year and now allocates the manufacture of tires of all kinds w ithout any restrictions in terms of specific properties label classes or drive system technologies to category . .  alternative interpretations were also examined here but they were found to be unsuitable by continental particularly with regard to recital .  in addition various continental industrial businesses will continue to be reported as taxonomyeligible as they were in the previous year

Score 0.466
million.  in the contr act manufacturing group sector there were restructuring expenses of .  million.  in addition the reversal of restructuring provisions resulted in income of

Score 0.465
essential contribution to environmental performance is in continentals view part of the assessment of taxonomy alignment and not taxonomy eligibility.  alternative interpretations were examined but they were found to be unsuitable by continental.  information in a ccordance with the eu taxonomy regulation continental ag annual report management report sustainability and combined nonfinancial statement we allocated all economic activities involved in the manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents to category .

Score 0.465
.  the capital expenditure was primarily attributab le to production equipment for the manufacture of specific products and the implementation of new technologies.  employees the number of employees in the contract manufacturing group sector fell by compared with the previous year totaling as at d ecember py .

Score 0.464
in addition the expenses are reduced by the amount relating to the application of research results from the development of new or substantially improved pr oducts if the related activity fulfills the recognition criteria for internally generated intangible assets set out in ias intangible assets .  this portion of the expenses is capitalized as an asset and amortized over a period of three to seven years from the date that the developed products become marketable.  however expenses for customerspecific applications preproduction prototypes or tests for products already being marketed do not qualify as development expenditure which may be recognize d as an intangible asset.  furthermore expenses incurred directly in connection with the launch of new production operations and plants are recognized directly in profit or loss

Score 0.464
for more information see the development of raw materials markets section in the economic report.  production and sales in the automotive and contitech group sectors are organized across regions.  for the tires group sector economies of scale play a key role when it comes to tire manufacturing.  low production costs coupled with large volumes and proximity to our customers or high rates of regional growth constitute ke y success factors

Score 0.463
material reporting topic areas the executive board of continental adopted a sustainability ambition in autumn on the basis of a survey of customers investors and employees among o thers.  for the combined nonfinancial statement the topic areas included in the ambition were assessed as to their materiality in accordance with section c hgb .  to this end they were analyzed in terms of risks and opportunities for the company and their effects on nonfinancial matters.  as a result the following eight topic areas were identified as reporting topic areas carbonneutrality emissionfree mobility and industry circular economy responsible value chain good working conditions gree n and safe factories benchmark in quality and sustainable management practice

Score 0.463
in the reporting year of sales in contitech related to business with automotive manufacturers and to business with other industries and in the automotive replacement market.  the group sector is divided into five business areas as of january industrial solutions americas industrial solutions apac industrial solutions emea original equipment solutions surface solutions the advanced dynamics solutio ns conveying solutions industrial fluid solutions mobile fluid systems and power transmission group business areas as they existed in this setup until december have been reassigned to the three regional industrial solutions business areas and the original equipment solutions business area.  the contract manufacturing of products by continental companies for vitesco technologies is consolidated in the contract manufacturing group sector .  this contract manufacturing is not intended to be a permanent situation rather the operational separation of production will continue to be promoted and the volume of contract manufacturing reduced

Score 0.462
taxonomyaligned economic activities as in the previous year continental did not report any economic activities as being taxonomyaligned.  for all economic activities that are reported under category .  specific comparative lifecycle assessments are required in order to also report these as being t axonomyaligned.  these must demonstrate substantial savings to lifecycle emissions compared with the highestperforming alternative technology or solution available on the market or the highestperforming alternative product available on the market

Score 0.462
accordingly development costs are recognized as an asset only as at the date of nomination as supplier and upon fulfillment of a specific pre prod uction release stage.  the development is considered to be completed once the final approval for the unlimited production is granted.  only very few development projects fulfill the recognition criteria.  although suppliers are nominated by original equipment manufacturers with the general obligation to supply products over the entire life of the particular model or platform these supply agreements constitute neither longterm contracts nor firm commitments in particular because the original equipment manufa cturers make no commitments in regard to purchase quantities

Score 0.462
product recalls pr oduct liability claims and proceedings as a result of quality defects represent a business risk that we want to avoid due to the resulting losses of sales costs and loss of customer and market acceptance.  for more information see the report on risks and opportunities in this annual report.  local management systems drive forward the implementation of these guidelines.  the concrete organizational and technical requirements can be found in the relevant quality management manuals for the group sectors

Score 0.461
this class ification is based on the fact that from continentals perspective the activity designation does not entail any restrictions in terms of components for example in relation to function or drive system and the corresponding components parts and systems are intended for use in road vehicles.  the unclearly defined qualification characteristic criterion of activity .  essential contribution to environmental performance is in continentals view part of the assessment of taxonomy alignment and not taxonomy eligibility.  alternative interpretations were examined but they were found to be unsuitable by continental

Score 0.46
steel wire is used in particular in tire production as steel cord but also in conveyor belts and timing belts to increase tensile strength.  aluminum is used in particular for diecast parts and stamped and bent components while copp er is used in particular in electric motors mechatronic components and printed circuit boards.  prices for carbon steel in euros which had fallen changes to vehicle production the tirereplacement business and industrial production in compared with passenger cars and light commercial vehicles vehicle production tire replacement business industrial production europe eurozone .  north america usa

Score 0.46
specific information on the implementation of disclosure requirements in accordance with the eu taxonomy regulation since january companies in the real economy have had to provide information on taxonomy eligibility and taxonomy alignment with regard to the two climate objectives of the climate delegated act under eu taxonomy regulation .  in june the environmental delegated act under eu taxonomy regulation was published containing the activities and technical assessment criteria for the four remaining environmental objectives.  the six environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy are climate change mitigation climate change adaptation sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems publication of the environmental delegated act under eu taxonomy regulation was accompanied by the introduction of amendments to the climate delegated act comprising changes to the existing activities for the two climate objectives as well the inclusion of new economic activities for the two climate objectives.  this affects among others the two economic activities of category

Score 0.46
only very few development projects fulfill the recognition criteria.  although suppliers are nominated by original equipment manufacturers with the general obligation to supply products over the entire life of the particular model or platform these supply agreements constitute neither longterm contracts nor firm commitments in particular because the original equipment manufa cturers make no commitments in regard to purchase quantities.  for this reason all preproduction expenses with the exception of the capitalized development costs as previously described are recognized immediately in profit or loss.  product related exp enses costs for advertising sales promotion and other salesrelated items are expensed as incurred

Score 0.46
the industrial business showed signs of developing by to in the e urozone in the usa we anticipated a figure of between and for the year as a whole and in china we expected a recovery in demand of to .  with respect to the key financial figures we made the following changes consolidated sales were expec ted to be in the range of around .  billion to .  billion and the adjusted ebit margin was expected to be around

Score 0.459
to this end we have identified various lever s throughout the value chain.  these relate to the use phase of our products coupled with the global shift toward emissionfree mobility and industry product design and the conversion of materials used to renewable and recycled materials as well as a general transition to circular processes.  for more information on our concepts in this respect see the sections on emissionfree mobility and industry and circular economy in this combined nonfinancial statement.  it will also be necessary to increase the use of green electricity along the supply chain

Score 0.458
this objective gives priority to recycling over disposal.  the implementation of the corporate target is managed by grou p environmental and climate protection as part of operational environmental management.  for more information on the organization of operational environmental management see the section on green and safe factories in this combined nonfinancial statemen t.  the waste for recovery quota has also been part of the lti plans for the members of the executive board and global managers since fiscal

Score 0.458
in the contitech segment production capacity was expanded in germany china the usa mexico brazil hungary and romania.  there were major additions related to the expansion of production capacity in selected growth markets for the surface solutions mobile fluid systems conveying solutions and po wer transmission group business areas.  in addition investments were made in all business areas to optimize existing production processes.  in the contract manufacturing segment the capital expenditure was primarily attributable to production equipment for the manufacture of specific products and the implementation of new technologies

Score 0.458
million.  this included reversals of impairment losses on property plant and equipment in the amount of .  million.  in the contr act manufacturing group sector there were restructuring expenses of

Score 0.458
natural rubber and oilbased chemicals as well as synthetic rubber and carbon black are key raw materials for the tires and contitech group sectors.  the total purchasing volume for th ese materials likewise amounts to around of the total volume for production materials.  for more information see the development of raw materials markets section in the economic report.  production and sales in the automotive and contitech group sectors are organized across regions

Score 0.458
the capital expenditure was primarily attributab le to production equipment for the manufacture of specific products and the implementation of new technologies.  employees the number of employees in the contract manufacturing group sector fell by compared with the previous year totaling as at d ecember py .  .