Scores_n_ADMINISTRATIVE AND SUPPORT SERVICE ACTIVITIESScore 0.523
accordingly businessrelated parts of chief operating office that support the investment bank and the corporate bank which were previously run in infrastructure moved to those divisions.  comparative segmental financial information is presented accordingly.  this change did not result in a material financial impact at a segment level as costs are allocated from corpor ate other to the operating business segments that are using the service of the respective infrastructure functions and with this move the costs are directly incurred by the divisions rather than being charged to corporate other.  segmental results of operations the following tables present the results of the groups business segments including the reconciliation to the consolidated results of operations under ifrs.  in m

Score 0.52
excluded items are debt valuation adjustment dva and material transactions or events that are either oneoff in nature or belong to a portfolio of connected transactions or events where the pl impact is limited to a specific period of time.  the group believes that a presentation of net revenues excluding the impact of these items provides a more meaningful depiction of the revenues associated with the business.  in m.  corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management corporate other total consolidated revenues dva sal.  oppenheim workout international private bank gain on sale financial advisors business italy international private bank total specific revenue items revenues excluding specific items in m

Score 0.508
the foreign exchange business will look to further technology development in spot and expand its precious metals offering.  the global emerging markets business will continue to further develop its onshore capabilities for example building on the develop ment of latin america and client workflow solutions globally while selectively expanding its product offering.  credit trading int ends to build on the turnaround in performance seen in the flow business in .  the financing business will continue to opti mize the effective deployment of resources and look to maintain our top ranking globally.  origination advisory revenues are expected to be significantly higher in compared to driven by an expected industry recovery and the impact of investme nts made in the prior year with the acquisition of numis bringing benefits across the business

Score 0.505
sales activities include the structuring and marketing of derivative products to customers to enable them to take transfer modify or reduce current or expected risks.  marketmaking involves quoting bid and offer prices to o ther market participants enabling revenue to be generated based on spreads and volume.  risk management the group uses derivatives in order to reduce its exposure to market risks as part of its asset and liability management.  thi s is achieved by entering into derivatives that hedge specific portfolios of fixed rate financial instruments and forecast transactions as well as strategic hedging against overall balance sheet exposures.  the group actively manages interest rate risk through among other things t he use of derivative contracts

Score 0.503
this change did not result in a material financial impact at a segment level as costs are allocated from corpor ate other to the operating business segments that are using the service of the respective infrastructure functions and with this move the costs are directly incurred by the divisions rather than being charged to corporate other.  segmental results of operations the following tables present the results of the groups business segments including the reconciliation to the consolidated results of operations under ifrs.  in m.  unless stated otherwise corporate bank investment bank private bank asset manage ment corporate other total consolidated net revenues provision for credit losses noninterest expenses compensation and benefits general and administrative expenses impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets restructuring activities total noninterest expenses noncontrolling interests profit loss before tax assets in bn loans gross of allowance for loan losses in bn additions to noncurrent assets deposits in bn average allocated shareholders equity riskweighted assets in bn of which operational risk rwa in bn leverage exposure in bn employees fulltime equivalent posttax return on average shareholders equity .

Score 0.502
infrastructure fulltime employees realignment in the third quarter of approximately ftes moved from corporate other to the operating business segments driven by the banks decision that the chief operat ing office will no longer be a separate management board function.  accordingly businessrelated parts of chief operating office that support the investment bank and the corporate bank which were previously run in infrastructure moved to those divisions.  comparative segmental financial information is presented accordingly.  this change did not result in a material financial impact at a segment level as costs are allocated from corpor ate other to the operating business segments that are using the service of the respective infrastructure functions and with this move the costs are directly incurred by the divisions rather than being charged to corporate other.  segmental results of operations the following tables present the results of the groups business segments including the reconciliation to the consolidated results of operations under ifrs

Score 0.5
the group believes that a presentation of net revenues excluding the impact of these items provides a more meaningful depiction of the revenues associated with the business.  in m.  corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management corporate other total consolidated revenues dva sal.  oppenheim workout international private bank gain on sale financial advisors business italy international private bank total specific revenue items revenues excluding specific items in m.  corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management corporate other total consolidated revenues dva sal

Score 0.492
examples include cash and cash equivalent balances held by a subsidiary that operates in a country where exchange controls or other legal restrictions apply such that the balances are not available for general use by the group or its subsidiaries.  the groups assignment of cash flows to the operating investing or financing category depends on the business model management approach.  for the group the primary operating activity is to manage financial assets and financial liabilities .  therefore the issuance and management of longterm borrowings is a core operating activity which is different than for a nonfinancial company where borrowing is not a principal revenue producing activity and thus is part of the financing category.  the group views the issuance of senior longterm debt as an operating activity

Score 0.489
such investments include cash and balances at central banks and demand deposi ts with banks.  there are various circumstances in which cash and cash equivalent balances held by an entity are not available for use by the group.  examples include cash and cash equivalent balances held by a subsidiary that operates in a country where exchange controls or other legal restrictions apply such that the balances are not available for general use by the group or its subsidiaries.  the groups assignment of cash flows to the operating investing or financing category depends on the business model management approach.  for the group the primary operating activity is to manage financial assets and financial liabilities

Score 0.487
taxexempt secur ities is for and .  infrastructure fulltime employees realignment in the third quarter of approximately ftes moved from corporate other to the operating business segments driven by the banks decision that the chief operat ing office will no longer be a separate management board function.  accordingly businessrelated parts of chief operating office that support the investment bank and the corporate bank which were previously run in infrastructure moved to those divisions.  comparative segmental financial information is presented accordingly.  this change did not result in a material financial impact at a segment level as costs are allocated from corpor ate other to the operating business segments that are using the service of the respective infrastructure functions and with this move the costs are directly incurred by the divisions rather than being charged to corporate other

Score 0.485
the group is not entitled to use these financial assets for any other purposes.  the most common transactions of this nature entered into by the group are repurchase agreements securities lending agreements and total return swaps in which the group retains substantially all of th e associated credit equity price interest rate and foreign exchange risks and rewards associated with the assets as well as the associated income streams.  information on asset types and associated transactions that did not qualify for derecognition in m.  dec dec carrying amount of transferred assets trading securities not derecognized due to the following transactions repurchase agreements securities lending agreements total return swaps other total trading securities other trading assets nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income loans at amortized cost others total carrying amount of associated liabilities other traded loans where the associated liability is recourse only to the transferred assets had carrying value and fair valu e of million and million as at december and december respectively.  the associated liabilities had the same carrying value and fair value which resulted in a net position of million and million as at december and december respectively carrying value of assets transferred to the group has continuing involvement in m

Score 0.484
the groups trading activities can periodically shift income to either net interest income or to net gai ns losse s of financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss depending on a variety of factors including risk management strategies.  the above table combines net interest income and net gains losses of financial assetsliabilities at fair val ue through profit or loss by business division.  deutsche bank notes to the consolidated income st atement annual report commissions and fee income commissions and fee income in m.  commission and fee income and expense commission and fee income commission and fee expense net commissions and fee income disaggregation of revenues by product type and business segment dec in m.  unless stated otherwise corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management corporate other total consolidated major type of services commissions for administration commissions for assets under management commissions for other securities underwriting and advisory fees brokerage fees commissions for local payments commissions for foreign commercial business commissions for foreign currencyexchange business commissions for loan processing and guarantees intermediary fees fees for sundry other customer services total fee and commissions income gross expense net fees and commissions dec in m

Score 0.478
trading income fic sales and trading other trading income loss total trading income loss net gains losses on nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss breakdown by financial assets category debt securities equity securities loans and loan commitments deposits others nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit and loss total net gains losses on nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss breakdown by financial assetliability category loans and loan commitments deposits longterm debt other financial assetsliabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss total net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss total net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss combined net interest income and net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss in m.  net interest income trading income loss net gains losses on nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss total net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss total net interest income and net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss corporate treasury services institutional client services business banking corporate bank fic sales trading remaining products investment bank private bank germany international private bank private bank asset management corporate other total net interest income and net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss trading income loss includes gains and losses from derivatives not qualifying for hedge accounting prior years comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year the groups trading and risk management businesses include significant activities in interest rate instruments and related derivatives.  under ifrs interest and similar income earned from trading instruments and financial instruments designated at fair val ue through profit or loss i. e.  coupon and dividend income and the costs of funding net trading positions are part of net interest income

Score 0.477
the assoc iated disclosure of specific revenues items was discontinued starting in the first quarter of .  asset management reports revenues in the categories management fees performance and transaction fees and other.  corporate other includes revenues costs and resources held centrally that are not allocated to the individual business segments as well as valuation and timing differences that arise on derivatives used to hedge the groups balance sheet.  these are accounting impacts and valuation losses are expected to be recovered over time as the underlying instruments approach maturity.  in addition corp orate other contains financial impacts of legacy portfolios previously reported as the capital release unit

Score 0.475
the information presented for corporate bank investment bank private bank and asset management has been classified based primarily on the location of the groups office in which the revenues are recorded.  the information for corporate other is presented on a global level only as management responsibility for corporate o ther is held centrally.  in m.  germany corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management total germany uk corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management total uk rest of europe middle east and africa corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management total rest of europe middle east and africa americas primarily united states corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management total americas asiapacific corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management total asiapacific corporate other consolidated net revenues prior years comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year consolidated net revenues comprise interest and similar income interest expenses and total noninterest income including net commission and fee income revenues are attributed to countries based on the location in which the groups booking office is located the location of a transaction o n the groups books is sometimes different from the location of the headquarters or other offices of a customer and di fferent from the location of the groups personnel who entered into or facilitated the transaction where the group records a transaction involving its staff and customers and other third parties in different locations frequently depen ds on other considera tions such as the nature of the transaction regulatory considerations and transaction processing considerations deutsche bank notes to the consolidated income statement annual report net interest income and net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss notes to the consolidated income statement net interest income and net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value throu gh profit or loss net interest income in m.  interest and similar income interest income on cash and central bank balances interest income on interbank balances wo central banks central bank funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements loans other total interest and similar income from assets measured at amortized cost interest income on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income total interest and similar income calculated using the effective interest method financial assets at fair value through profit or loss total interest and similar income thereof negative interest expense on financial liabilities interest expense interestbearing deposits central bank funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements other shortterm borrowings longterm debt trust preferred securities other total interest expense measured at amortized cost financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss total interest expense thereof negative interest income on financial assets net interest income impact of ecb targeted longerterm refinancing operations tltro iii program the governing council of the ecb decided on a number of modifications to the terms and conditions of its tltro iiirefinancing program starting in the second quarter of in order to support funding of credit to households and firms and the economic disruption due to covid

Score 0.473
in the division expects the targeted investments made in both fic sales trading and origination advisory in the prior year combined with a broader recovery in origination advisory market to drive improved performance.  fic sales trading revenues are expected to be slightly higher compared to .  rates plans to consolidate its existing position while selectively growing via targeted investments in line with client demand and market opportunities .  the foreign exchange business will look to further technology development in spot and expand its precious metals offering.  the global emerging markets business will continue to further develop its onshore capabilities for example building on the develop ment of latin america and client workflow solutions globally while selectively expanding its product offering

Score 0.472
this enables the investment bank to align resourcing and capital across its client and product perimeter to effectively support the banks strategic goals.  commenci ng from the first quarter of investment bank introduces additional subcategories to fic sales and trading revenues entitled fixed income currencies financing and fixed income currencies ex financing.  at the same time fic sales and trading will be renamed to fixed income currencies.  origination advisory revenues will continue to be presented in the subcategories debt origination equity origination and advisory.  additionally research revenues will be reported together with ot her in the category research and other

Score 0.472
furthermore the assets and disposal groups must be actively marketed at a reasonable sales price in relation to their current fair value and the sale should be expected to be completed within one year.  noncurrent nonfinancial assets and disposal groups which meet the criteria for held for sale classification are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs of disposal and are presented wit hin other assets and other liabilities in the balance sheet.  financial assets and liabilities meeting the criteria continue to b e measured in accordance with ifrs .  the comparatives are not represented when noncurrent assets and disposal groups are classi fied as held for sale.  property and equipment property and equipment includes ownuse properties leasehold improvements furniture and equipment and software operating systems only

Score 0.471
expenses associated with shareholder activities as defined in the oecd transfer pricing guidelines not allocated to the business divisions were million in versus million in .  noncontrolling interests are deducted from the profit before tax of the divisions and reversed in corporate other.  these amount ed to million in compared to million in mainly related to dws.  corporate other reported a loss before tax of .  billion in compared to a loss before tax of

Score 0.47
commissions and fee income predominantly earned from services that are received and consumed by the customer over time administration assets under management foreign commercial business loan processing and guarantees sundry other customer services.  the group recognizes revenue from these services over ti me by measuring the progress towards complete satisfaction of that performance obligation subject to the removal of any uncertainty as to whether it is highly probable th at a significant reversal in the cumulative amount of revenue recognized would occur or not.  commissions and fee income predominantly earned from providing services at a point in time or transactiontype services include other securities underwriting and advisory fees brokerage fees local payments foreign currency exchange busines s and intermediary fees.  expenses that are directly related and incremental to the generation of commissions and fee income are presented net in commissions and fee income in the consolidated statement of income.  this includes income and associated expense where the group contractually owns the performance obligation i

Score 0.469
asset management reports revenues in the categories management fees performance and transaction fees and other.  corporate other includes revenues costs and resources held centrally that are not allocated to the individual business segments as well as valuation and timing differences that arise on derivatives used to hedge the groups balance sheet.  these are accounting impacts and valuation losses are expected to be recovered over time as the underlying instruments approach maturity.  in addition corp orate other contains financial impacts of legacy portfolios previously reported as the capital release unit.  as announced in the annual report having fulfilled the capital release units derisking and cost reduction mandate from through year end the capital release unit ceased to be reported as a separate segment with effect from the first quarter of

Score 0.469
the management board reports to the supervisory board at a minimum within the scope pr escribed by law or administrative guidelines in particular on all issues with relevance for the group concerning strategy the intend ed business policy planning business development risk situation risk management staff development reputation and compliance.  a comprehensive presentation of the duties responsibilities and procedures of our management board is specified in its terms of reference the current version of which is available on our website www. db. comirendocuments. htm

Score 0.467
the expected frequency and volume of sales and qualitative factors such as how the performance of the business model and the financial assets held within that busines s model are evaluated and reported to the groups key management personnel.  in addition to taking into consideration the risks that affec t the performance of the business model and the financial assets held within that business model in particular the wa y in which those market and credit risks are managed and how managers of the business are compensated e. g.  whether the compensation is based on the fair value of the assets managed or on the contractual cash flows collected.  this assessment results in an asset being classified in either a hold to collect hold to collect and sell or other business model

Score 0.467
s.  taxexempt secur ities is for and .  infrastructure fulltime employees realignment in the third quarter of approximately ftes moved from corporate other to the operating business segments driven by the banks decision that the chief operat ing office will no longer be a separate management board function.  accordingly businessrelated parts of chief operating office that support the investment bank and the corporate bank which were previously run in infrastructure moved to those divisions.  comparative segmental financial information is presented accordingly

Score 0.466
comparative segmental financial information is presented accordingly.  this change did not result in a material financial impact at a segment level as costs are allocated from corpor ate other to the operating business segments that are using the service of the respective infrastructure functions and with this move the costs are directly incurred by the divisions rather than being charged to corporate other.  segmental results of operations the following tables present the results of the groups business segments including the reconciliation to the consolidated results of operations under ifrs.  in m.  unless stated otherwise corporate bank investment bank private bank asset manage ment corporate other total consolidated net revenues provision for credit losses noninterest expenses compensation and benefits general and administrative expenses impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets restructuring activities total noninterest expenses noncontrolling interests profit loss before tax assets in bn loans gross of allowance for loan losses in bn additions to noncurrent assets deposits in bn average allocated shareholders equity riskweighted assets in bn of which operational risk rwa in bn leverage exposure in bn employees fulltime equivalent posttax return on average shareholders equity

Score 0.464
corporate other includes revenues costs and resources held centrally that are not allocated to the individual business segments as well as valuation and timing differences that arise on derivatives used to hedge the groups balance sheet.  these are accounting impacts and valuation losses are expected to be recovered over time as the underlying instruments approach maturity.  in addition corp orate other contains financial impacts of legacy portfolios previously reported as the capital release unit.  as announced in the annual report having fulfilled the capital release units derisking and cost reduction mandate from through year end the capital release unit ceased to be reported as a separate segment with effect from the first quarter of .  the remaining portfolio resources and employees are reported within the corporate other segment

Score 0.464
interest on interest earning assets such as trading loans and debt securities and dividends on equity instruments are present ed in interest and similar income.  the group applies trade date accounting to financial assets classified at fair value through profit or loss.  trading assets financial assets are classified as held for trading if they have been originated acquired or incurred principally for the purpose of selling or repurchasing them in the near term or they form part of a portfolio of ident ified financial instruments that are managed together and for which there is evidence of a recent actual pattern of shortterm profittaking.  trading assets include debt and equity securities derivatives held for trading purposes and trading loans.  this also includes loan commitments that are allocated to the other business model and that are presented as derivatives held for trading

Score 0.462
the group believes that a presentation of noninterest expenses excluding the impact of these items provides a more mean ingful depiction of the costs associated with the operating businesses.  in m.  corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management corporate other total consolidated noninterest expenses nonoperating costs impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets litigation charges net restructuring and severance total nonoperating costs adjusted costs in m.  corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management corporate other total consolidated noninterest expenses nonoperating costs impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets litigation charges net restructuring and severance total nonoperating costs adjusted costs prior years comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year in m.  corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management corporate other total consolidated noninterest expenses nonoperating costs impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets litigation charges net restructuring and severance total nonoperating costs adjusted costs prior years comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year revenues and costs on a currency adjusted basis revenues and costs on a currencyadjusted basis are calculated by translating priorperiod revenues or costs that were generated or incurred in noneuro currencies into euros at the foreign exchange rates that prevailed during the current year period

Score 0.461
civil litigation provisions arise out of current or potential claims or proceedings alleging noncompliance with contractual or other legal or regulatory responsibilities which have resulted or may result in demands from customer s counterparties or other parties in civil litigations.  regulatory enforcement provisions arise out of current or potential claims or proceedings alleging noncompliance with legal or regulatory responsibilities which have resulted or may result in an assessment of fines or penalties by governmental regulatory agencies selfregula tory organizations or other enforcement authorities.  restructuring provisions arise out of restructuring activities.  the group aims to enhance its longterm competitiveness through major reductions in costs duplication and complexity in the years ahead.  for details see note restructuring

Score 0.459
a detailed overview of nonoperating costs which consist of i impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets ii net litigation charges and iii restructuring and severance is presented in the section adjusted costsnonoperating costs.  in m.  unless stated otherwise net revenues noninterest expenses costincome ratio .  .

Score 0.459
revenues excluding specific items is calculated by adjusting net revenues under ifrs for specific revenue items which generally fall outside the usual nature or scope of the business and are likely to dist ort an accurate assessment of the divisional operating performance.  excluded items are debt valuation adjustment dva and material transactions or events that are either oneoff in nature or belong to a portfolio of connected transactions or events where the pl impact is limited to a specific period of time.  the group believes that a presentation of net revenues excluding the impact of these items provides a more meaningful depiction of the revenues associated with the business.  in m.  corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management corporate other total consolidated revenues dva sal

Score 0.459
e.  the amounts do not include intersegment balances.  the groups internal management reporting does not consider segment liabilities or interest expense separately.  similarly depreciation and amortization tax expenses and other comprehensive income are not presented separately intern ally and are therefore not disclosed here.  nonifrs compliant accounting methods used in the groups management reporting represent either valuation or classification differences

Score 0.458
noncurrent nonfinancial assets and disposal groups which meet the criteria for held for sale classification are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs of disposal and are presented wit hin other assets and other liabilities in the balance sheet.  financial assets and liabilities meeting the criteria continue to b e measured in accordance with ifrs .  the comparatives are not represented when noncurrent assets and disposal groups are classi fied as held for sale.  property and equipment property and equipment includes ownuse properties leasehold improvements furniture and equipment and software operating systems only.  rightofuse assets are presented together with property and equipmen t on the groups consolidated balance sheet

Score 0.457
a detailed overview of nonoperating costs which consist of i impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets ii net litigation charg es and iii restructuring and severance is presented in the section adjusted costsnonoperating costs.  the group believes that a presentation of profit losses before tax excluding the impact of the foregoing items provides a more meaningful depiction of the profitability of the operating business.  in m.  corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management corporate other total consolidated profit loss before tax specific revenue items nonoperating costs adjusted profit loss before tax in m.  corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management corporate other total consolidated profit loss before tax specific revenue items nonoperating costs adjusted profit loss before tax prior years comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year in m

Score 0.456
net interest income trading income loss net gains losses on nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss total net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss total net interest income and net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss corporate treasury services institutional client services business banking corporate bank fic sales trading remaining products investment bank private bank germany international private bank private bank asset management corporate other total net interest income and net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss trading income loss includes gains and losses from derivatives not qualifying for hedge accounting prior years comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year the groups trading and risk management businesses include significant activities in interest rate instruments and related derivatives.  under ifrs interest and similar income earned from trading instruments and financial instruments designated at fair val ue through profit or loss i. e.  coupon and dividend income and the costs of funding net trading positions are part of net interest income.  the groups trading activities can periodically shift income to either net interest income or to net gai ns losse s of financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss depending on a variety of factors including risk management strategies

Score 0.456
noninterest expenses were million in a redu ction of million or compared to .  the reduction was primarily driven by positive million litigation releases in compared to a charge of million in .  expenses associated with shareholder activities as defined in the oecd transfer pricing guidelines not allocated to the business divisions were million in versus million in .  noncontrolling interests are deducted from the profit before tax of the divisions and reversed in corporate other.  these amount ed to million in compared to million in mainly related to dws

Score 0.456
grundstücksgesellschaft wiesbaden luisenstraßekirchgasse gbr troisdorf other enterprise .  immobilienfonds bürocenter erfurt am flughafen bindersleben i gbr troisdorf other enterprise .  immobilienfonds wohn und geschäftshaus kölnblumenberg v gbr troisdorf other enterprise .  istron beteiligungs und verwaltungsgmbh cologne ancillary services undertaking .  ivaf i manager s

Score 0.455
the amounts do not include intersegment balances.  the groups internal management reporting does not consider segment liabilities or interest expense separately.  similarly depreciation and amortization tax expenses and other comprehensive income are not presented separately intern ally and are therefore not disclosed here.  nonifrs compliant accounting methods used in the groups management reporting represent either valuation or classification differences.  the largest valuation differences relate to measurement at fair value in man agement reporting versus measurement at amortized cost under ifrs and to the recognition of trading results from own shares in revenues in management reporting in investment bank and in equity under ifrs

Score 0.455
grundstücksgesellschaft kerpensindorf vogelrutherfeld gbr troisdorf other enterprise .  grundstücksgesellschaft köln oppenheimstraße gbr troisdorf ancillary services undertaking .  grundstücksgesellschaft wiesbaden luisenstraßekirchgasse gbr troisdorf other enterprise .  immobilienfonds bürocenter erfurt am flughafen bindersleben i gbr troisdorf other enterprise .  immobilienfonds wohn und geschäftshaus kölnblumenberg v gbr troisdorf other enterprise

Score 0.454
grundstücksgesellschaft frankfurt bockenheimer landstraße gbr troisdorf other enterprise .  grundstücksgesellschaft kerpensindorf vogelrutherfeld gbr troisdorf other enterprise .  grundstücksgesellschaft köln oppenheimstraße gbr troisdorf ancillary services undertaking .  grundstücksgesellschaft wiesbaden luisenstraßekirchgasse gbr troisdorf other enterprise .  immobilienfonds bürocenter erfurt am flughafen bindersleben i gbr troisdorf other enterprise

Score 0.454
they are recorded as financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income on the groups consolidated balance sheet.  other financial assets that do not meet the criteria of either hold to collect or hold to collect and sell.  they are recorded as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss on the groups consolidated balance sheet.  the assessment of business model requires judgment based on facts and circumstances upon initial recognition.  as part of this assessment the group considers quantitative factors e

Score 0.454
the global emerging markets business will continue to further develop its onshore capabilities for example building on the develop ment of latin america and client workflow solutions globally while selectively expanding its product offering.  credit trading int ends to build on the turnaround in performance seen in the flow business in .  the financing business will continue to opti mize the effective deployment of resources and look to maintain our top ranking globally.  origination advisory revenues are expected to be significantly higher in compared to driven by an expected industry recovery and the impact of investme nts made in the prior year with the acquisition of numis bringing benefits across the business.  within debt origination the business expects leveraged debt capital markets to build on the partial recovery it witnessed in the prior year while investment g rade debt will look to maintain its robust performance in and benefit from an expected improvement in the industry fee pool in

Score 0.453
coupon and dividend income and the costs of funding net trading positions are part of net interest income.  the groups trading activities can periodically shift income to either net interest income or to net gai ns losse s of financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss depending on a variety of factors including risk management strategies.  the above table combines net interest income and net gains losses of financial assetsliabilities at fair val ue through profit or loss by business division.  deutsche bank notes to the consolidated income st atement annual report commissions and fee income commissions and fee income in m.  commission and fee income and expense commission and fee income commission and fee expense net commissions and fee income disaggregation of revenues by product type and business segment dec in m

Score 0.453
the investment bank focuses on its traditional strengths in these markets bringing together wholesale banking expertise across risk management sales and trading investment banking and infrastructure.  this enables the investment bank to align resourcing and capital across its client and product perimeter to effectively support the banks strategic goals.  commenci ng from the first quarter of investment bank introduces additional subcategories to fic sales and trading revenues entitled fixed income currencies financing and fixed income currencies ex financing.  at the same time fic sales and trading will be renamed to fixed income currencies.  origination advisory revenues will continue to be presented in the subcategories debt origination equity origination and advisory

Score 0.452
model updates include model refinements and advanced model roll out.  rwa movements resulting f rom externally regulatorydriven changes e. g.  applying new regulations are considered in the methodology and policy section.  acquisition and disposals is reserved to show significant exposure movements which can be clearly assigned to new businesse s or disposalrelated activities

Score 0.452
changes in the ownership interest in subsidiaries which do not result in a change of control a re treated as transactions between equity holders and are reported in additional paidin capital apic.  noncurrent assets held for sale individual noncurrent assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale if they are available for immed iate sale in their present condition subject only to the customary sales terms of such assets and disposal groups and their sale is considered highly probable.  for a sale to be highly probable management must be committed to a sales plan and be actively looking for a buyer and has no substantive regulatory approvals outstanding.  furthermore the assets and disposal groups must be actively marketed at a reasonable sales price in relation to their current fair value and the sale should be expected to be completed within one year.  noncurrent nonfinancial assets and disposal groups which meet the criteria for held for sale classification are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs of disposal and are presented wit hin other assets and other liabilities in the balance sheet

Score 0.452
there are various circumstances in which cash and cash equivalent balances held by an entity are not available for use by the group.  examples include cash and cash equivalent balances held by a subsidiary that operates in a country where exchange controls or other legal restrictions apply such that the balances are not available for general use by the group or its subsidiaries.  the groups assignment of cash flows to the operating investing or financing category depends on the business model management approach.  for the group the primary operating activity is to manage financial assets and financial liabilities .  therefore the issuance and management of longterm borrowings is a core operating activity which is different than for a nonfinancial company where borrowing is not a principal revenue producing activity and thus is part of the financing category

Score 0.451
investment bank investment bank revenues are expected to be higher in compared to the prior year.  in the division expects the targeted investments made in both fic sales trading and origination advisory in the prior year combined with a broader recovery in origination advisory market to drive improved performance.  fic sales trading revenues are expected to be slightly higher compared to .  rates plans to consolidate its existing position while selectively growing via targeted investments in line with client demand and market opportunities .  the foreign exchange business will look to further technology development in spot and expand its precious metals offering

Score 0.45
the groups objectives in using derivative instruments are to meet customers risk management needs and to manage the groups exposure to risks.  in accordance with the groups accounting policy relating to derivatives and hedge accounting as described in note material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates all derivatives are carrie d at fair value in the balance sheet regardless of whether they are held for trading or nontrading purposes.  derivatives held for sales and marketmaking purposes sales and marketmaking the majority of the groups derivatives transactions relate to sales and marketmaking activities.  sales activities include the structuring and marketing of derivative products to customers to enable them to take transfer modify or reduce current or expected risks.  marketmaking involves quoting bid and offer prices to o ther market participants enabling revenue to be generated based on spreads and volume

Score 0.449
the group believes that a presentation of costincome ratio excluding nonoperating cos ts provides a more meaningful depiction of the costs associated with its operating businesses and of its financial performance.  a detailed overview of nonoperating costs which consist of i impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets ii net litigation charges and iii restructuring and severance is presented in the section adjusted costsnonoperating costs.  in m.  unless stated otherwise net revenues noninterest expenses costincome ratio .

Score 0.449
remaining assets or liabilities are not expected to have material financial impacts going forward and will be included in the normal course of the client segment wealth management bank for entrepreneurs.  the assoc iated disclosure of specific revenues items was discontinued starting in the first quarter of .  asset management reports revenues in the categories management fees performance and transaction fees and other.  corporate other includes revenues costs and resources held centrally that are not allocated to the individual business segments as well as valuation and timing differences that arise on derivatives used to hedge the groups balance sheet.  these are accounting impacts and valuation losses are expected to be recovered over time as the underlying instruments approach maturity

Score 0.448
fic sales trading revenues are expected to be slightly higher compared to .  rates plans to consolidate its existing position while selectively growing via targeted investments in line with client demand and market opportunities .  the foreign exchange business will look to further technology development in spot and expand its precious metals offering.  the global emerging markets business will continue to further develop its onshore capabilities for example building on the develop ment of latin america and client workflow solutions globally while selectively expanding its product offering.  credit trading int ends to build on the turnaround in performance seen in the flow business in

Score 0.448
net revenues relating to funding and liquidity were negative million in versus negative million in .  noninterest expenses were million in a redu ction of million or compared to .  the reduction was primarily driven by positive million litigation releases in compared to a charge of million in .  expenses associated with shareholder activities as defined in the oecd transfer pricing guidelines not allocated to the business divisions were million in versus million in .  noncontrolling interests are deducted from the profit before tax of the divisions and reversed in corporate other

Score 0.448
g.  the expected frequency and volume of sales and qualitative factors such as how the performance of the business model and the financial assets held within that busines s model are evaluated and reported to the groups key management personnel.  in addition to taking into consideration the risks that affec t the performance of the business model and the financial assets held within that business model in particular the wa y in which those market and credit risks are managed and how managers of the business are compensated e. g.  whether the compensation is based on the fair value of the assets managed or on the contractual cash flows collected

Score 0.447
rates plans to consolidate its existing position while selectively growing via targeted investments in line with client demand and market opportunities .  the foreign exchange business will look to further technology development in spot and expand its precious metals offering.  the global emerging markets business will continue to further develop its onshore capabilities for example building on the develop ment of latin america and client workflow solutions globally while selectively expanding its product offering.  credit trading int ends to build on the turnaround in performance seen in the flow business in .  the financing business will continue to opti mize the effective deployment of resources and look to maintain our top ranking globally

Score 0.447
commission and fee income and expense commission and fee income commission and fee expense net commissions and fee income disaggregation of revenues by product type and business segment dec in m.  unless stated otherwise corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management corporate other total consolidated major type of services commissions for administration commissions for assets under management commissions for other securities underwriting and advisory fees brokerage fees commissions for local payments commissions for foreign commercial business commissions for foreign currencyexchange business commissions for loan processing and guarantees intermediary fees fees for sundry other customer services total fee and commissions income gross expense net fees and commissions dec in m.  unless stated otherwise corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management corporate other total consolidated major type of services commissions for administration commissions for assets under management commissions for other securities underwriting and advisory fees brokerage fees commissions for local payments commissions for foreign commercial business commissions for foreign currencyexchange business commissions for loan processing and guarantees intermediary fees fees for sundry other customer services total fee and commissions income gross expense net fees and commissions prior years comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year deutsche bank notes to the consolidated income statement annual report commissions and fee income dec in m.  unless stated otherwise corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management corporate other total consolidated major type of services commissions for administration commissions for assets under management commissions for other securities underwriting and advisory fees brokerage fees commissions for local payments commissions for foreign commercial business commissions for foreign currencyexchange business commissions for loan processing and guarantees intermediary fees fees for sundry other customer services total fee and commissions income gross expense net fees and commissions prior years comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year revenue is recognized when performance obligations are satisfied.  performance obligation is satisfied by fund performance exceeding a hurdle rate an agreed minimum annual return provided to investors

Score 0.447
fo r risk management purposes operational risk includes legal risk as payments to customers counterparties and regulatory bodies in civil litigations or regulatory enforcement matters constitute loss events for operational shortcomings but excludes busi ness and reputational risk.  civil litigation provisions arise out of current or potential claims or proceedings alleging noncompliance with contractual or other legal or regulatory responsibilities which have resulted or may result in demands from customer s counterparties or other parties in civil litigations.  regulatory enforcement provisions arise out of current or potential claims or proceedings alleging noncompliance with legal or regulatory responsibilities which have resulted or may result in an assessment of fines or penalties by governmental regulatory agencies selfregula tory organizations or other enforcement authorities.  restructuring provisions arise out of restructuring activities.  the group aims to enhance its longterm competitiveness through major reductions in costs duplication and complexity in the years ahead

Score 0.447
helier ancillary services undertaking kelona invest s. l.  madrid other enterprise kelsey street llc wilmington ancillary services undertaking .  kh kitty hall holdings limited galway financial institution kratus inversiones designated activity company dublin financial institution ledyard s. l

Score 0.447
the group recognizes revenue from these services over ti me by measuring the progress towards complete satisfaction of that performance obligation subject to the removal of any uncertainty as to whether it is highly probable th at a significant reversal in the cumulative amount of revenue recognized would occur or not.  commissions and fee income predominantly earned from providing services at a point in time or transactiontype services include other securities underwriting and advisory fees brokerage fees local payments foreign currency exchange busines s and intermediary fees.  expenses that are directly related and incremental to the generation of commissions and fee income are presented net in commissions and fee income in the consolidated statement of income.  this includes income and associated expense where the group contractually owns the performance obligation i. e

Score 0.445
since the groups business activities are diverse in nature and its operations are integrated certain estimates and judgment s have been made to apportion revenue and expense items among the business segments.  the management reporting systems allocate the groups external net interest income according to the value of funding consumed or provided by each business segments activities in accordance with the banks internal funds transfer pricing framework.  furthermore to retain comparability with those competitors that have legally independent units with their own equity funding the group allocates a net notional interest benefit on i ts consolidated capital in line with each segments proportion of average shareholders equity.  management uses certain measures for equity and related ratios as part of its internal reporting system because it believes that these measures provide it wit h a useful indication of the financial performance of the business segments.  the group discloses such measures to provide investors and analysts with further insight into how management operates the groups businesses and to enable them to better understan d the groups results

Score 0.444
in accordance with the groups accounting policy relating to derivatives and hedge accounting as described in note material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates all derivatives are carrie d at fair value in the balance sheet regardless of whether they are held for trading or nontrading purposes.  derivatives held for sales and marketmaking purposes sales and marketmaking the majority of the groups derivatives transactions relate to sales and marketmaking activities.  sales activities include the structuring and marketing of derivative products to customers to enable them to take transfer modify or reduce current or expected risks.  marketmaking involves quoting bid and offer prices to o ther market participants enabling revenue to be generated based on spreads and volume.  risk management the group uses derivatives in order to reduce its exposure to market risks as part of its asset and liability management

Score 0.443
infrastructure .  .  .  corporate other .

Score 0.443
commissions and fee income predominantly earned from providing services at a point in time or transactiontype services include other securities underwriting and advisory fees brokerage fees local payments foreign currency exchange busines s and intermediary fees.  expenses that are directly related and incremental to the generation of commissions and fee income are presented net in commissions and fee income in the consolidated statement of income.  this includes income and associated expense where the group contractually owns the performance obligation i. e.  as principal in relation to the service that gives rise to the revenue and associated expense

Score 0.442
the decrease in assets during the period are driven by net transfers between level and level due to changes in the observability of input parameters used to value these instruments and settlements partially offset by gains.  the decrease in liabilities during the period are driven by net transfers between level and level due to changes in the observability of input parameters used to value these in struments and settlements partially offset by losses.  other trading instruments classified in level of the fair value hierarchy mainly consist of traded loans valued using valuation models based on one or more significant unobservable parameters.  the in crease in the period is driven by purchases and issuances net transfers between level and level due to changes in the observability of input parameters used to value these instruments and gains partially offset by sales and settlements.  nontrading f inancial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss classified in level of fair value hierarchy include any nontrading financial asset that does not fall into the hold to collect nor hold to collect and sell business models

Score 0.441
.  infrastructure .  .  .  corporate other

Score 0.441
the groups business operations are organized under the following divisional structure corporate bank investment bank private bank and asset management.  the corporate divisions are considered cgus.  please also refer to note business segments and related information for more info rmation regarding changes in the presentation of segment disclosures.  goodwill allocated to cashgenerating units in m.  investment bank corporate bank asset manage ment private bank total balance as of january goodwill acquired during the year purchase accounting adjustments transfers reclassification from to held for sale goodwill related to dispositions without being classified as held for sale impairment losses exchange rate changesother balance as of december gross amount of goodwill accumulated impairment losses balance as of january goodwill acquired during the year purchase accounting adjustments transfers reclassification from to held for sale goodwill related to dispositions without being classified as held for sale impairment losses exchange rate changesother balance as of december gross amount of goodwill accumulated impairment losses impairment losses of goodwill are recorded as impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets in the income statement following the acquisition of numis corporation plc on october see note the purchase price allocation for the business combination resulted in the recognition of goodwill for million which was allocated to the investment bank cgu

Score 0.441
as part of this assessment the group considers quantitative factors e. g.  the expected frequency and volume of sales and qualitative factors such as how the performance of the business model and the financial assets held within that busines s model are evaluated and reported to the groups key management personnel.  in addition to taking into consideration the risks that affec t the performance of the business model and the financial assets held within that business model in particular the wa y in which those market and credit risks are managed and how managers of the business are compensated e. g

Score 0.44
the major classification difference relates to noncontrolling interest which represents the net share of minority shareholders in revenues provision for credit losses noninterest expenses and income tax expenses.  noncontrolling interest is reported as a component of the profit before tax of the busine sses in management reporting with a reversal in corporate other and a component of net income appropriation under ifrs.  since the groups business activities are diverse in nature and its operations are integrated certain estimates and judgment s have been made to apportion revenue and expense items among the business segments.  the management reporting systems allocate the groups external net interest income according to the value of funding consumed or provided by each business segments activities in accordance with the banks internal funds transfer pricing framework.  furthermore to retain comparability with those competitors that have legally independent units with their own equity funding the group allocates a net notional interest benefit on i ts consolidated capital in line with each segments proportion of average shareholders equity

Score 0.439
the largest valuation differences relate to measurement at fair value in man agement reporting versus measurement at amortized cost under ifrs and to the recognition of trading results from own shares in revenues in management reporting in investment bank and in equity under ifrs.  the major classification difference relates to noncontrolling interest which represents the net share of minority shareholders in revenues provision for credit losses noninterest expenses and income tax expenses.  noncontrolling interest is reported as a component of the profit before tax of the busine sses in management reporting with a reversal in corporate other and a component of net income appropriation under ifrs.  since the groups business activities are diverse in nature and its operations are integrated certain estimates and judgment s have been made to apportion revenue and expense items among the business segments.  the management reporting systems allocate the groups external net interest income according to the value of funding consumed or provided by each business segments activities in accordance with the banks internal funds transfer pricing framework

Score 0.438
transactions not considered to result in an ongoing involvement include normal warranties on fraudulent activities that could invalidate a transfer in the e vent of legal action qualifying passthrough arrangements and standard trustee or administrative fees that are not linked to performance.  the impact on the groups balance sheet of ongoing involvement associated with transferred assets derecognized in full dec dec in m.  carrying value fair value maximum exposure to loss carrying value fair value maximum exposure to loss loans at amortized cost securitization notes other total loans at amortized cost financial assets held at fair value through profit or loss securitization notes nonstandard interest rate crosscurrency or inflationlinked swap total financial assets held at fair value through profit or loss financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income securitization notes other total financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income total financial assets representing ongoing involvement financial liabilities held at fair value through profit or loss nonstandard interest rate crosscurrency or inflationlinked swap total financial liabilities representing ongoing involvement the maximum exposure to loss is defined as the carrying value plus the notional value of any undrawn loan commitments not rec ognized as liabilities the impact on the groups statement of income of ongoing involvement associated with transferred assets derecognized in full dec dec in m.  yearto date pl cumulative pl gainloss on disposal yearto date pl cumulative pl gainloss on disposal securitization notes nonstandard interest rate crosscurrency or inflationlinked swap net gainslosses recognized from ongoing involvement in derecognized assets deutsche bank notes to the consolidated balance sheet annual report transfer of financial assets assets pledged and received as collateral the group pledges assets primarily as collateral against secured funding and for repurchase agreements securities borrowing agreements as well as other borrowing arrangements and for margining purposes on otc derivative liabilities.  pledges are generally conducted under terms that are usual and customary for standard securitized borrowing contracts and other transactions described

Score 0.438
billion in a reduction of year on year.  this reduction was primarily driven by legacy portfolios reflecting lower internal service charges and a decline in direct compensation and noncompensation costs.  expenses associated with shareholder activities a s defined in the oecd transfer pricing guidelines not allocated to the business divisions were million in versus million in .  noncontrolling interests are deducted from the profit before tax of the divisions and reversed in corporate other.  these amounted to million in compared to million in mainly related to dws

Score 0.436
grundstücksgesellschaft köln oppenheimstraße gbr troisdorf ancillary services undertaking .  grundstücksgesellschaft wiesbaden luisenstraßekirchgasse gbr troisdorf other enterprise .  immobilienfonds bürocenter erfurt am flughafen bindersleben i gbr troisdorf other enterprise .  immobilienfonds wohn und geschäftshaus kölnblumenberg v gbr troisdorf other enterprise .  istron beteiligungs und verwaltungsgmbh cologne ancillary services undertaking

Score 0.436
the infrastructure functions are organized into the following areas of responsibility linked to a dedicated member of the management board chief executive office chief financial office chief risk office chief administration office technology data and innovation chief operating office cb ib operations and controls infrastructure also includes communications corporate social responsibility chief sustainability office regional management group audit legal business selection and conflicts office compliance anti financial crime global procurement global real estate and human resources.  for and costs relating to infrastructure functions were allocated using an actual to plan approach.  from the first quarter of the bank introduced a driverbased cost management methodology for the allocation of costs originated in applicable infrastructure functions.  the new approach aims to provide transparency over the drivers of infrastructure costs and links costs closely to service consumption by segments.  whilst in the allocations to the corporate divi sions continued to be based on planned allocations except for technology development costs which are charged to divisions based on actual expenditures from infrastructure costs will all be charged to divisions based on actual costs and service consu mption in support of the banks continued focus on cost discipline

Score 0.436
unless stated otherwise in m.  in in m.  in net revenues fixed income currency fic sales trading debt origination equity origination advisory origination advisory other nm nm total net revenues provision for credit losses nm noninterest expenses compensation and benefits general and administrative expenses impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets nm nm restructuring activities nm total noninterest expenses noncontrolling interests nm profit loss before tax employees front office fulltime equivalent employees businessaligned operations fulltime equivalent employees allocated central infrastructure fulltime equivalent total employees fulltime equivalent total assets in bn riskweighted assets in bn of which operational risk rwa in bn leverage exposure in bn deposits in bn loans gross of allowance for loan losses in bn costincome ratio .  .

Score 0.436
.  asset management am .  .  .  infrastructure

Score 0.436
fondo privado de titulizacin pymes i designated activity company dublin other enterprise freddie mac class a taxable multifamily m certificates series m mclean ancillary services undertaking .  freddie mac class a taxable multifamily m certificates series m mclean ancillary services undertaking .  freddie mac class a taxable multifamily m certificates series m mclean ancillary services undertaking .  freddie mac class a taxable multifamily m certificates series m mclean ancillary services undertaking .  freddie mac class a taxable multifamily m certificates series m mclean ancillary services undertaking

Score 0.435
revenues related to valuation and timing differences were positive million in compared to negative million in the yearonyear improvement driven by market moves and the reversion of prior period losses.  net revenues relating to funding and liquidity were negative million in versus negative million in .  noninterest expenses were million in a redu ction of million or compared to .  the reduction was primarily driven by positive million litigation releases in compared to a charge of million in .  expenses associated with shareholder activities as defined in the oecd transfer pricing guidelines not allocated to the business divisions were million in versus million in

Score 0.435
segmental results of operations the following tables present the results of the groups business segments including the reconciliation to the consolidated results of operations under ifrs.  in m.  unless stated otherwise corporate bank investment bank private bank asset manage ment corporate other total consolidated net revenues provision for credit losses noninterest expenses compensation and benefits general and administrative expenses impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets restructuring activities total noninterest expenses noncontrolling interests profit loss before tax assets in bn loans gross of allowance for loan losses in bn additions to noncurrent assets deposits in bn average allocated shareholders equity riskweighted assets in bn of which operational risk rwa in bn leverage exposure in bn employees fulltime equivalent posttax return on average shareholders equity .  .

Score 0.434
the information for corporate other is presented on a global level only as management responsibility for corporate o ther is held centrally.  in m.  germany corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management total germany uk corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management total uk rest of europe middle east and africa corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management total rest of europe middle east and africa americas primarily united states corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management total americas asiapacific corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management total asiapacific corporate other consolidated net revenues prior years comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year consolidated net revenues comprise interest and similar income interest expenses and total noninterest income including net commission and fee income revenues are attributed to countries based on the location in which the groups booking office is located the location of a transaction o n the groups books is sometimes different from the location of the headquarters or other offices of a customer and di fferent from the location of the groups personnel who entered into or facilitated the transaction where the group records a transaction involving its staff and customers and other third parties in different locations frequently depen ds on other considera tions such as the nature of the transaction regulatory considerations and transaction processing considerations deutsche bank notes to the consolidated income statement annual report net interest income and net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss notes to the consolidated income statement net interest income and net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value throu gh profit or loss net interest income in m.  interest and similar income interest income on cash and central bank balances interest income on interbank balances wo central banks central bank funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements loans other total interest and similar income from assets measured at amortized cost interest income on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income total interest and similar income calculated using the effective interest method financial assets at fair value through profit or loss total interest and similar income thereof negative interest expense on financial liabilities interest expense interestbearing deposits central bank funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements other shortterm borrowings longterm debt trust preferred securities other total interest expense measured at amortized cost financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss total interest expense thereof negative interest income on financial assets net interest income impact of ecb targeted longerterm refinancing operations tltro iii program the governing council of the ecb decided on a number of modifications to the terms and conditions of its tltro iiirefinancing program starting in the second quarter of in order to support funding of credit to households and firms and the economic disruption due to covid.  the group considered the initia l benefits that arose from borrowing under tltro iii as government grant from a belowmarket loan under ias and recognizes subsequent benefits in accordance ifrs

Score 0.434
in the normal course of business the group enters into a variety of derivative transactions for sales marketmaking and risk management purposes.  the groups objectives in using derivative instruments are to meet customers risk management needs and to manage the groups exposure to risks.  in accordance with the groups accounting policy relating to derivatives and hedge accounting as described in note material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates all derivatives are carrie d at fair value in the balance sheet regardless of whether they are held for trading or nontrading purposes.  derivatives held for sales and marketmaking purposes sales and marketmaking the majority of the groups derivatives transactions relate to sales and marketmaking activities.  sales activities include the structuring and marketing of derivative products to customers to enable them to take transfer modify or reduce current or expected risks

Score 0.433
u.  madrid ancillary services undertaking .  db chestnut holdings limited george town ancillary services undertaking .  db commodity financing limited london ancillary services undertaking .  db corporate advisory malaysia sdn

Score 0.433
unless stated otherwise corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management corporate other total consolidated major type of services commissions for administration commissions for assets under management commissions for other securities underwriting and advisory fees brokerage fees commissions for local payments commissions for foreign commercial business commissions for foreign currencyexchange business commissions for loan processing and guarantees intermediary fees fees for sundry other customer services total fee and commissions income gross expense net fees and commissions prior years comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year revenue is recognized when performance obligations are satisfied.  performance obligation is satisfied by fund performance exceeding a hurdle rate an agreed minimum annual return provided to investors.  as of december there were performance obligat ions to be satisfied of million with a time band of three years from to as of december million with a time band of three years from to from alternative funds.  the decrease o f performance obligations to be satisfied was mainly driven by decline in the real estate valuations due to market conditions.  as of december and december the groups balance of receivables from commission and fee income was million and million respectively

Score 0.432
the remaining portfolio resources and employees are reported within the corporate other segment.  in line with the change the cor e bank which previously represented the group excluding the capital release unit ceased to be reported as of the first quarter of .  in addition based on management decisions during the reporting period further divisional changes were introduced.  the prior years segmental information is presented in the current structure.  measurement of segment profit or loss segment reporting requires a presentation of the segment results based on management reporting methods including a reconciliation between th e results of the business segments and the consolidated financial statements which is presented in the segment results of operations section within this note

Score 0.432
noncurrent assets held for sale individual noncurrent assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale if they are available for immed iate sale in their present condition subject only to the customary sales terms of such assets and disposal groups and their sale is considered highly probable.  for a sale to be highly probable management must be committed to a sales plan and be actively looking for a buyer and has no substantive regulatory approvals outstanding.  furthermore the assets and disposal groups must be actively marketed at a reasonable sales price in relation to their current fair value and the sale should be expected to be completed within one year.  noncurrent nonfinancial assets and disposal groups which meet the criteria for held for sale classification are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs of disposal and are presented wit hin other assets and other liabilities in the balance sheet.  financial assets and liabilities meeting the criteria continue to b e measured in accordance with ifrs

Score 0.432
the following table presents total net revenues before provision for credit losses by geographic area for the years ended december and respectively.  the information presented for corporate bank investment bank private bank and asset management has been classified based primarily on the location of the groups office in which the revenues are recorded.  the information for corporate other is presented on a global level only as management responsibility for corporate o ther is held centrally.  in m.  germany corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management total germany uk corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management total uk rest of europe middle east and africa corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management total rest of europe middle east and africa americas primarily united states corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management total americas asiapacific corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management total asiapacific corporate other consolidated net revenues prior years comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year consolidated net revenues comprise interest and similar income interest expenses and total noninterest income including net commission and fee income revenues are attributed to countries based on the location in which the groups booking office is located the location of a transaction o n the groups books is sometimes different from the location of the headquarters or other offices of a customer and di fferent from the location of the groups personnel who entered into or facilitated the transaction where the group records a transaction involving its staff and customers and other third parties in different locations frequently depen ds on other considera tions such as the nature of the transaction regulatory considerations and transaction processing considerations deutsche bank notes to the consolidated income statement annual report net interest income and net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss notes to the consolidated income statement net interest income and net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value throu gh profit or loss net interest income in m

Score 0.432
hold to collect and sell financial assets held with the objective of both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets.  they are recorded as financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income on the groups consolidated balance sheet.  other financial assets that do not meet the criteria of either hold to collect or hold to collect and sell.  they are recorded as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss on the groups consolidated balance sheet.  the assessment of business model requires judgment based on facts and circumstances upon initial recognition

Score 0.432
in m.  germany corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management total germany uk corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management total uk rest of europe middle east and africa corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management total rest of europe middle east and africa americas primarily united states corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management total americas asiapacific corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management total asiapacific corporate other consolidated net revenues prior years comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year consolidated net revenues comprise interest and similar income interest expenses and total noninterest income including net commission and fee income revenues are attributed to countries based on the location in which the groups booking office is located the location of a transaction o n the groups books is sometimes different from the location of the headquarters or other offices of a customer and di fferent from the location of the groups personnel who entered into or facilitated the transaction where the group records a transaction involving its staff and customers and other third parties in different locations frequently depen ds on other considera tions such as the nature of the transaction regulatory considerations and transaction processing considerations deutsche bank notes to the consolidated income statement annual report net interest income and net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit or loss notes to the consolidated income statement net interest income and net gains losses on financial assetsliabilities at fair value throu gh profit or loss net interest income in m.  interest and similar income interest income on cash and central bank balances interest income on interbank balances wo central banks central bank funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements loans other total interest and similar income from assets measured at amortized cost interest income on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income total interest and similar income calculated using the effective interest method financial assets at fair value through profit or loss total interest and similar income thereof negative interest expense on financial liabilities interest expense interestbearing deposits central bank funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements other shortterm borrowings longterm debt trust preferred securities other total interest expense measured at amortized cost financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss total interest expense thereof negative interest income on financial assets net interest income impact of ecb targeted longerterm refinancing operations tltro iii program the governing council of the ecb decided on a number of modifications to the terms and conditions of its tltro iiirefinancing program starting in the second quarter of in order to support funding of credit to households and firms and the economic disruption due to covid.  the group considered the initia l benefits that arose from borrowing under tltro iii as government grant from a belowmarket loan under ias and recognizes subsequent benefits in accordance ifrs .  the current interest rate on all remaining tltro iii operations is indexed on the averag e applicable key ecb interest rates from november onward

Score 0.432
immobilienfonds bürocenter erfurt am flughafen bindersleben i gbr troisdorf other enterprise .  immobilienfonds wohn und geschäftshaus kölnblumenberg v gbr troisdorf other enterprise .  istron beteiligungs und verwaltungsgmbh cologne ancillary services undertaking .  ivaf i manager s.  r

Score 0.431
for a sale to be highly probable management must be committed to a sales plan and be actively looking for a buyer and has no substantive regulatory approvals outstanding.  furthermore the assets and disposal groups must be actively marketed at a reasonable sales price in relation to their current fair value and the sale should be expected to be completed within one year.  noncurrent nonfinancial assets and disposal groups which meet the criteria for held for sale classification are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs of disposal and are presented wit hin other assets and other liabilities in the balance sheet.  financial assets and liabilities meeting the criteria continue to b e measured in accordance with ifrs .  the comparatives are not represented when noncurrent assets and disposal groups are classi fied as held for sale

Score 0.431
the decrease o f performance obligations to be satisfied was mainly driven by decline in the real estate valuations due to market conditions.  as of december and december the groups balance of receivables from commission and fee income was million and million respectively.  as of december and december the groups balance of contract liabilities associated to commission and fee income was million and million respectively.  contract liabilities arise from the groups obligation to provide future services to a customer for which it has received consideration from the customer prior to completion of the services.  the balances of receivables and contract liabilities do not vary significantly from period to period reflecting the fact that they predominately relate to recurring service contracts with service periods of le ss than one year such as monthly current account services and quarterly asset management services

Score 0.431
the supervisory board receives reports from the management board within the scope prescribed by law or administrative guidelines in particular on all issues of relevance for the group concerning strategy intended busi ness policy planning business development risk situation risk management staff development reputation and compliance.  furthermore group audit informs the audit committee of any deficiencies identified regularly and in the case of severe deficienci es without undue delay.  in addition the chairman of the supervisory board is informed of any serious findings relating to the members of the management board.  the supervisory board and management board adopted an information regime a general engagement interaction protocol and another engagement interaction protocol specifically for regulatory topics.  these regulate not only the reporting to the supervisory board but also among other things the supervisory boards enquiries and requests for inform ation from employees of the company as well as the exchange of information in connection with preparations for the meetings and between the meetings

Score 0.431
where financial assets are not eligible to be derecognized the transfers are viewed as secured financing transactions with any consideration received resulting in a corresponding liability.  the group is not entitled to use these financial assets for any other purposes.  the most common transactions of this nature entered into by the group are repurchase agreements securities lending agreements and total return swaps in which the group retains substantially all of th e associated credit equity price interest rate and foreign exchange risks and rewards associated with the assets as well as the associated income streams.  information on asset types and associated transactions that did not qualify for derecognition in m.  dec dec carrying amount of transferred assets trading securities not derecognized due to the following transactions repurchase agreements securities lending agreements total return swaps other total trading securities other trading assets nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income loans at amortized cost others total carrying amount of associated liabilities other traded loans where the associated liability is recourse only to the transferred assets had carrying value and fair valu e of million and million as at december and december respectively

Score 0.431
the reduction was primarily driven by positive million litigation releases in compared to a charge of million in .  expenses associated with shareholder activities as defined in the oecd transfer pricing guidelines not allocated to the business divisions were million in versus million in .  noncontrolling interests are deducted from the profit before tax of the divisions and reversed in corporate other.  these amount ed to million in compared to million in mainly related to dws.  corporate other reported a loss before tax of

Score 0.43
as of december and december the groups balance of receivables from commission and fee income was million and million respectively.  as of december and december the groups balance of contract liabilities associated to commission and fee income was million and million respectively.  contract liabilities arise from the groups obligation to provide future services to a customer for which it has received consideration from the customer prior to completion of the services.  the balances of receivables and contract liabilities do not vary significantly from period to period reflecting the fact that they predominately relate to recurring service contracts with service periods of le ss than one year such as monthly current account services and quarterly asset management services.  a s a result prior period balances of contract liabilities are generally recognized in revenue in the subsequent period

Score 0.43
financial assets and liabilities meeting the criteria continue to b e measured in accordance with ifrs .  the comparatives are not represented when noncurrent assets and disposal groups are classi fied as held for sale.  property and equipment property and equipment includes ownuse properties leasehold improvements furniture and equipment and software operating systems only.  rightofuse assets are presented together with property and equipmen t on the groups consolidated balance sheet.  ownuse properties are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses

Score 0.43
new york financial institution .  grundstücksgesellschaft frankfurt bockenheimer landstraße gbr troisdorf other enterprise .  grundstücksgesellschaft kerpensindorf vogelrutherfeld gbr troisdorf other enterprise .  grundstücksgesellschaft köln oppenheimstraße gbr troisdorf ancillary services undertaking .  grundstücksgesellschaft wiesbaden luisenstraßekirchgasse gbr troisdorf other enterprise

Score 0.43
for additional business segment disclosure under ifrs please refer to note business segments and relate d information of the consolidated financial statements.  forwardlooking statements are disclosed in the section outlook in this report.  executive summary global economy economic growth in main driver global economy .  .  the global economy lost some momentum in

Score 0.429
for details of the net revenue components please see management report operating and financial review results of operations corporate divisions.  the following table presents total net revenues before provision for credit losses by geographic area for the years ended december and respectively.  the information presented for corporate bank investment bank private bank and asset management has been classified based primarily on the location of the groups office in which the revenues are recorded.  the information for corporate other is presented on a global level only as management responsibility for corporate o ther is held centrally.  in m

Score 0.429
the net income attributable to noncontrolling interests is separately disclosed on the face of the consolidated statement of income.  changes in the ownership interest in subsidiaries which do not result in a change of control a re treated as transactions between equity holders and are reported in additional paidin capital apic.  noncurrent assets held for sale individual noncurrent assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale if they are available for immed iate sale in their present condition subject only to the customary sales terms of such assets and disposal groups and their sale is considered highly probable.  for a sale to be highly probable management must be committed to a sales plan and be actively looking for a buyer and has no substantive regulatory approvals outstanding.  furthermore the assets and disposal groups must be actively marketed at a reasonable sales price in relation to their current fair value and the sale should be expected to be completed within one year

Score 0.429
this includes income and associated expense where the group contractually owns the performance obligation i. e.  as principal in relation to the service that gives rise to the revenue and associated expense.  in contrast it does not include situations where the group does not contractually own the performance obligation and is acting as agent.  the determination of whether the group is acting as principal or agent is based on the contractual terms of the underlying service arrangement