Scores_l_REAL ESTATE ACTIVITIESScore 0.513
property and equipment property and equipment includes ownuse properties leasehold improvements furniture and equipment and software operating systems only.  rightofuse assets are presented together with property and equipmen t on the groups consolidated balance sheet.  ownuse properties are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.  depreciation is generally recognized using the straightline method over the estimated useful lives of the assets.  the range of estimated useful lives is to years for property and to years for furniture and equipment including initial improvements to purchased buildings

Score 0.513
rightofuse assets are presented together with property and equipmen t on the groups consolidated balance sheet.  ownuse properties are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.  depreciation is generally recognized using the straightline method over the estimated useful lives of the assets.  the range of estimated useful lives is to years for property and to years for furniture and equipment including initial improvements to purchased buildings.  leasehold improvements are capitalized and subsequently depreciated on a strai ghtline basis over the shorter of the term of the lease and the estimated useful life of the improvement which generally ranges from to years

Score 0.511
income recorded in from the sublettin g of rightofuse assets totaled million million .  the total cash outflow for leases for was million million and represented mainly expenditures made for real estate rentals over million million .  of the total cash outflow amount payments of million million were made for the principal portion of lease liabilities payments of million million were made for the interest portion.  total future cash outflows to which the group as a lessee is potentially exposed that are not reflected in the measurement o f the lease liabilities mainly include potential payment exposures arising from extension optio ns .  billion and future payments for leases not yet commenced but to which the group is committed million

Score 0.505
expenses recognized in relating to shortterm leases and leases of lowvalue assets for which the group decided to apply the recognition exemption under ifrs and thus not to record rightofuse assets and corresponding lease liabilities on the balance sheet amounted to million million and million million respectively.  income recorded in from the sublettin g of rightofuse assets totaled million million .  the total cash outflow for leases for was million million and represented mainly expenditures made for real estate rentals over million million .  of the total cash outflow amount payments of million million were made for the principal portion of lease liabilities payments of million million were made for the interest portion.  total future cash outflows to which the group as a lessee is potentially exposed that are not reflected in the measurement o f the lease liabilities mainly include potential payment exposures arising from extension optio ns

Score 0.503
ownuse properties are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.  depreciation is generally recognized using the straightline method over the estimated useful lives of the assets.  the range of estimated useful lives is to years for property and to years for furniture and equipment including initial improvements to purchased buildings.  leasehold improvements are capitalized and subsequently depreciated on a strai ghtline basis over the shorter of the term of the lease and the estimated useful life of the improvement which generally ranges from to years.  depreciation of property and equipment is included in general and administrative expenses

Score 0.502
during additions to rightofuse assets amounted to million and largely reflected new real estate leases.  depreciation charges of million recognized in mainly resulted from planned consumption of rightofuse assets for property leases over their contractual terms.  the carrying amount of rightofuse assets of .  billion included in total property and equipment as of december predominantly represented leased properties of .  billion and vehicle leases of million

Score 0.49
as rightofuse assets do not have independently generated cash flows to calculate its value in use the group considers any sublease income that could reasonably be earned.  after the recognition of impairment of an asset the depreciation charge is adjusted in future periods to reflect the assets revised carrying amount.  if an impairment is later reversed the depreciation charge is adjusted prospectively.  deutsche bank notes to the c onsolidated financial statements annual report material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates the group presents rightofuse assets in property and equipment and lease liabilities in other liabilities.  the group applies the shortterm lease recognition exemption to its shortterm leases i

Score 0.489
the group leases many assets including land and buildings vehicles and it equipment for which it records rightofuse assets.  during additions to rightofuse assets amounted to million and largely reflected new real estate leases.  depreciation charges of million recognized in mainly resulted from planned consumption of rightofuse assets for property leases over their contractual terms.  the carrying amount of rightofuse assets of .  billion included in total property and equipment as of december predominantly represented leased properties of

Score 0.489
the decrease o f performance obligations to be satisfied was mainly driven by decline in the real estate valuations due to market conditions.  as of december and december the groups balance of receivables from commission and fee income was million and million respectively.  as of december and december the groups balance of contract liabilities associated to commission and fee income was million and million respectively.  contract liabilities arise from the groups obligation to provide future services to a customer for which it has received consideration from the customer prior to completion of the services.  the balances of receivables and contract liabilities do not vary significantly from period to period reflecting the fact that they predominately relate to recurring service contracts with service periods of le ss than one year such as monthly current account services and quarterly asset management services

Score 0.485
the carrying value of items of property and equipment on which there is a restriction on sale was million and million as of december and december respectively.  commitments for the acquisition of property and equipment were million at yearend and million at yearend .  the group leases many assets including land and buildings vehicles and it equipment for which it records rightofuse assets.  during additions to rightofuse assets amounted to million and largely reflected new real estate leases.  depreciation charges of million recognized in mainly resulted from planned consumption of rightofuse assets for property leases over their contractual terms

Score 0.484
the groups cre portfolio under the groups cre definition includes exposures reported under the main credit exposure categories by industry sectors for real estate activities nace but also exposures reported under other nace classifications including financial and insurance activities.  within the cre portfolio the group differentiates between recourse and nonrecourse financing.  recourse cre financings typica lly have a lower inherent risk profile based on recourse to creditworthy entities or individuals in addition to mortgage collateral.  recourse cre exposures range from secured recourse lending for business or commercial properties to property companies we alth management clients as well as other private and corporate clients.  nonrecourse financings rely on sources of repayment that are typically limited to the cash flows generated by the financed property and the ability to refinance such loans may be con strained by the underlying property value and income stream generated by such property at the time of refinancing

Score 0.481
generally the bank does not occupy obtained properties for its business use.  collateral obtained during the reporting period in m.  commercial real estate residential real estate other total collateral obtained during the reporting period carrying amount of foreclosed residential real estate properties amounted to million as of december and million as of december the collateral obtained as shown in the table above excludes collateral recorded as a result of consolidating securitizatio n trusts under ifrs .  in and the group obtained million of collateral related to these trusts.  derivatives credit valuation adjustment the bank establishes counterparty credit valuation adjustment cva for otc derivative transactions to cover expect ed credit losses

Score 0.478
the cre portfolio c onsists of lending arrangements originated across various parts of the group and client segments.  the groups cre portfolio under the groups cre definition includes exposures reported under the main credit exposure categories by industry sectors for real estate activities nace but also exposures reported under other nace classifications including financial and insurance activities.  within the cre portfolio the group differentiates between recourse and nonrecourse financing.  recourse cre financings typica lly have a lower inherent risk profile based on recourse to creditworthy entities or individuals in addition to mortgage collateral.  recourse cre exposures range from secured recourse lending for business or commercial properties to property companies we alth management clients as well as other private and corporate clients

Score 0.477
the range of estimated useful lives is to years for property and to years for furniture and equipment including initial improvements to purchased buildings.  leasehold improvements are capitalized and subsequently depreciated on a strai ghtline basis over the shorter of the term of the lease and the estimated useful life of the improvement which generally ranges from to years.  depreciation of property and equipment is included in general and administrative expenses.  maintenance and repairs are also charged to general and administrative expenses.  gains and losses on disposals are included in other income

Score 0.476
g.  changes to future payments resulting from a change in an index or rate used to determine such lease payments.  rightofuse assets are as sessed for any indication of impairment at each quarterly reporting date.  if such indication exists the recoverable amount which is the fair value less costs of disposal must be estimated and an impairment charge is recorde d to the extent the recoverabl e amount is less than the carrying amount.  as rightofuse assets do not have independently generated cash flows to calculate its value in use the group considers any sublease income that could reasonably be earned

Score 0.473
the bank also participates in conservatively underwritten unsecured lines of credit to wellcapitalized real estate investment trusts and other real estate operating companies.  commercial real estate property valuations and rental incomes can be significantly impacted by macroeconomic conditions and idiosyncratic events affecting the underlying properties.  accordingly the portfolio is categorized as higher risk and hence subject to the aforementioned tight restrictions on concentration.  the groups credit exposure to ten largest counterparties accounted for of the banks aggregated total credit exposure in these c ategories as of december compared with as of december .  the top ten counterparty exposures were wellrated counterparties or otherwise related to structured trades which show high levels of risk mitigation

Score 0.47
collateral obtained is made available for sale in an orderly fashion o r through public auctions with the proceeds used to repay or reduce outstanding indebtedness.  generally the bank does not occupy obtained properties for its business use.  collateral obtained during the reporting period in m.  commercial real estate residential real estate other total collateral obtained during the reporting period carrying amount of foreclosed residential real estate properties amounted to million as of december and million as of december the collateral obtained as shown in the table above excludes collateral recorded as a result of consolidating securitizatio n trusts under ifrs .  in and the group obtained million of collateral related to these trusts

Score 0.467
furthermore the assets and disposal groups must be actively marketed at a reasonable sales price in relation to their current fair value and the sale should be expected to be completed within one year.  noncurrent nonfinancial assets and disposal groups which meet the criteria for held for sale classification are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs of disposal and are presented wit hin other assets and other liabilities in the balance sheet.  financial assets and liabilities meeting the criteria continue to b e measured in accordance with ifrs .  the comparatives are not represented when noncurrent assets and disposal groups are classi fied as held for sale.  property and equipment property and equipment includes ownuse properties leasehold improvements furniture and equipment and software operating systems only

Score 0.467
the comparatives are not represented when noncurrent assets and disposal groups are classi fied as held for sale.  property and equipment property and equipment includes ownuse properties leasehold improvements furniture and equipment and software operating systems only.  rightofuse assets are presented together with property and equipmen t on the groups consolidated balance sheet.  ownuse properties are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.  depreciation is generally recognized using the straightline method over the estimated useful lives of the assets

Score 0.464
depreciation charges of million recognized in mainly resulted from planned consumption of rightofuse assets for property leases over their contractual terms.  the carrying amount of rightofuse assets of .  billion included in total property and equipment as of december predominantly represented leased properties of .  billion and vehicle leases of million .  for more information on the groups leased properties and related disclosures required under ifrs please refer to note leases

Score 0.463
owner occupied properties furniture and equipment leasehold improvements constructioninprogress property and equipment owned ias rightofuse for leased assets ifrs total cost of acquisition balance as of january changes in the group of consolidated companies additions transfers reclassifications tofrom held for sale disposals exchange rate changes balance as of december changes in the group of consolidated companies additions transfers reclassifications tofrom held for sale disposals exchange rate changes balance as of december accumulated depreciation and impairment balance as of january changes in the group of consolidated companies depreciation impairment losses reversals of impairment losses transfers reclassifications tofrom held for sale disposals exchange rate changes balance as of december changes in the group of consolidated companies depreciation impairment losses reversals of impairment losses transfers reclassifications tofrom held for sale disposals exchange rate changes balance as of december carrying amount balance as of december balance as of december deutsche bank notes to the consolidated balance sheet annual report property and equipment depreciation expenses impairment losses and reversal of impairment losses on property and equipment are recorded within general and administrative expenses for the income statement.  the carrying value of items of property and equipment on which there is a restriction on sale was million and million as of december and december respectively.  commitments for the acquisition of property and equipment were million at yearend and million at yearend .  the group leases many assets including land and buildings vehicles and it equipment for which it records rightofuse assets.  during additions to rightofuse assets amounted to million and largely reflected new real estate leases

Score 0.463
mezzanine or other junior tranches of debt are retained only in exceptional cases.  the bank also participates in conservatively underwritten unsecured lines of credit to wellcapitalized real estate investment trusts and other real estate operating companies.  commercial real estate property valuations and rental incomes can be significantly impacted by macroeconomic conditions and idiosyncratic events affecting the underlying properties.  accordingly the portfolio is categorized as higher risk and hence subject to the aforementioned tight restrictions on concentration.  the groups credit exposure to ten largest counterparties accounted for of the banks aggregated total credit exposure in these c ategories as of december compared with as of december

Score 0.46
the group leases many assets including land and buildings vehicles and it equipment.  the group is a lessee for the majority of its offices and branches under longterm rental agreements.  most of the lease contracts are made unde r usual terms and conditions which means they include options to extend the lease by a defined amount of time price adjustment clauses and escalation clauses in line with general office rental market conditions.  however the lease agreements do not inclu de any clauses that impose any restriction on the groups ability to pay dividends engage in debt financing transactions or enter i nto further lease agreements.  as of december december the group recorded rightofuse assets on its ba lance sheet with a carrying amount of

Score 0.459
commitments for the acquisition of property and equipment were million at yearend and million at yearend .  the group leases many assets including land and buildings vehicles and it equipment for which it records rightofuse assets.  during additions to rightofuse assets amounted to million and largely reflected new real estate leases.  depreciation charges of million recognized in mainly resulted from planned consumption of rightofuse assets for property leases over their contractual terms.  the carrying amount of rightofuse assets of

Score 0.457
depreciation is generally recognized using the straightline method over the estimated useful lives of the assets.  the range of estimated useful lives is to years for property and to years for furniture and equipment including initial improvements to purchased buildings.  leasehold improvements are capitalized and subsequently depreciated on a strai ghtline basis over the shorter of the term of the lease and the estimated useful life of the improvement which generally ranges from to years.  depreciation of property and equipment is included in general and administrative expenses.  maintenance and repairs are also charged to general and administrative expenses

Score 0.457
the total cash outflow for leases for was million million and represented mainly expenditures made for real estate rentals over million million .  of the total cash outflow amount payments of million million were made for the principal portion of lease liabilities payments of million million were made for the interest portion.  total future cash outflows to which the group as a lessee is potentially exposed that are not reflected in the measurement o f the lease liabilities mainly include potential payment exposures arising from extension optio ns .  billion and future payments for leases not yet commenced but to which the group is committed million .  their expected maturities are shown in the table below

Score 0.456
financial assets and liabilities meeting the criteria continue to b e measured in accordance with ifrs .  the comparatives are not represented when noncurrent assets and disposal groups are classi fied as held for sale.  property and equipment property and equipment includes ownuse properties leasehold improvements furniture and equipment and software operating systems only.  rightofuse assets are presented together with property and equipmen t on the groups consolidated balance sheet.  ownuse properties are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses

Score 0.455
in addition the carrying amount of lease liab ilities is remeasured if there is a modification a change in the lease term or a change in the lease payments e. g.  changes to future payments resulting from a change in an index or rate used to determine such lease payments.  rightofuse assets are as sessed for any indication of impairment at each quarterly reporting date.  if such indication exists the recoverable amount which is the fair value less costs of disposal must be estimated and an impairment charge is recorde d to the extent the recoverabl e amount is less than the carrying amount

Score 0.455
leasehold improvements are capitalized and subsequently depreciated on a strai ghtline basis over the shorter of the term of the lease and the estimated useful life of the improvement which generally ranges from to years.  depreciation of property and equipment is included in general and administrative expenses.  maintenance and repairs are also charged to general and administrative expenses.  gains and losses on disposals are included in other income.  property and equipment are assessed for any indication of impairment at each quarterly reporting date

Score 0.454
depreciation of property and equipment is included in general and administrative expenses.  maintenance and repairs are also charged to general and administrative expenses.  gains and losses on disposals are included in other income.  property and equipment are assessed for any indication of impairment at each quarterly reporting date.  if such indication exists the recoverable amount which is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use must be estimated and an impairment charge is recorded to the extent the recoverable amount is less than the carrying amount

Score 0.453
extensions of terms which i n many cases are classified as forbearance triggering stage classification under ifrs but are not always modifications according under ifrs.  however in certain cases no agreement can be reached on loan extensions or loan amendments and the borrower s inability to obtain refinancing leads to a default.  this has resulted in higher stage ecl for compared to and there is continued uncertainty with respect to future defaults and the timing of a recovery in the cre markets.  the cre portfolio c onsists of lending arrangements originated across various parts of the group and client segments.  the groups cre portfolio under the groups cre definition includes exposures reported under the main credit exposure categories by industry sectors for real estate activities nace but also exposures reported under other nace classifications including financial and insurance activities

Score 0.452
european real estate transformation fund s. c. a.  sicavraif luxembourg other enterprise .  fondo privado de titulizacin pymes i designated activity company dublin other enterprise freddie mac class a taxable multifamily m certificates series m mclean ancillary services undertaking

Score 0.451
commercial real estate property valuations and rental incomes can be significantly impacted by macroeconomic conditions and idiosyncratic events affecting the underlying properties.  accordingly the portfolio is categorized as higher risk and hence subject to the aforementioned tight restrictions on concentration.  the groups credit exposure to ten largest counterparties accounted for of the banks aggregated total credit exposure in these c ategories as of december compared with as of december .  the top ten counterparty exposures were wellrated counterparties or otherwise related to structured trades which show high levels of risk mitigation.  deutsche banks exposure to financial and insurance activities is

Score 0.451
the group is a lessee for the majority of its offices and branches under longterm rental agreements.  most of the lease contracts are made unde r usual terms and conditions which means they include options to extend the lease by a defined amount of time price adjustment clauses and escalation clauses in line with general office rental market conditions.  however the lease agreements do not inclu de any clauses that impose any restriction on the groups ability to pay dividends engage in debt financing transactions or enter i nto further lease agreements.  as of december december the group recorded rightofuse assets on its ba lance sheet with a carrying amount of .  billion

Score 0.45
however in certain cases no agreement can be reached on loan extensions or loan amendments and the borrower s inability to obtain refinancing leads to a default.  this has resulted in higher stage ecl for compared to and there is continued uncertainty with respect to future defaults and the timing of a recovery in the cre markets.  the cre portfolio c onsists of lending arrangements originated across various parts of the group and client segments.  the groups cre portfolio under the groups cre definition includes exposures reported under the main credit exposure categories by industry sectors for real estate activities nace but also exposures reported under other nace classifications including financial and insurance activities.  within the cre portfolio the group differentiates between recourse and nonrecourse financing

Score 0.45
the group as the secured party has the right to sell or repledge such collateral subject to the group returning equivalent securities upon completion of the transaction.  this righ t is used primarily to cover short sales securities loaned and securities sold under repurchase agreements.  fair value of collateral received in m.  dec dec securities and other financial assets accepted as collateral of which collateral sold or repledged deutsche bank notes to the consolidated balance sheet annual report property and equipment property and equipment in m.  owner occupied properties furniture and equipment leasehold improvements constructioninprogress property and equipment owned ias rightofuse for leased assets ifrs total cost of acquisition balance as of january changes in the group of consolidated companies additions transfers reclassifications tofrom held for sale disposals exchange rate changes balance as of december changes in the group of consolidated companies additions transfers reclassifications tofrom held for sale disposals exchange rate changes balance as of december accumulated depreciation and impairment balance as of january changes in the group of consolidated companies depreciation impairment losses reversals of impairment losses transfers reclassifications tofrom held for sale disposals exchange rate changes balance as of december changes in the group of consolidated companies depreciation impairment losses reversals of impairment losses transfers reclassifications tofrom held for sale disposals exchange rate changes balance as of december carrying amount balance as of december balance as of december deutsche bank notes to the consolidated balance sheet annual report property and equipment depreciation expenses impairment losses and reversal of impairment losses on property and equipment are recorded within general and administrative expenses for the income statement

Score 0.45
the carrying amount of rightofuse assets of .  billion included in total property and equipment as of december predominantly represented leased properties of .  billion and vehicle leases of million .  for more information on the groups leased properties and related disclosures required under ifrs please refer to note leases.  deutsche bank notes to the consolidated balance sheet annual report leases leases the groups di sclosures are as a lessee under lease arrangements covering property and equipment

Score 0.447
office loan segment was as of december versus as of december .  ltv calculations are based on latest e xternally appraised values which are additionally subject to regular interim internal adjustments.  while the group is updating cre collateral values where applicable such values and their underlying assumptions are subject to a higher degree of fluctuatio n and uncertainty in the current environment of heightened market volatility and reduced market liquidity.  a continuation of the current stressed market conditions could have a further advers e impact on commercial real estate property values and ltv ratios .  stage classification and provisioning levels are primarily based on the groups assessment of a borrowers ability to generat e recurring cash flows its ability to obtain refinancing at the loans maturity and an assessment of the financed propertys collateral value

Score 0.446
changes to future payments resulting from a change in an index or rate used to determine such lease payments.  rightofuse assets are as sessed for any indication of impairment at each quarterly reporting date.  if such indication exists the recoverable amount which is the fair value less costs of disposal must be estimated and an impairment charge is recorde d to the extent the recoverabl e amount is less than the carrying amount.  as rightofuse assets do not have independently generated cash flows to calculate its value in use the group considers any sublease income that could reasonably be earned.  after the recognition of impairment of an asset the depreciation charge is adjusted in future periods to reflect the assets revised carrying amount

Score 0.444
noncurrent nonfinancial assets and disposal groups which meet the criteria for held for sale classification are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs of disposal and are presented wit hin other assets and other liabilities in the balance sheet.  financial assets and liabilities meeting the criteria continue to b e measured in accordance with ifrs .  the comparatives are not represented when noncurrent assets and disposal groups are classi fied as held for sale.  property and equipment property and equipment includes ownuse properties leasehold improvements furniture and equipment and software operating systems only.  rightofuse assets are presented together with property and equipmen t on the groups consolidated balance sheet

Score 0.441
this righ t is used primarily to cover short sales securities loaned and securities sold under repurchase agreements.  fair value of collateral received in m.  dec dec securities and other financial assets accepted as collateral of which collateral sold or repledged deutsche bank notes to the consolidated balance sheet annual report property and equipment property and equipment in m.  owner occupied properties furniture and equipment leasehold improvements constructioninprogress property and equipment owned ias rightofuse for leased assets ifrs total cost of acquisition balance as of january changes in the group of consolidated companies additions transfers reclassifications tofrom held for sale disposals exchange rate changes balance as of december changes in the group of consolidated companies additions transfers reclassifications tofrom held for sale disposals exchange rate changes balance as of december accumulated depreciation and impairment balance as of january changes in the group of consolidated companies depreciation impairment losses reversals of impairment losses transfers reclassifications tofrom held for sale disposals exchange rate changes balance as of december changes in the group of consolidated companies depreciation impairment losses reversals of impairment losses transfers reclassifications tofrom held for sale disposals exchange rate changes balance as of december carrying amount balance as of december balance as of december deutsche bank notes to the consolidated balance sheet annual report property and equipment depreciation expenses impairment losses and reversal of impairment losses on property and equipment are recorded within general and administrative expenses for the income statement.  the carrying value of items of property and equipment on which there is a restriction on sale was million and million as of december and december respectively

Score 0.439
billion to real estate activities as reported above is based on nace code classification and comprises of recourse and nonrecourse financing across various parts of the group and client segment.  this includes .  billion of loans which is based on deutsch banks definition of nonrecourse cre loans.  for more information on nonrecourse cre loans see section focus areas in in the chapter ifrs impairment.  the groups commercial real estate loans primarily originated in the u

Score 0.438
ltv calculations are based on latest e xternally appraised values which are additionally subject to regular interim internal adjustments.  while the group is updating cre collateral values where applicable such values and their underlying assumptions are subject to a higher degree of fluctuatio n and uncertainty in the current environment of heightened market volatility and reduced market liquidity.  a continuation of the current stressed market conditions could have a further advers e impact on commercial real estate property values and ltv ratios .  stage classification and provisioning levels are primarily based on the groups assessment of a borrowers ability to generat e recurring cash flows its ability to obtain refinancing at the loans maturity and an assessment of the financed propertys collateral value.  deutsche bank actively monitors these factors for potential signs of deterioration to ensure timely adjustment of the borrowers loan classifications

Score 0.438
in particular the commercial real estate sector and specifically the office sec tor was affected by a postcovidpandemic driven change in demand and came under further pressure from interest rate increases which led to higher refinancing risks.  provision for nonperforming loans related to stage was .  billion spread across various regions and segments including a notable share of million related to commercial real estate especially affecting the investment bank.  stage and stage provision for performing loans was a release of million driven b y an improved macroeconomic outlook compared to and benefits from modelrelated changes.  provision for credit losses was

Score 0.437
the group applies the shortterm lease recognition exemption to its shortterm leases i. e.  those leases that have a lease term of months or less from the commencement date.  it also applies the lease of lowvalue assets recognition exemption to leases of technicalit equipment that are considered to be low value.  lease payments on shortterm leases and leases of low value assets are recognized as expense on a straightline basis over the lease t erm

Score 0.436
real estate property the ecl shall assume that the absolute collateral value remains constant.  in case of an amortizing loan the collateralized part of the exposure increases over time and the loantovalue decreases accordingly.  certain financial guarantee contracts are integral to the financial assets guaranteed.  in such cases the financial guarantee is considered as collateral for the financial asset and the benefit of the guarantee is used to mitigate the ecl of the guarante ed financial asset.  deutsche bank risk and capital management annual report credit risk management and asset quality forward looking information under ifrs the allowance for credit losses is based on reasonable and supportable forwardlooking information available without undue cost or effort which takes into consideration past events current conditions and foreca sts of future economic conditions

Score 0.436
most of the lease contracts are made unde r usual terms and conditions which means they include options to extend the lease by a defined amount of time price adjustment clauses and escalation clauses in line with general office rental market conditions.  however the lease agreements do not inclu de any clauses that impose any restriction on the groups ability to pay dividends engage in debt financing transactions or enter i nto further lease agreements.  as of december december the group recorded rightofuse assets on its ba lance sheet with a carrying amount of .  billion .  billion which are included in property an d equipment

Score 0.435
commercial real estate residential real estate other total collateral obtained during the reporting period carrying amount of foreclosed residential real estate properties amounted to million as of december and million as of december the collateral obtained as shown in the table above excludes collateral recorded as a result of consolidating securitizatio n trusts under ifrs .  in and the group obtained million of collateral related to these trusts.  derivatives credit valuation adjustment the bank establishes counterparty credit valuation adjustment cva for otc derivative transactions to cover expect ed credit losses.  the adjustment amount is determined by assessing the potential credit exposure to a given counterparty and taking into account any collateral held the effect of any relevant netting arrangements expected loss given default and the credi t risk based on available market information including cds spreads.  treatment of default situations under derivatives unlike standard loan assets the bank generally has more options to manage the credit risk in its derivatives transactions wh en movement in the current replacement costs or the behavior of its counterparty indicate that there is the risk that upcoming payment obligations under the transactions might not be honored

Score 0.435
during and interest expenses recorded from the compounding of the lea se liabilities amounted to million and million respectively .  the contractual maturities for the undiscounted cash flows from these liabilities are shown in note maturity analysis of the earliest contractual u ndiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities.  expenses recognized in relating to shortterm leases and leases of lowvalue assets for which the group decided to apply the recognition exemption under ifrs and thus not to record rightofuse assets and corresponding lease liabilities on the balance sheet amounted to million million and million million respectively.  income recorded in from the sublettin g of rightofuse assets totaled million million .  the total cash outflow for leases for was million million and represented mainly expenditures made for real estate rentals over million million

Score 0.435
unless stated otherwise corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management corporate other total consolidated major type of services commissions for administration commissions for assets under management commissions for other securities underwriting and advisory fees brokerage fees commissions for local payments commissions for foreign commercial business commissions for foreign currencyexchange business commissions for loan processing and guarantees intermediary fees fees for sundry other customer services total fee and commissions income gross expense net fees and commissions prior years comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year revenue is recognized when performance obligations are satisfied.  performance obligation is satisfied by fund performance exceeding a hurdle rate an agreed minimum annual return provided to investors.  as of december there were performance obligat ions to be satisfied of million with a time band of three years from to as of december million with a time band of three years from to from alternative funds.  the decrease o f performance obligations to be satisfied was mainly driven by decline in the real estate valuations due to market conditions.  as of december and december the groups balance of receivables from commission and fee income was million and million respectively

Score 0.431
however the lease agreements do not inclu de any clauses that impose any restriction on the groups ability to pay dividends engage in debt financing transactions or enter i nto further lease agreements.  as of december december the group recorded rightofuse assets on its ba lance sheet with a carrying amount of .  billion .  billion which are included in property an d equipment.  the rightofuse assets predominantly represented leased properties of

Score 0.428
the collateral credit enhancement component mainly includes real estate collateral in the form of cash as well as securitiesrelated collateral.  in relation to collateral the group applies internally determined haircuts and additionally cap all collateral values at the level of the respective collateral ized exposure.  maximum exposure to credit risk dec credit enhancements in m.  maximum exposure to credit risk subject to impairment netting collateral guarantees and credit derivatives total credit enhancements financial assets at amortized cost cash and central bank balances interbank balances wo central banks central bank funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements securities borrowed loans other assets subject to credit risk total financial assets at amortized cost financial assets at fair value through profit or loss trading assets positive market values from derivative financial instruments nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss of which securities purchased under resale agreement securities borrowed loans financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss financial assets at fair value through oci of which securities purchased under resale agreement securities borrowed loans total financial assets at fair value through oci financial guarantees and other credit related contingent liabilities revocable and irrevocable lending commitments and other credit related commitments total offbalance sheet maximum exposure to credit risk does not include credit derivative notional sold million and credit derivative notional bought protection bought credit protection is reflected with the notional of the underlying all amo unts at gross value before deductions of allowance for credit losses all amounts at amortized cost gross except for qualifying hedge derivatives which are reflected at fair value through pl includes asset held for sale regardless of accounting clas sification excludes equities other equity interests and commodities figures are reflected at notional amounts deutsche bank risk and capital performance annual report credit risk exposure dec credit enhancements in m.  maximum exposure to credit risk subject to impairment netting collateral guarantees and credit derivatives total credit enhancements financial assets at amortized cost cash and central bank balances interbank balances wo central banks central bank funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements securities borrowed loans other assets subject to credit risk total financial assets at amortized cost financial assets at fair value through profit or loss trading assets positive market values from derivative financial instruments nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss of which securities purchased under resale agreement securities borrowed loans financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss financial assets at fair value through oci of which securities purchased under resale agreement securities borrowed loans total financial assets at fair value through oci financial guarantees and other credit related contingent liabilities revocable and irrevocable lending commitments and other credit related commitments total offbalance sheet maximum exposure to credit risk does not include credit derivative notional sold million and credit derivative notional bought protection bought credit protection is reflected with the notional of the underlying all amounts at gross value before deductions of allowance for credit losses all amounts at amortized cost gross except for qualifying hedge derivatives which are reflected at fair value through pl includes asset held for sale regardless of accounting classification excludes equities other equity interests and commodities figures are reflected at notional amounts the overall decrease in maximum exposure to credit risk for december was

Score 0.428
deposits as segment breakdown is not availablein commercial real estate cre markets continued to face headwinds due to the impacts of higher interest rates decreasing market liquidity combined with tightened lending conditions and structural changes in the office sector.  the market stress has been more pronounced in the u. s.  where property price indices point to a greater decline of cre asset values from recent peaks compared to europe and apac.  especially within th e office segment the market weakness is most evident in the u

Score 0.426
e.  as principal in relation to the service that gives rise to the revenue and associated expense.  in contrast it does not include situations where the group does not contractually own the performance obligation and is acting as agent.  the determination of whether the group is acting as principal or agent is based on the contractual terms of the underlying service arrangement.  the gross commissions and fee income and expense amounts are discl osed in note commissions and fee income

Score 0.426
maintenance and repairs are also charged to general and administrative expenses.  gains and losses on disposals are included in other income.  property and equipment are assessed for any indication of impairment at each quarterly reporting date.  if such indication exists the recoverable amount which is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use must be estimated and an impairment charge is recorded to the extent the recoverable amount is less than the carrying amount.  value in use is the present value of the future cash flows expected to be derived from the asset

Score 0.425
commissions and fee income predominantly earned from services that are received and consumed by the customer over time administration assets under management foreign commercial business loan processing and guarantees sundry other customer services.  the group recognizes revenue from these services over ti me by measuring the progress towards complete satisfaction of that performance obligation subject to the removal of any uncertainty as to whether it is highly probable th at a significant reversal in the cumulative amount of revenue recognized would occur or not.  commissions and fee income predominantly earned from providing services at a point in time or transactiontype services include other securities underwriting and advisory fees brokerage fees local payments foreign currency exchange busines s and intermediary fees.  expenses that are directly related and incremental to the generation of commissions and fee income are presented net in commissions and fee income in the consolidated statement of income.  this includes income and associated expense where the group contractually owns the performance obligation i

Score 0.425
noncurrent assets held for sale individual noncurrent assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale if they are available for immed iate sale in their present condition subject only to the customary sales terms of such assets and disposal groups and their sale is considered highly probable.  for a sale to be highly probable management must be committed to a sales plan and be actively looking for a buyer and has no substantive regulatory approvals outstanding.  furthermore the assets and disposal groups must be actively marketed at a reasonable sales price in relation to their current fair value and the sale should be expected to be completed within one year.  noncurrent nonfinancial assets and disposal groups which meet the criteria for held for sale classification are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs of disposal and are presented wit hin other assets and other liabilities in the balance sheet.  financial assets and liabilities meeting the criteria continue to b e measured in accordance with ifrs

Score 0.425
primarily in the commercial real estate business unit in the investment bank loans may be originated with the intent to securitize in the capital markets or syndicate to other lenders.  the aforementioned inherent underwritin g risks such as delayed distribution and pricing risk are managed through notional caps market risk limits and hedging against the risk of market dislocations.  deutsche bank also provides material underwriting activity through its debt capital markets des k which is focused on supporting investment grade and crossover rated corporate borrowers usually in connection with ma transaction financing.  these exposures are typically month bridge loans which are expected to be repaid by syndicated loans an dor capital markets issuance by the borrower.  deutsche bank does not bear market placement or pricing risk on these exposures but faces funding risk and credit risk for the duration of the commitment which are managed through notional underwriting limits for the group and an industry concentration framework

Score 0.424
it also applies the lease of lowvalue assets recognition exemption to leases of technicalit equipment that are considered to be low value.  lease payments on shortterm leases and leases of low value assets are recognized as expense on a straightline basis over the lease t erm.  employee benefits pension benefits the group provides a number of pension plans.  in addition to defined contribution plans there are retirement benefit plans accounted for as defined benefit plans.  the assets of all the groups defined contribution p lans are held in independently administered funds

Score 0.424
billion which are included in property an d equipment.  the rightofuse assets predominantly represented leased properties of .  billion .  billion and vehicle leases of million million .  for more information on the yeartodate development of rightofuse assets please refer to note property and equipment

Score 0.422
deutsche bank notes to the c onsolidated financial statements annual report material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates the group presents rightofuse assets in property and equipment and lease liabilities in other liabilities.  the group applies the shortterm lease recognition exemption to its shortterm leases i. e.  those leases that have a lease term of months or less from the commencement date.  it also applies the lease of lowvalue assets recognition exemption to leases of technicalit equipment that are considered to be low value

Score 0.422
carrying value of the groups assets pledged as collateral for liabilities or contingent liabilities in m.  dec dec financial assets at fair value through profit or loss financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income loans other total excludes assets pledged as collateral from transactions that do not result in liabilities or contingent liabilities total assets pledged to creditors available for sale or repledge in m.  dec dec financial assets at fair value through profit or loss financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income loans other total includes assets pledged as collateral from transactions that do not result in liabilities or contingent liabilities the group receives collateral primarily in reverse repurchase agreements securities lending agreements derivatives transactions customer margin loans and other transactions.  these transactions are generally conducted under terms that are usual and customary for s tandard secured lending activities and the other transactions described.  the group as the secured party has the right to sell or repledge such collateral subject to the group returning equivalent securities upon completion of the transaction

Score 0.422
for a sale to be highly probable management must be committed to a sales plan and be actively looking for a buyer and has no substantive regulatory approvals outstanding.  furthermore the assets and disposal groups must be actively marketed at a reasonable sales price in relation to their current fair value and the sale should be expected to be completed within one year.  noncurrent nonfinancial assets and disposal groups which meet the criteria for held for sale classification are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs of disposal and are presented wit hin other assets and other liabilities in the balance sheet.  financial assets and liabilities meeting the criteria continue to b e measured in accordance with ifrs .  the comparatives are not represented when noncurrent assets and disposal groups are classi fied as held for sale

Score 0.421
the following table provides an overview of the groups real estate activities and other industry sectors nace contributing to deutsche banks nonrecourse and stresstested cre portfolio as of december and december respectively.  overview of cre portfolio dec dec in m.  gross carrying amount allowance for credit losses gross carrying amount allowance for credit losses real estate activities thereof nonrecourse thereof stresstested portfolio other industry sectors nonrecourse thereof stresstested portfolio total nonrecourse cre portfolio thereof stresstested portfolio loans at amortized cost allowance for credit losses do not include allowance for country risk industry sector by nace nomenclature des activits conomiques dans la communaut europenne code the following table shows the nonrecourse cre portfolio by ifrs stages as well as provision for credit losses recorded as of december and december .  nonrecourse cre portfolio dec dec in m.  gross carrying amount gross carrying amount exposure by stages stage stage stage total provision for credit losses loans at amortized cost provision for credit losses do not include country risk provisions the yearoveryear increase in stage and stage exposures is reflective of the deterioration in cre markets leading to increased loans added to the watchlist and forbearance measures as well as increasing defaults

Score 0.421
changes in the ownership interest in subsidiaries which do not result in a change of control a re treated as transactions between equity holders and are reported in additional paidin capital apic.  noncurrent assets held for sale individual noncurrent assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale if they are available for immed iate sale in their present condition subject only to the customary sales terms of such assets and disposal groups and their sale is considered highly probable.  for a sale to be highly probable management must be committed to a sales plan and be actively looking for a buyer and has no substantive regulatory approvals outstanding.  furthermore the assets and disposal groups must be actively marketed at a reasonable sales price in relation to their current fair value and the sale should be expected to be completed within one year.  noncurrent nonfinancial assets and disposal groups which meet the criteria for held for sale classification are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs of disposal and are presented wit hin other assets and other liabilities in the balance sheet

Score 0.421
billion .  billion which are included in property an d equipment.  the rightofuse assets predominantly represented leased properties of .  billion .  billion and vehicle leases of million million

Score 0.42
the net income attributable to noncontrolling interests is separately disclosed on the face of the consolidated statement of income.  changes in the ownership interest in subsidiaries which do not result in a change of control a re treated as transactions between equity holders and are reported in additional paidin capital apic.  noncurrent assets held for sale individual noncurrent assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale if they are available for immed iate sale in their present condition subject only to the customary sales terms of such assets and disposal groups and their sale is considered highly probable.  for a sale to be highly probable management must be committed to a sales plan and be actively looking for a buyer and has no substantive regulatory approvals outstanding.  furthermore the assets and disposal groups must be actively marketed at a reasonable sales price in relation to their current fair value and the sale should be expected to be completed within one year

Score 0.42
as of december there were performance obligat ions to be satisfied of million with a time band of three years from to as of december million with a time band of three years from to from alternative funds.  the decrease o f performance obligations to be satisfied was mainly driven by decline in the real estate valuations due to market conditions.  as of december and december the groups balance of receivables from commission and fee income was million and million respectively.  as of december and december the groups balance of contract liabilities associated to commission and fee income was million and million respectively.  contract liabilities arise from the groups obligation to provide future services to a customer for which it has received consideration from the customer prior to completion of the services

Score 0.42
after the commencement date the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made.  in addition the carrying amount of lease liab ilities is remeasured if there is a modification a change in the lease term or a change in the lease payments e. g.  changes to future payments resulting from a change in an index or rate used to determine such lease payments.  rightofuse assets are as sessed for any indication of impairment at each quarterly reporting date

Score 0.42
the contractual maturities for the undiscounted cash flows from these liabilities are shown in note maturity analysis of the earliest contractual u ndiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities.  expenses recognized in relating to shortterm leases and leases of lowvalue assets for which the group decided to apply the recognition exemption under ifrs and thus not to record rightofuse assets and corresponding lease liabilities on the balance sheet amounted to million million and million million respectively.  income recorded in from the sublettin g of rightofuse assets totaled million million .  the total cash outflow for leases for was million million and represented mainly expenditures made for real estate rentals over million million .  of the total cash outflow amount payments of million million were made for the principal portion of lease liabilities payments of million million were made for the interest portion

Score 0.418
for more information on the groups leased properties and related disclosures required under ifrs please refer to note leases.  deutsche bank notes to the consolidated balance sheet annual report leases leases the groups di sclosures are as a lessee under lease arrangements covering property and equipment.  the group has applied judgement in presenting related information pursuant to ifrs in a manner that it considers to be most relevant to an understanding of its financial performance and position.  the group leases many assets including land and buildings vehicles and it equipment.  the group is a lessee for the majority of its offices and branches under longterm rental agreements

Score 0.417
lease payments on shortterm leases and leases of low value assets are recognized as expense on a straightline basis over the lease t erm.  employee benefits pension benefits the group provides a number of pension plans.  in addition to defined contribution plans there are retirement benefit plans accounted for as defined benefit plans.  the assets of all the groups defined contribution p lans are held in independently administered funds.  contributions are generally determined as a percentage of salary and are expensed based on employee services rendered generally in the year of contribution

Score 0.417
this has resulted in higher stage ecl for compared to and there is continued uncertainty with respect to future defaults and the timing of a recovery in the cre markets.  the cre portfolio c onsists of lending arrangements originated across various parts of the group and client segments.  the groups cre portfolio under the groups cre definition includes exposures reported under the main credit exposure categories by industry sectors for real estate activities nace but also exposures reported under other nace classifications including financial and insurance activities.  within the cre portfolio the group differentiates between recourse and nonrecourse financing.  recourse cre financings typica lly have a lower inherent risk profile based on recourse to creditworthy entities or individuals in addition to mortgage collateral

Score 0.416
the groups ltv ratios are calculated using the total exposure divided by the current determined value of the respective properties.  these values are monitored and updated if necessary on a regular basis.  the exposure of transactions that are additionally backed by liquid collateral is reduced by the respective collateral values whereas any prior charges increase t he correspo nding total exposure.  the ltv calculation includes exposure which is secured by real estate collateral.  any mortgage lending exposure that is collateralized exclusively by any other type of collateral is not included in the ltv calculation

Score 0.415
local municipal governments other foreign governments corporates other assetbacked securities mortgagebacked securities including obligations of u. s.  federal agencies other debt securities total debt securities loans total financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income equity method investments investments in associates and jointly controlled entities are accounted for using the equity method of accounting.  the group holds interests in associates and jointly controlled entities as of december and respectively as of december .  two associates are considered to be material to the group

Score 0.415
noncontrolling interests are shown in the consolidated balance sheet as a separate component of equity which is distinct from the g roups shareholders equity.  the net income attributable to noncontrolling interests is separately disclosed on the face of the consolidated statement of income.  changes in the ownership interest in subsidiaries which do not result in a change of control a re treated as transactions between equity holders and are reported in additional paidin capital apic.  noncurrent assets held for sale individual noncurrent assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale if they are available for immed iate sale in their present condition subject only to the customary sales terms of such assets and disposal groups and their sale is considered highly probable.  for a sale to be highly probable management must be committed to a sales plan and be actively looking for a buyer and has no substantive regulatory approvals outstanding

Score 0.415
if an impairment is later reversed the depreciation charge is adjusted prospectively.  deutsche bank notes to the c onsolidated financial statements annual report material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates the group presents rightofuse assets in property and equipment and lease liabilities in other liabilities.  the group applies the shortterm lease recognition exemption to its shortterm leases i. e.  those leases that have a lease term of months or less from the commencement date

Score 0.415
as of december and december the groups balance of receivables from commission and fee income was million and million respectively.  as of december and december the groups balance of contract liabilities associated to commission and fee income was million and million respectively.  contract liabilities arise from the groups obligation to provide future services to a customer for which it has received consideration from the customer prior to completion of the services.  the balances of receivables and contract liabilities do not vary significantly from period to period reflecting the fact that they predominately relate to recurring service contracts with service periods of le ss than one year such as monthly current account services and quarterly asset management services.  a s a result prior period balances of contract liabilities are generally recognized in revenue in the subsequent period

Score 0.415
s.  deposits as segment breakdown is not availablein commercial real estate cre markets continued to face headwinds due to the impacts of higher interest rates decreasing market liquidity combined with tightened lending conditions and structural changes in the office sector.  the market stress has been more pronounced in the u. s.  where property price indices point to a greater decline of cre asset values from recent peaks compared to europe and apac

Score 0.414
typical transactions include retaining senior notes of nonconsolidated securitizations to which originated loans have been transferred financing arrangements with structured ent ities to which the group has sold a portfolio of assets or sales of assets with creditcontingent swaps.  the groups exposure to such transactions is not considered to be significant as any substantial retention of risks associated with the transferred as set will commonly result in an initial failure to derecognize.  transactions not considered to result in an ongoing involvement include normal warranties on fraudulent activities that could invalidate a transfer in the e vent of legal action qualifying passthrough arrangements and standard trustee or administrative fees that are not linked to performance.  the impact on the groups balance sheet of ongoing involvement associated with transferred assets derecognized in full dec dec in m.  carrying value fair value maximum exposure to loss carrying value fair value maximum exposure to loss loans at amortized cost securitization notes other total loans at amortized cost financial assets held at fair value through profit or loss securitization notes nonstandard interest rate crosscurrency or inflationlinked swap total financial assets held at fair value through profit or loss financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income securitization notes other total financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income total financial assets representing ongoing involvement financial liabilities held at fair value through profit or loss nonstandard interest rate crosscurrency or inflationlinked swap total financial liabilities representing ongoing involvement the maximum exposure to loss is defined as the carrying value plus the notional value of any undrawn loan commitments not rec ognized as liabilities the impact on the groups statement of income of ongoing involvement associated with transferred assets derecognized in full dec dec in m

Score 0.414
clients are located globally.  private bank mortgage loantovalue dec dec when assigning the exposure to the corresponding ltv buckets the exposure amounts are distributed according to their relativ e share of the underlying assessed real estate value the ltv expresses the amount of exposure as a percentage of the underlying real estate value.  the groups ltv ratios are calculated using the total exposure divided by the current determined value of the respective properties.  these values are monitored and updated if necessary on a regular basis.  the exposure of transactions that are additionally backed by liquid collateral is reduced by the respective collateral values whereas any prior charges increase t he correspo nding total exposure

Score 0.414
those leases that have a lease term of months or less from the commencement date.  it also applies the lease of lowvalue assets recognition exemption to leases of technicalit equipment that are considered to be low value.  lease payments on shortterm leases and leases of low value assets are recognized as expense on a straightline basis over the lease t erm.  employee benefits pension benefits the group provides a number of pension plans.  in addition to defined contribution plans there are retirement benefit plans accounted for as defined benefit plans

Score 0.414
and europe ar e generally secured by first mortgages on the underlying real estate property.  deutsche bank originates fixed and floating rate loans and selectively acquires generally at substantial discount sub nonperforming loans sold by financial institutions.  th e underwriting process is stringent and the exposure is managed under separate portfolio limits.  credit underwriting policy guidelines provide that ltv ratios of generally less than are adhered to at loan origination.  additionally given the significan ce of the underlying collateral independent external appraisals are commissioned for all secured loans by a valuation team part of the independe nt credit risk management function which is also responsible for reviewing and challenging the reported real estate values regularly

Score 0.414
commissions and fee income predominantly earned from providing services at a point in time or transactiontype services include other securities underwriting and advisory fees brokerage fees local payments foreign currency exchange busines s and intermediary fees.  expenses that are directly related and incremental to the generation of commissions and fee income are presented net in commissions and fee income in the consolidated statement of income.  this includes income and associated expense where the group contractually owns the performance obligation i. e.  as principal in relation to the service that gives rise to the revenue and associated expense

Score 0.414
collateral obtained during the reporting period in m.  commercial real estate residential real estate other total collateral obtained during the reporting period carrying amount of foreclosed residential real estate properties amounted to million as of december and million as of december the collateral obtained as shown in the table above excludes collateral recorded as a result of consolidating securitizatio n trusts under ifrs .  in and the group obtained million of collateral related to these trusts.  derivatives credit valuation adjustment the bank establishes counterparty credit valuation adjustment cva for otc derivative transactions to cover expect ed credit losses.  the adjustment amount is determined by assessing the potential credit exposure to a given counterparty and taking into account any collateral held the effect of any relevant netting arrangements expected loss given default and the credi t risk based on available market information including cds spreads

Score 0.414
the groups interests in securitizations are collateralized by the assets contained in these entities.  where the group holds fund units these are typically in regard to market making in funds or otherwise serve as hedges for notes issued to clients.  moreo ver the credit risk arising from loans made to third party funding structured entities is mitigated by the collateral received.  nontrading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss includes reverse repurchase agreements to funds which comprise the majority of the interests in this category and are collateralized by the underlying securities.  loans as of december and december consist of

Score 0.413
while the group is updating cre collateral values where applicable such values and their underlying assumptions are subject to a higher degree of fluctuatio n and uncertainty in the current environment of heightened market volatility and reduced market liquidity.  a continuation of the current stressed market conditions could have a further advers e impact on commercial real estate property values and ltv ratios .  stage classification and provisioning levels are primarily based on the groups assessment of a borrowers ability to generat e recurring cash flows its ability to obtain refinancing at the loans maturity and an assessment of the financed propertys collateral value.  deutsche bank actively monitors these factors for potential signs of deterioration to ensure timely adjustment of the borrowers loan classifications.  when a loan is deemed to be impaired the group calculates required credit loss provisions using multiple potential scenarios for loan resolution weighted by their expected probabilities and taking into account information available at that point

Score 0.411
where property price indices point to a greater decline of cre asset values from recent peaks compared to europe and apac.  especially within th e office segment the market weakness is most evident in the u. s.  reflected in subdued leasing activity and higher vacancy rates compared to europe.  the global origination advisory industry fee pool in fell a further following a drop in from record highs in driven by a subdued mergers acquisitions market challenging primary credit markets and largely inactive sponsors

Score 0.411
the lease has a fixed term through to the end of with options to extend the lease for two additional fiveyear periods to the end of .  during and interest expenses recorded from the compounding of the lea se liabilities amounted to million and million respectively .  the contractual maturities for the undiscounted cash flows from these liabilities are shown in note maturity analysis of the earliest contractual u ndiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities.  expenses recognized in relating to shortterm leases and leases of lowvalue assets for which the group decided to apply the recognition exemption under ifrs and thus not to record rightofuse assets and corresponding lease liabilities on the balance sheet amounted to million million and million million respectively.  income recorded in from the sublettin g of rightofuse assets totaled million million

Score 0.41
a continuation of the current stressed market conditions could have a further advers e impact on commercial real estate property values and ltv ratios .  stage classification and provisioning levels are primarily based on the groups assessment of a borrowers ability to generat e recurring cash flows its ability to obtain refinancing at the loans maturity and an assessment of the financed propertys collateral value.  deutsche bank actively monitors these factors for potential signs of deterioration to ensure timely adjustment of the borrowers loan classifications.  when a loan is deemed to be impaired the group calculates required credit loss provisions using multiple potential scenarios for loan resolution weighted by their expected probabilities and taking into account information available at that point.  such assessments are inherently subjective with respect to scenario weightings and subject to vari ous assumptions including future cash flows generated by a property and potential property liquidation proceeds

Score 0.41
rightofuse assets are as sessed for any indication of impairment at each quarterly reporting date.  if such indication exists the recoverable amount which is the fair value less costs of disposal must be estimated and an impairment charge is recorde d to the extent the recoverabl e amount is less than the carrying amount.  as rightofuse assets do not have independently generated cash flows to calculate its value in use the group considers any sublease income that could reasonably be earned.  after the recognition of impairment of an asset the depreciation charge is adjusted in future periods to reflect the assets revised carrying amount.  if an impairment is later reversed the depreciation charge is adjusted prospectively

Score 0.409
if such indication exists the recoverable amount which is the fair value less costs of disposal must be estimated and an impairment charge is recorde d to the extent the recoverabl e amount is less than the carrying amount.  as rightofuse assets do not have independently generated cash flows to calculate its value in use the group considers any sublease income that could reasonably be earned.  after the recognition of impairment of an asset the depreciation charge is adjusted in future periods to reflect the assets revised carrying amount.  if an impairment is later reversed the depreciation charge is adjusted prospectively.  deutsche bank notes to the c onsolidated financial statements annual report material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates the group presents rightofuse assets in property and equipment and lease liabilities in other liabilities

Score 0.409
th e underwriting process is stringent and the exposure is managed under separate portfolio limits.  credit underwriting policy guidelines provide that ltv ratios of generally less than are adhered to at loan origination.  additionally given the significan ce of the underlying collateral independent external appraisals are commissioned for all secured loans by a valuation team part of the independe nt credit risk management function which is also responsible for reviewing and challenging the reported real estate values regularly.  deutsche bank originates loans for distribution in the banking market or via securitization.  in this context deuts che bank frequently retains a portion of the syndicated loans while securitized positions may be entirely sold excep t where regulation requires retention of economic risk

Score 0.409
within the cre portfolio the group differentiates between recourse and nonrecourse financing.  recourse cre financings typica lly have a lower inherent risk profile based on recourse to creditworthy entities or individuals in addition to mortgage collateral.  recourse cre exposures range from secured recourse lending for business or commercial properties to property companies we alth management clients as well as other private and corporate clients.  nonrecourse financings rely on sources of repayment that are typically limited to the cash flows generated by the financed property and the ability to refinance such loans may be con strained by the underlying property value and income stream generated by such property at the time of refinancing.  the entire cre loan portfolio is subject to periodic stress testing under deutsche banks group wide stress test framework

Score 0.408
commission and fee income and expense commission and fee income commission and fee expense net commissions and fee income disaggregation of revenues by product type and business segment dec in m.  unless stated otherwise corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management corporate other total consolidated major type of services commissions for administration commissions for assets under management commissions for other securities underwriting and advisory fees brokerage fees commissions for local payments commissions for foreign commercial business commissions for foreign currencyexchange business commissions for loan processing and guarantees intermediary fees fees for sundry other customer services total fee and commissions income gross expense net fees and commissions dec in m.  unless stated otherwise corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management corporate other total consolidated major type of services commissions for administration commissions for assets under management commissions for other securities underwriting and advisory fees brokerage fees commissions for local payments commissions for foreign commercial business commissions for foreign currencyexchange business commissions for loan processing and guarantees intermediary fees fees for sundry other customer services total fee and commissions income gross expense net fees and commissions prior years comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year deutsche bank notes to the consolidated income statement annual report commissions and fee income dec in m.  unless stated otherwise corporate bank investment bank private bank asset management corporate other total consolidated major type of services commissions for administration commissions for assets under management commissions for other securities underwriting and advisory fees brokerage fees commissions for local payments commissions for foreign commercial business commissions for foreign currencyexchange business commissions for loan processing and guarantees intermediary fees fees for sundry other customer services total fee and commissions income gross expense net fees and commissions prior years comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year revenue is recognized when performance obligations are satisfied.  performance obligation is satisfied by fund performance exceeding a hurdle rate an agreed minimum annual return provided to investors

Score 0.406
riviera real estate paris other enterprise .  rocky spv s. r. l.  conegliano other enterprise romareda holdings designated activity company dublin financial institution rreef core plus residential fund lp wilmington other enterprise

Score 0.406
this includes income and associated expense where the group contractually owns the performance obligation i. e.  as principal in relation to the service that gives rise to the revenue and associated expense.  in contrast it does not include situations where the group does not contractually own the performance obligation and is acting as agent.  the determination of whether the group is acting as principal or agent is based on the contractual terms of the underlying service arrangement

Score 0.405
treasury and u. s.  government agencies u. s.  local municipal governments other foreign governments corporates other assetbacked securities mortgagebacked securities including obligations of u

Score 0.404
the decrease in liabilities during the period are driven by net transfers between level and level due to changes in the observability of input parameters used to value these in struments and settlements partially offset by losses.  other trading instruments classified in level of the fair value hierarchy mainly consist of traded loans valued using valuation models based on one or more significant unobservable parameters.  the in crease in the period is driven by purchases and issuances net transfers between level and level due to changes in the observability of input parameters used to value these instruments and gains partially offset by sales and settlements.  nontrading f inancial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss classified in level of fair value hierarchy include any nontrading financial asset that does not fall into the hold to collect nor hold to collect and sell business models.  this includes pre dominately reverse repurchase agreements which are managed on a fair value basis

Score 0.404
the group may transfer assets to these securitization vehicles an d provides financial support to these entities in the form of liquidity facilities.  the group also invests and provides liquidity facilities to third party sponsored securitization vehicl es.  the securitization vehicles that are not consolidated into the gr oup are those where the group does not hold the power or ability to unilaterally remove the servicer or special servicer who has been delegated power over the activities of the entity.  funds the group establishes structured entities to accommodate client requirements to hold investments in specific assets.  the group also invests in funds that are sponsored by third parties or the bank may act as fund manager custodian or some other capacity and provide funding and liquidity facilities t o both bank sponsored and third party funds