Scores_g_WHOLESALE AND RETAIL TRADE; REPAIR OF MOTOR VEHICLES AND MOTORCYCLESScore 0.577
revenue is recogn ized from the sale of goods in the wholesale ecommerce and own retail sales channels if the company satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a specified asset to a customer.  an asset is deemed to have been transferred if the customer obta ins control of that asset.  revenue is recognized in the amount to which the company has a claim when the power to control an asset is transferred .  customers of the company have the option subject to certain conditions of exchanging or returning goods in exchange for a credit

Score 0.568
in the companys consolidated financial statements revenues amounting to eur million are reported .  revenue is recogn ized from the sale of goods in the wholesale ecommerce and own retail sales channels if the company satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a specified asset to a customer.  an asset is deemed to have been transferred if the customer obta ins control of that asset.  revenue is recognized in the amount to which the company has a claim when the power to control an asset is transferred

Score 0.561
w e closely monitor changes in legislation to properly adopt regulatory requirements regarding customs and taxes apply any available and applicable guidance from tax authorities and organizations such as the oecd the world customs organization and the wor ld trade organization and seek guidance from individual authorities as appropriate which may include requesting tax rulings from a tax authority.  in addition our internal legal customs and tax teams advise our operational management teams to ensure appropriate and compliant business practices.  our specialized staff receive adequate training for their role and nontax or noncustoms staff are made aware of potential tax and customs matters relevant to their roles.  furthermore we work closely with cus toms authorities and governments worldwide to make sure we adhere to customs and trade regulations at import and export to ensure the availability and obtain the required clearance of products to fulfill sales demand

Score 0.561
see note to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t inventories inventories by major classification are as follows inventories in millions dec.  dec.  gross value allowance for obsoles cence net value gross value allowance for obsoles cence net value merchandise and finished goods on hand goods in transit raw materials work in progress inventories goods in transit mainly relate to shipments of finished goods and merchandise from suppliers in asia to subsidiaries in europe north america asia and latin america.  expenses from writedown on inventories amounted to million in million

Score 0.553
the company s disclosures relating to the accounting policies applied with respect to the recognition of revenue from merchandise are contained in section of the notes to the consolidated financial statements summary of significant accounting policies .  other information the executive directors are responsible for the other information.  the other information comprises the following nonaudited parts of the group management report nonfinancial statement to comply with b to e hgb and with b to c hgb included in different places of the group management report the section performa nce kpis to track product availability and ontime infull delivery of the group management report the disclosures marked as unaudited in section description of the main features of the internal control and risk management system process pursuant to section german commercial code handelsgesetzbuch hgb of the group management report the other information comprises further the statement on corporate governance pursuant to f hgb and d hgb all remaining parts of the annual report excluding crossreferences to external information with the exception of the audited consolidated financial statements the audited group management report and our auditors report our audit opinions on the annual financial statements and on the manage ment report do not cover the other information and consequently we do not express an audit opinion or any other form of assurance conclusion thereon.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t in connection with our audit our responsibility is to read the other information mentioned above and in so doing to consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the annual financial statements with the management report disclosures audited in terms of content or with our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to b e materially misstated

Score 0.552
other businesses includes the business activities of the y label and other subordinated businesses which are not monitored separately by the chief operating decisionmaker.  also certain centralized corporate functions do not meet the definition of ifrs for an operating segment.  this includes in particular functions such as global brands and global sales central brand and distribution to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t management central treasury and global sourcing as well as other hea dquarter functions.  assets liabilities income and expenses relating to these corporate functions are presented in the reconciliations

Score 0.551
determination of taxonomyeligible activities the core team reviewed the new delegated acts to the taxonomy regulation as they became available and analyzed the impact on the disclosure requirements compared to to ensure accuracy and completeness of our reporting.  as mentioned above while the re porting requirement covers all six environmental objectives since the beginning of the main economic activities of our business model remain out of scope and we consequently have no turnovergenerating taxonomyeligible activities to report on.  as a result the following eligible economic activities have been identified for .  transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles including company car leases

Score 0.549
.  the company s disclosures relating to the accounting policies applied with respect to the recognition of revenue from merchandise are contained in section of the notes to the consolidated financial statements summary of significant accounting policies .  other information the executive directors are responsible for the other information.  the other information comprises the following nonaudited parts of the group management report nonfinancial statement to comply with b to e hgb and with b to c hgb included in different places of the group management report the section performa nce kpis to track product availability and ontime infull delivery of the group management report the disclosures marked as unaudited in section description of the main features of the internal control and risk management system process pursuant to section german commercial code handelsgesetzbuch hgb of the group management report the other information comprises further the statement on corporate governance pursuant to f hgb and d hgb all remaining parts of the annual report excluding crossreferences to external information with the exception of the audited consolidated financial statements the audited group management report and our auditors report our audit opinions on the annual financial statements and on the manage ment report do not cover the other information and consequently we do not express an audit opinion or any other form of assurance conclusion thereon

Score 0.544
accounts receivable and inventories of reportable segments accounts receivable and inventories of other businesses accounts receivable and inventories of hq current financial assets other current assets noncurrent assets total liabilities in millions dec.  dec.  accounts payable of reportable segments accounts payable of other businesses accounts payable of hq current financial liabilities other current liabilities noncurrent liabilities total geographical information net sales third parties are shown in the geographic market in which the net sales are realized.  noncurrent assets are allocated to the geographic market based on the domicile of the respective subsidiary independent of the segmental structure and consist of tangible assets goodwill tradema rks other intangible assets rightofuse assets and other noncurrent assets

Score 0.54
recognition of revenue taking into account expected returns .  in the companys consolidated financial statements revenues amounting to eur million are reported .  revenue is recogn ized from the sale of goods in the wholesale ecommerce and own retail sales channels if the company satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a specified asset to a customer.  an asset is deemed to have been transferred if the customer obta ins control of that asset

Score 0.528
dec.  accounts payable of reportable segments accounts payable of other businesses accounts payable of hq current financial liabilities other current liabilities noncurrent liabilities total geographical information net sales third parties are shown in the geographic market in which the net sales are realized.  noncurrent assets are allocated to the geographic market based on the domicile of the respective subsidiary independent of the segmental structure and consist of tangible assets goodwill tradema rks other intangible assets rightofuse assets and other noncurrent assets.  geographical information by market in millions net sales third parties noncurrent assets year ending dec

Score 0.528
the main tasks of the team were to educate the functional and subjectmatter experts mainly from the accounting controlling hr workplaces supply chain and retail teams on the reporting requirements with particular focus on taxonomy alignment criteria   define orchestrate and lead a structured process to collect all taxonomyrelevant information from the subjectmatter experts analyze and verify reported information in terms of taxonomy relevance accuracy and completeness and ensure that all new and updated taxonomyrelevant publications that have become available throughout the course of the year are adequately reflected in this report.  determination of taxonomyeligible activities the core team reviewed the new delegated acts to the taxonomy regulation as they became available and analyzed the impact on the disclosure requirements compared to to ensure accuracy and completeness of our reporting.  as mentioned above while the re porting requirement covers all six environmental objectives since the beginning of the main economic activities of our business model remain out of scope and we consequently have no turnovergenerating taxonomyeligible activities to report on.  as a result the following eligible economic activities have been identified for

Score 0.522
accounts payable of reportable segments accounts payable of other businesses accounts payable of hq current financial liabilities other current liabilities noncurrent liabilities total geographical information net sales third parties are shown in the geographic market in which the net sales are realized.  noncurrent assets are allocated to the geographic market based on the domicile of the respective subsidiary independent of the segmental structure and consist of tangible assets goodwill tradema rks other intangible assets rightofuse assets and other noncurrent assets.  geographical information by market in millions net sales third parties noncurrent assets year ending dec.  year ending dec

Score 0.521
each market comprises all wholesale retail and ecommerce business activities relating to the distribution and sale of products of the adidas brand to retail customers and end consumers.  other businesses includes the business activities of the y label and other subordinated businesses which are not monitored separately by the chief operating decisionmaker.  also certain centralized corporate functions do not meet the definition of ifrs for an operating segment.  this includes in particular functions such as global brands and global sales central brand and distribution to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t management central treasury and global sourcing as well as other hea dquarter functions

Score 0.52
we also pursue a strategy of entering into longterm agreements with key promotion partners.  in addition our product and communication initiatives are designed to increase brand desire drive market share growth and strengthen our brand s market p osition.  risks related to tax and customs regulations numerous laws and regulations regarding customs and taxes as well as changes in such laws and regulations affect the companys business practices worldwide.  noncompliance with regulations concerning pr oduct imports including calculation of customs values intercompany transactions or income taxes could lead to substantial financial penalties and additional costs as well as negative media coverage and therefore reputational damage for example in case of understatements or underpayments of corporate income taxes or customs duties

Score 0.516
values reported cover production seasons ss and fw.  within scope purchased goods and services considers the produc tion and processing of raw materials for which impacts are estimated based on quantities of materials and lifecycle analysis data.  all key production processes are considered.  primary secondary and tertiary packaging material quantities are included

Score 0.515
net sales by channe l to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t wholesale our primary goal in wholesale in was to improve our relationships with our partners and collaborate with them to navigate in a challenging retail environment.  through meticulous planning and strategic foresight we executed transition plans with the explicit aim of regaining trust and achieving a significantly improved business setup by yearend.  employing a con servative sellin strategy we vigilantly tracked customer sellout and inventory levels.  additionally we actively supported initiatives to reduce inventory levels in the market by assessing the customers performance and agreeing on a transition plan

Score 0.515
in addition our product and communication initiatives are designed to increase brand desire drive market share growth and strengthen our brand s market p osition.  risks related to tax and customs regulations numerous laws and regulations regarding customs and taxes as well as changes in such laws and regulations affect the companys business practices worldwide.  noncompliance with regulations concerning pr oduct imports including calculation of customs values intercompany transactions or income taxes could lead to substantial financial penalties and additional costs as well as negative media coverage and therefore reputational damage for example in case of understatements or underpayments of corporate income taxes or customs duties.  changes in regulations regarding customs and taxes may also have a substantial impact on the companys sourcing costs or income taxes

Score 0.515
see note other provisions other provisions consist of the following other provisions in millions jan.  additions change in discounted amount usage reversals currency translation differences dec.  thereof noncurrent marketing personnel returns and warranty taxes other than income taxes customs sundry other provisions marketing provisions mainly consist of provisions for promotion contracts which are comprised of obligations to clubs and athletes.  provisions for personnel mainly consist of provisions for short and longterm variable compensation components as well as of provisions for social plans relating to restructuring measures

Score 0.514
since the identified taxonomyeligible activities relate to the purchase of output from potentially taxonomyaligned activities performing the taxonomy assessment was dependent on the input of the relevant information from the respective thirdparty suppliers.  due to the expected time and resource investment necessary for assessing all individual projects and items contributing to the eligible activities we prioritized the assessment of those individual activities that were most material in terms of value andor were more likely to be taxonomyaligned due to the availability of the necessary information.  eligible building leases relate to warehousesdistribution centers own retail stores and corporate offices.  the applicable substantial contribution and dnsh criteria as set out in section

Score 0.514
dec.  accounts receivable and inventories of reportable segments accounts receivable and inventories of other businesses accounts receivable and inventories of hq current financial assets other current assets noncurrent assets total liabilities in millions dec.  dec.  accounts payable of reportable segments accounts payable of other businesses accounts payable of hq current financial liabilities other current liabilities noncurrent liabilities total geographical information net sales third parties are shown in the geographic market in which the net sales are realized

Score 0.513
due to the large transaction volume with respect to the sale of merchandise in three different sales channels and the potential risk in general of notional revenues and the uncertainty with regard to estimates of expected return s in our view the to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t existence and accrual of revenues from the sale of merchandise were of particular significance in the context of our audit.  .  with respect to the audit of the existence and accrual of revenue we first assessed the design implementatio n and operating effectiveness of internal controls including the functioning of itbased controls with respect to outgoing goods and the acceptance of goods invoices and the payment settlement.  in addition we examined the presentation of revenue recogni tion in the groupwide accounting policy to assess whether it complied with ifrs

Score 0.51
hence the taxonomyeligible activities have been assessed according to the substantial contribution and dnsh criteria as laid out in annex i to the delegated regulation eu .  since the identified taxonomyeligible activities relate to the purchase of output from potentially taxonomyaligned activities performing the taxonomy assessment was dependent on the input of the relevant information from the respective thirdparty suppliers.  due to the expected time and resource investment necessary for assessing all individual projects and items contributing to the eligible activities we prioritized the assessment of those individual activities that were most material in terms of value andor were more likely to be taxonomyaligned due to the availability of the necessary information.  eligible building leases relate to warehousesdistribution centers own retail stores and corporate offices

Score 0.508
net sales represent revenue from contracts with customers.  there are no intersegment sales between the reportable segments.  accounting and valuation policies applied for reporting segmental information are the same as those used for adidas.  see note the results of the operating segments are reported in the line item segmental operating profit

Score 0.505
additions change in discounted amount usage reversals currency translation differences dec.  thereof noncurrent marketing personnel returns and warranty taxes other than income taxes customs sundry other provisions marketing provisions mainly consist of provisions for promotion contracts which are comprised of obligations to clubs and athletes.  provisions for personnel mainly consist of provisions for short and longterm variable compensation components as well as of provisions for social plans relating to restructuring measures.  provisions for returns and warranty primarily arise due to the obligation of fulfilling cus tomer claims with regard to the return of products sold by adidas

Score 0.503
the amount of the provision follows the historical development of returns and warranty as well as current agreements.  provisions for taxes other than income taxes mainly relate to value ad ded tax real estate tax and motor vehicle tax.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t sundry provisions mainly include provisions for onerous contracts as well as for dismantling and restoration costs.  noncurrent provisions mainly consist of provisions for longterm variable compensation com ponents with a time frame of three to four years discounted with countryspecific interest rates

Score 0.502
net sales by product category in millions change change currencyneutral footwear apparel accessories and gear total prior year figures restated due to hqconsolidation.  see note .  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t net sales by product category in cost of sales decreases in line with net sales development cost of sales is defined as the amount we pay to third parties for expenses associated with producing and delivering our products.  in addition ownproduction expenses are also included in the cost of sales

Score 0.501
the north america latin america and china markets remain unchanged.  in line with this reporting structure of the company for management purposes by market and in accorda nce with the definition of ifrs operating segments seven operating segments have thus been identified as of january europe emerging markets north america china latin america japan and south korea.  due to the small size of the two operat ing segments japan and south korea they are combined for external segment reporting as japansouth korea .  due to the change in the operating segments and the associated groups of cashgenerating units both a reallocation of goodwill and an impairment tes t of goodwill were carried out as at january

Score 0.5
as a result not all information was available for a complete and conclusive assessment as required by the regulation.  we therefore assessed the eligible car leases as not taxonomyaligned.    for the remaining eligible activities under section .  an assessment of the taxonomy alignment against the respective criteria laid out in annex i of the delegated regulation was conducted in a structured manner as far as this was possible with reasonable effort

Score 0.499
.  values reported cover production seasons ss and fw.  within scope purchased goods and services considers the produc tion and processing of raw materials for which impacts are estimated based on quantities of materials and lifecycle analysis data.  all key production processes are considered

Score 0.497
other operating expenses expenses are presented by function according to the cost of sales method in the income statement with the exception of impairment losses net on accounts receivable and contract assets which are disclosed in a separate line item as required by ifrs financial instruments .  other operating expenses presented by functions include marketing and pointofsale expenses distribution and selling expenses and general and administration expenses as well as sundry expenses less any income from government grants if applicable.  marketing and pointofsale expenses consist of promotion and communication spending such as promotion contracts advertising events and other communication activities.  however they do not include marketing overhead expenses which are presented in distribution and selling expenses

Score 0.496
as a result the following eligible economic activities have been identified for .  transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles including company car leases .  installation maintenance and repair of energyefficient equ ipment e. g

Score 0.495
income from transitional service agreements income from release of accrued liabilities and other provisions gains from disposal of fixed assets sundry income other operating income the decrease in income from transition services agreements relates to contracts with the buyer of the reebok business from .  adidas discontinued these services in .  other operating expenses expenses are presented by function according to the cost of sales method in the income statement with the exception of impairment losses net on accounts receivable and contract assets which are disclosed in a separate line item as required by ifrs financial instruments .  other operating expenses presented by functions include marketing and pointofsale expenses distribution and selling expenses and general and administration expenses as well as sundry expenses less any income from government grants if applicable

Score 0.494
b.  taxonomy noneligible activities turnover of taxonomy noneligible activities b total a b y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  ccm climate change mitigation cca climate change adaptation wtr water and marine resources ppc pollution prevention and control ce circular economy bio biodiversity and ecosystems.  net sales as reported in the consolidated income statement

Score 0.493
.  recognition of revenue taking into account expected returns .  in the companys consolidated financial statements revenues amounting to eur million are reported .  revenue is recogn ized from the sale of goods in the wholesale ecommerce and own retail sales channels if the company satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a specified asset to a customer

Score 0.492
in addition the disclosur es on inventories are contained in section inventories .  .  recognition of revenue taking into account expected returns .  in the companys consolidated financial statements revenues amounting to eur million are reported

Score 0.491
russia is allocated to the other businesses as it is no longer monitored separately by the chief operating decisionmakers due to the discontinuation of business activities.  in addition the asiapacific market has been split into two separate markets japan and south korea a nd southeast asia and pacific have been merged with the new emerging markets market.  the north america latin america and china markets remain unchanged.  in line with this reporting structure of the company for management purposes by market and in accorda nce with the definition of ifrs operating segments seven operating segments have thus been identified as of january europe emerging markets north america china latin america japan and south korea

Score 0.49
the company s disclosures relating to the accounting policies applied with respect to the inventories line item are contained in section of the notes to the consolidated financial statements summary of significant accounting policies.  in addition the disclosur es on inventories are contained in section inventories .  .  recognition of revenue taking into account expected returns

Score 0.49
furthermore the executive directors are responsible for such internal control as the executive directors consider necessary to enable the preparation of a combined nonfinancial statement that is free from material misstatement whether due to fraud or error.  the eu taxonomy regulation and the delegated acts issued thereunder contain wording and terms that are still subject to considerable interpretation uncertainties and for which clarifications have not yet been published in every case.  therefore the executive directors have disclosed their interpretation of the eu taxonomy regulation and the delegated acts adopted thereunder in section eutaxonomy of the combined nonfinancial statement.  they are responsible for the defensibility of this interpretation

Score 0.488
we therefore assessed the eligible car leases as not taxonomyaligned.    for the remaining eligible activities under section .  an assessment of the taxonomy alignment against the respective criteria laid out in annex i of the delegated regulation was conducted in a structured manner as far as this was possible with reasonable effort .  while the eligible activities fulfill the substantial contribution criterion none of them are considered to be taxonomyaligned as a result of the noncompliance with the dnsh assessment

Score 0.488
provisions for taxes other than income taxes mainly relate to value ad ded tax real estate tax and motor vehicle tax.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t sundry provisions mainly include provisions for onerous contracts as well as for dismantling and restoration costs.  noncurrent provisions mainly consist of provisions for longterm variable compensation com ponents with a time frame of three to four years discounted with countryspecific interest rates.  management follows past experience from similar transactions when assessing the recognition and the measurement of provisions in particular external legal opinions are considered for provisions for customs risks and for litigation and other legal risks

Score 0.488
in line with this reporting structure of the company for management purposes by market and in accorda nce with the definition of ifrs operating segments seven operating segments have thus been identified as of january europe emerging markets north america china latin america japan and south korea.  due to the small size of the two operat ing segments japan and south korea they are combined for external segment reporting as japansouth korea .  due to the change in the operating segments and the associated groups of cashgenerating units both a reallocation of goodwill and an impairment tes t of goodwill were carried out as at january .  there was no need for impairment in this context

Score 0.487
. pp distribution and selling expenses .  of net sales .

Score 0.485
g .  a quarterly tax risk questionnaire and the corporate tax and customs teams are involved in critical business transactions.  compliance with global tax and customs policies and controls is monitored by the corporate tax and customs teams internal controls experts and the internal audit department.  w e closely monitor changes in legislation to properly adopt regulatory requirements regarding customs and taxes apply any available and applicable guidance from tax authorities and organizations such as the oecd the world customs organization and the wor ld trade organization and seek guidance from individual authorities as appropriate which may include requesting tax rulings from a tax authority

Score 0.484
net sales net income net income attributable to noncontrolling interests other comprehensive income total comprehensive income total comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests current assets noncurrent assets current liabilities noncurrent liabilities net assets net assets attributable to noncontrolling interests according to the consolidated statement of financial position net cash generated from operating activities net cash used in investing activities net cash used in financing activities net increase of cash and cash equivalents dividends paid to noncontrolling interests during the year included in net cash used in financing activities.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t financial instruments additional information to financial instruments carrying amounts of financial instruments and their fair values including hierarchy according to ifrs in millions category december december carrying amount fair value level level level carrying amount fair value level level level financial assets cash and cash equivalents cash and cash equivalents amortized cost cash equivalents fair value through profit or loss shortterm financial assets fair value through profit or loss accounts receivable amortized cost other current financial assets derivatives used in hedge accounting n. a.  derivatives not used in hedge accounting fair value through profit or loss other investments n

Score 0.484
currency options forward exchange contracts suppliers with debit balances security deposits receivables from credit cards and similar receivables customs receivables from retail business other investments deferred consideration of reebok sale sundry other current financial assets gross less accumulated allowances other current financial assets net further information about currency options and forward exchange contracts is contained in th ese note s.  see note to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t inventories inventories by major classification are as follows inventories in millions dec.  dec.  gross value allowance for obsoles cence net value gross value allowance for obsoles cence net value merchandise and finished goods on hand goods in transit raw materials work in progress inventories goods in transit mainly relate to shipments of finished goods and merchandise from suppliers in asia to subsidiaries in europe north america asia and latin america

Score 0.484
there are no intersegment sales between the reportable segments.  accounting and valuation policies applied for reporting segmental information are the same as those used for adidas.  see note the results of the operating segments are reported in the line item segmental operating profit .  this is defined as gross profit minus other operating expenses plus royalty and commission income and other operating income attributable to the segment without considering headquarter costs and central expenditure for marketing

Score 0.483
in addition the asiapacific market has been split into two separate markets japan and south korea a nd southeast asia and pacific have been merged with the new emerging markets market.  the north america latin america and china markets remain unchanged.  in line with this reporting structure of the company for management purposes by market and in accorda nce with the definition of ifrs operating segments seven operating segments have thus been identified as of january europe emerging markets north america china latin america japan and south korea.  due to the small size of the two operat ing segments japan and south korea they are combined for external segment reporting as japansouth korea

Score 0.482
inventories finished goods and merchandise are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value which is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.  costs are determined using a standard valuation method the average cost method .  costs of finished goods include the cost of direct materials and labor and the components of the manufacturing overheads that can be reasonably attributed to finished goods.  the allocation of overheads is based on the planned average utilization

Score 0.481
thereof noncurrent marketing personnel returns and warranty taxes other than income taxes customs sundry other provisions marketing provisions mainly consist of provisions for promotion contracts which are comprised of obligations to clubs and athletes.  provisions for personnel mainly consist of provisions for short and longterm variable compensation components as well as of provisions for social plans relating to restructuring measures.  provisions for returns and warranty primarily arise due to the obligation of fulfilling cus tomer claims with regard to the return of products sold by adidas.  the amount of the provision follows the historical development of returns and warranty as well as current agreements

Score 0.481
prepaid expenses return assets tax receivables other than income taxes contract assets sundry other current assets gross less accumulated allowances other current assets net prepaid expenses mainly relate to promotion and service contracts .  the decrease in the line item tax receivables other than income taxes relates mainly to valueadded tax.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t property plant and equipment the following table presents a reconciliation of the carrying amount of property plant and equipment property plant and equipment in millions land and buildings technical equipment and machinery other equipment furniture and fixtures construction in progress property plant and equipment acquisition cost january additions disposals transfers decrease in companies consolidated currency translation differences december january additions disposals transfers decrease in companies consolidated currency translation differences december accumulated depreciation and impairment january depreciation impairment losses reversals of impairment losses disposals transfers decrease in companies consolidated currency translation differences december january to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t property plant and equipment in millions land and buildings technical equipment and machinery other equipment furniture and fixtures construction in progress property plant and equipment depreciation impairment losses reversals of impairment losses disposals transfers decrease in companies consolidated currency translation differences december net carrying amount january december january december as a general principle it is regularly assessed whether there are any indications that property plant and equipment might be impaired.  irrespective of the existence of such indications furniture and fixtures in adidas own retail stores as part of the cashgenerating unit are tested annually for impairment whereby the recoverable amount value in use of the cashgenerating un it as part of determining the profitability of adidas own retail stores is calculated using the discounted cash flow method

Score 0.481
the line item sundry mainly relates to payables due to customs authorities.  further information about forward e xchange contracts is contained in th ese note s.  see note other provisions other provisions consist of the following other provisions in millions jan.  additions change in discounted amount usage reversals currency translation differences dec

Score 0.48
thereof noncurrent dec.  thereof noncurrent goods and services not yet invoiced marketing and sales personnel sundry accrued liabilities accrued liabilities for marketing and sales mainly consist of accruals for distribution such as discounts rebates and sales commissions.  accrued liabilities for personnel mainly consist of accruals for outstanding salary payments such as bonuses and overtime as well as outstanding vacation.  sundry accrued liabilities include accruals for interest

Score 0.48
for the environmental objectives of climate change mitigation and climate change adaptation as in the prior year it is necessary to provide information on the degree to which taxonomyeligible economic activities a re taxonomyaligned and to disclose the corresponding financial kpis.  despite the expansion of the taxonomy disclosure requirements in the adidas core business activities i. e.  the manufacturing of textiles and footwear as well as wholesale and reta il sale thereof remain unmentioned in the delegated acts and therefore noneligible for any of the six environmental objectives

Score 0.48
a quarterly tax risk questionnaire and the corporate tax and customs teams are involved in critical business transactions.  compliance with global tax and customs policies and controls is monitored by the corporate tax and customs teams internal controls experts and the internal audit department.  w e closely monitor changes in legislation to properly adopt regulatory requirements regarding customs and taxes apply any available and applicable guidance from tax authorities and organizations such as the oecd the world customs organization and the wor ld trade organization and seek guidance from individual authorities as appropriate which may include requesting tax rulings from a tax authority.  in addition our internal legal customs and tax teams advise our operational management teams to ensure appropriate and compliant business practices

Score 0.48
pp royalty and commission income .  other operating income .  other operating expenses .  of net sales

Score 0.479
.  the company s disclosures relating to the accounting policies applied with respect to the inventories line item are contained in section of the notes to the consolidated financial statements summary of significant accounting policies.  in addition the disclosur es on inventories are contained in section inventories .

Score 0.479
e.  the manufacturing of textiles and footwear as well as wholesale and reta il sale thereof remain unmentioned in the delegated acts and therefore noneligible for any of the six environmental objectives.  in addition as per delegated regulation eu we are required to provide specific disclosures on economic activitie s related to the fossil gas and nuclear energy sectors.  we carried out related activities in due to the operation of a district heating plant in germany although similar to not to a material extent

Score 0.478
to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t net sales by product category in cost of sales decreases in line with net sales development cost of sales is defined as the amount we pay to third parties for expenses associated with producing and delivering our products.  in addition ownproduction expenses are also included in the cost of sales.  however these expenses represent only a very sm all portion of total cost of sales.  in cost of sales was million representing a decrease of compared to the prior year level of million

Score 0.478
provisions for personnel mainly consist of provisions for short and longterm variable compensation components as well as of provisions for social plans relating to restructuring measures.  provisions for returns and warranty primarily arise due to the obligation of fulfilling cus tomer claims with regard to the return of products sold by adidas.  the amount of the provision follows the historical development of returns and warranty as well as current agreements.  provisions for taxes other than income taxes mainly relate to value ad ded tax real estate tax and motor vehicle tax

Score 0.478
the share of dtc business consisting of own retail and ecommerce sales was in .  our adiclub membership program is now established in around countries enabling us to build direct relationships with our consumers .  net sales by channe l to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t wholesale our primary goal in wholesale in was to improve our relationships with our partners and collaborate with them to navigate in a challenging retail environment.  through meticulous planning and strategic foresight we executed transition plans with the explicit aim of regaining trust and achieving a significantly improved business setup by yearend

Score 0.478
to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t segmental information ii in millions capital expenditure depreciation and amortization impairment losses and reversals of impairment losses emea north america greater china asiapacific latin america reportable segments other businesses total year ending december .  the following table shows the net sales with third parties broken down by segment and product group.  net sales with third parties in millions emea north america greater china asiapacific footwear apparel accessories and gear total latin america reportable segments other businesses total footwear apparel accessories and gear total reconciliations the following tables include reconciliations of segmental information to the aggregate numbers of the consolidated financial statements taking into account items which are not directly attributable to a segment.  net sales third parties in millions year ending dec

Score 0.477
at initial recognition trade receivables that do not have a significant financing component are measured at their transaction price.  subsequently a financial asset is measured at amortized cost fair value through other comprehensive income debt instrument fair value through other comprehensive income equity instrument or fair value through profit or loss.  a financial asset is measured at amortized cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated at fair value through profit or loss the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contra ctual cash flows business model hold to collect and the financial assets contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.  a financial asset is measured at fair value through other comprehensive income if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated at fair value through profit or loss the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both c ollecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets business model hold to collect and sell and its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outst anding

Score 0.477
depreciation and amortization as well as impairment losses and reversals of impairment losses no t directly attributable to a segment are presented under line items hq and consolidation in the reconciliations.  segmental liabilities only contain accounts payable from operating activities as there are no other liability items reported regularly to t he chief operating decisionmaker.  interest income and interest expenses as well as income taxes are not allocated to the reportable segments and are not reported separately to the chief operating decisionmaker.  segmental information i in millions net sales third parties segmental operating profit segmental assets segmental liabilities emea north america greater china asiapacific latin america reportable segments other businesses total figures adjusted due to a shift between the latin and north america segments

Score 0.477
to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t overview of selected subsequent measurement principles subsequent measurement principle assets cash and cash equivalents amortized cost cash and cash equivalents investments in certain money market funds fair value through profit or loss accounts receivable amortized cost inventories lower of cost and net realizable value property plant and equipment amortized cost rightofuse assets amortized cost goodwill impairmentonly approach intangible assets except goodwill with definite useful life amortized cost with indefinite useful life impairmentonly approach financial assets see separate table liabilities borrowings amortized cost accounts payable amortized cost liabilitiesprovisions for cashsettled sharebased payment arrangements fair value through profit or loss derivatives not used in hedge accounting fair value through profit or loss derivatives used in hedge accounting fair value through other comprehensive income other financial liabilities amortized cost provisions pensions projected unit credit method other provisions expected settlement amount accrued liabilities amortized cost lease liabilities amortized cost financial assets are classified and measured according to ifrs  .  all purchases and sales of financial assets with the exception of trade receivables are recognized on the trade date and initially measured at fair value.  at initial recognition trade receivables that do not have a significant financing component are measured at their transaction price.  subsequently a financial asset is measured at amortized cost fair value through other comprehensive income debt instrument fair value through other comprehensive income equity instrument or fair value through profit or loss

Score 0.476
compliance with global tax and customs policies and controls is monitored by the corporate tax and customs teams internal controls experts and the internal audit department.  w e closely monitor changes in legislation to properly adopt regulatory requirements regarding customs and taxes apply any available and applicable guidance from tax authorities and organizations such as the oecd the world customs organization and the wor ld trade organization and seek guidance from individual authorities as appropriate which may include requesting tax rulings from a tax authority.  in addition our internal legal customs and tax teams advise our operational management teams to ensure appropriate and compliant business practices.  our specialized staff receive adequate training for their role and nontax or noncustoms staff are made aware of potential tax and customs matters relevant to their roles

Score 0.476
thereof noncurrent goods and services not yet invoiced marketing and sales personnel sundry accrued liabilities accrued liabilities for marketing and sales mainly consist of accruals for distribution such as discounts rebates and sales commissions.  accrued liabilities for personnel mainly consist of accruals for outstanding salary payments such as bonuses and overtime as well as outstanding vacation.  sundry accrued liabilities include accruals for interest.  other current li abilities other current liabilities consist of the following other current liabilities in millions dec

Score 0.475
during we were not involved in the public policy regarding tax law or tax law changes in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate.  tax planning we ensure that the tax profile of our activities is aligned with the substance of t he operating structures of our business.  accordingly transactions have commercial and economic substance and we do not put in place arrangements that are contrived or artificial.  our transfer pricing policy requires that intragroup transactions be carr ied out on an armslength basis

Score 0.474
net sales with third parties in millions emea north america greater china asiapacific footwear apparel accessories and gear total latin america reportable segments other businesses total footwear apparel accessories and gear total reconciliations the following tables include reconciliations of segmental information to the aggregate numbers of the consolidated financial statements taking into account items which are not directly attributable to a segment.  net sales third parties in millions year ending dec.  year ending dec.  reportable segments other businesses hq consolidation total net sales to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t operating profit in millions year ending dec

Score 0.474
the decrease in the line item tax receivables other than income taxes relates mainly to valueadded tax.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t property plant and equipment the following table presents a reconciliation of the carrying amount of property plant and equipment property plant and equipment in millions land and buildings technical equipment and machinery other equipment furniture and fixtures construction in progress property plant and equipment acquisition cost january additions disposals transfers decrease in companies consolidated currency translation differences december january additions disposals transfers decrease in companies consolidated currency translation differences december accumulated depreciation and impairment january depreciation impairment losses reversals of impairment losses disposals transfers decrease in companies consolidated currency translation differences december january to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t property plant and equipment in millions land and buildings technical equipment and machinery other equipment furniture and fixtures construction in progress property plant and equipment depreciation impairment losses reversals of impairment losses disposals transfers decrease in companies consolidated currency translation differences december net carrying amount january december january december as a general principle it is regularly assessed whether there are any indications that property plant and equipment might be impaired.  irrespective of the existence of such indications furniture and fixtures in adidas own retail stores as part of the cashgenerating unit are tested annually for impairment whereby the recoverable amount value in use of the cashgenerating un it as part of determining the profitability of adidas own retail stores is calculated using the discounted cash flow method .  impairment losses recognized in mainly relate to the companys own retail activities for which contrary to initial expe ctations no sufficient future economic benefit is expected

Score 0.474
dec.  prepaid expenses return assets tax receivables other than income taxes contract assets sundry other current assets gross less accumulated allowances other current assets net prepaid expenses mainly relate to promotion and service contracts .  the decrease in the line item tax receivables other than income taxes relates mainly to valueadded tax.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t property plant and equipment the following table presents a reconciliation of the carrying amount of property plant and equipment property plant and equipment in millions land and buildings technical equipment and machinery other equipment furniture and fixtures construction in progress property plant and equipment acquisition cost january additions disposals transfers decrease in companies consolidated currency translation differences december january additions disposals transfers decrease in companies consolidated currency translation differences december accumulated depreciation and impairment january depreciation impairment losses reversals of impairment losses disposals transfers decrease in companies consolidated currency translation differences december january to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t property plant and equipment in millions land and buildings technical equipment and machinery other equipment furniture and fixtures construction in progress property plant and equipment depreciation impairment losses reversals of impairment losses disposals transfers decrease in companies consolidated currency translation differences december net carrying amount january december january december as a general principle it is regularly assessed whether there are any indications that property plant and equipment might be impaired

Score 0.474
gross value allowance for obsoles cence net value gross value allowance for obsoles cence net value merchandise and finished goods on hand goods in transit raw materials work in progress inventories goods in transit mainly relate to shipments of finished goods and merchandise from suppliers in asia to subsidiaries in europe north america asia and latin america.  expenses from writedown on inventories amounted to million in million.  as of december inventories include yeezy products in the amount of approximately million.  this includes impairment losses of million in which were recognized based on management estimates

Score 0.474
at the balance sheet date the costs are compared against the net realizable values which are determined by deducting the directly attributable selling costs to be incurred prior to sale of the inventories from the sales proceeds expected to be generated.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t net realizable values are calculated based on d iscretionary planning assumptions as to the sales proceeds realizable in the ordinary course of business less necessary selling costs which are derived on the basis of historical observable data.  in particular the age seasonality of the inventories and the selected sales channel to be used in future sales are significant.  the impairment test resulted in a writedown on inventories as of the balance sheet date amounting to eur million in total

Score 0.474
g.  order placement sellthrough rates at the point of sale average selling prices discounts store traffic that help us identify changes in the retail environment and quickly take appropriate action such as closing or remodeling our own st ores.  we constantly adjust our segmentation strategies to ensure that the right product is sold at the right point of sale at an appropriate price.  continuous investment in research and development ensures that we remain innovative and distinct from compet itors

Score 0.474
matter and issue .  audit approach and findings .  reference to further information hereinafter we present the key audit matters .  re coverability of inventories

Score 0.474
in addition certain eligible retail leas e locations are heritage sites for which it is not possible to obtain epc class a certification.  however we have certain eligible lease contracts in connection with smaller warehouse dubai retail poland and corporate office locations sweden and the netherlands that fulfill the substantial contribution criteri on.  this reflects our commitment to decarbonize our own operations as well as our more pronounced ability to influence the design and development of major real estate investments related to ou r operational infrastructure.  see own operations the relevant applicable dnsh criterion for building leases relates to the environmental objective of climate change adaptation and refers to the performance of a robus t climate risk and vulnerability assessment as per appendix a to annex i of the delegated regulation

Score 0.473
see note other current financial assets other current financial assets consist of the following other current financial assets in millions dec.  dec.  currency options forward exchange contracts suppliers with debit balances security deposits receivables from credit cards and similar receivables customs receivables from retail business other investments deferred consideration of reebok sale sundry other current financial assets gross less accumulated allowances other current financial assets net further information about currency options and forward exchange contracts is contained in th ese note s.  see note to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t inventories inventories by major classification are as follows inventories in millions dec

Score 0.472
net sales as reported in the consolidated income statement.  el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant envi ronmental objective.  proportion of turnovertotal turnover taxonomyaligned per objective taxonomyeligible per objective ccm cca wtr ce ppc bio to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t proportion of capex from products or services associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering year business year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities code capex proportion of capex climate change mitigation climate change adaptation water pollution circular economy biodiversity climate change mitigation climate change adaptation water pollution circular economy biodiversity minimum safeguards proportion of taxonomyaligned a.

Score 0.472
taxonomy noneligible activities turnover of taxonomy noneligible activities b total a b y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  ccm climate change mitigation cca climate change adaptation wtr water and marine resources ppc pollution prevention and control ce circular economy bio biodiversity and ecosystems.  net sales as reported in the consolidated income statement.  el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant envi ronmental objective

Score 0.47
provisions for returns and warranty primarily arise due to the obligation of fulfilling cus tomer claims with regard to the return of products sold by adidas.  the amount of the provision follows the historical development of returns and warranty as well as current agreements.  provisions for taxes other than income taxes mainly relate to value ad ded tax real estate tax and motor vehicle tax.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t sundry provisions mainly include provisions for onerous contracts as well as for dismantling and restoration costs

Score 0.469
the eu taxonomy regulation and the delegated acts issued thereunder contain wording and terms that are still subject to considerable interpretation uncertainties and for which clarifications have not yet been published in every case.  therefore the executive directors have disclosed their interpretation of the eu taxonomy regulation and the delegated acts adopted thereunder in section eutaxonomy of the combined nonfinancial statement.  they are responsible for the defensibility of this interpretation.  due to pricewaterhousecoopers gmbh has performed a limited and reasonable assurance engagement on the german version of the combined nonfinancial statement and issued an independent practitioners report in german language which is au thoritative

Score 0.469
taxonomyaligned the following three prerequisites must be fulfilled substantial contribution the activity makes a substantial contribution to one of the environmental objectives by meeting the technical screening criteria defined for this economic activity .  do no significant harm dnsh by fulfilling further criteria it can be demonstrated that the activity does not do significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives .  minimum safeguards the company perform ing the activity must have implemented and adhere to minimum safeguards relating to human rights including labor rights bribery corruption taxation and fair competition .  reporting scope for fiscal year the delegated regulation delegated regulation eu on article   of the taxonomy specifies the content methodology and presentation of information to be disclosed by financial and nonfinancial undertakings concerning the proportion of environmentally sustainable economic activi ties in their business investments or lending activities

Score 0.467
currencyneutral accessories and gear sales were up mainly reflecting a doubledigit increase in football .  net sales by product category in millions change change currencyneutral footwear apparel accessories and gear total prior year figures restated due to hqconsolidation.  see note .  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t net sales by product category in cost of sales decreases in line with net sales development cost of sales is defined as the amount we pay to third parties for expenses associated with producing and delivering our products

Score 0.467
.  . pp distribution and selling expenses .  of net sales

Score 0.466
the company limited pointofsale expenses at times and in regions with heightened promotional activity in the market place .  as a percentage of sales marketing and pointofsale expenses decreased .  percen tage points to .

Score 0.465
led lighting in retail stores .  acquisition and ownership of buildings including building leases assessment of taxonomy alignment of taxonomyeligible activities for taxonomyeligible activities at adidas the environmental objectiv e of climate change mitigation is applicable not climate change adaptation since these activities are intended to positively impact our carbon footprint.  hence the taxonomyeligible activities have been assessed according to the substantial contribution and dnsh criteria as laid out in annex i to the delegated regulation eu .  since the identified taxonomyeligible activities relate to the purchase of output from potentially taxonomyaligned activities performing the taxonomy assessment was dependent on the input of the relevant information from the respective thirdparty suppliers

Score 0.465
we seek to manage tax and customs risks in a balanced way that bears an appropriate relationship to the operating structure commercial and economic substance and other business risks.  to proactively manage such risks we constantly seek expert advice from specialized independent law and tax advisory firms i n areas such as process design transaction advisory compliance and tax or customs audits.  processes are in place requiring that attention is regularly directed to potential areas of tax or customs risk e. g

Score 0.465
an assessment of the taxonomy alignment against the respective criteria laid out in annex i of the delegated regulation was conducted in a structured manner as far as this was possible with reasonable effort .  while the eligible activities fulfill the substantial contribution criterion none of them are considered to be taxonomyaligned as a result of the noncompliance with the dnsh assessment.    minimum safeguards the minimum safeguards f orm part of the taxonomy alignment criteria.  their purpose is to clarify that eligible economic activities can only be environmentally sustainable when performed in circumstances which are compliant with social norms and certain minimum governance standard s

Score 0.465
furthermore in the context of substantive audit procedures we obtained evidence in particular delivery certificates invoices and receipts of payments of the existence and accrual of revenue in order to assess whether the recognized and accrues revenues were based on a corresponding shipment or transfer of goods.  in addition we evaluated the mathematical correctness of the executive directors calculation of e xpected returns.  we compared the expected returns against historical sales channelspecific return rates and the returned merchandise recorded in the financial accounting records.  we were able to satisfy ourselves that the estimates and assumptions made b y the executive directors in connection with the appropriate accounting treatment of the revenue were sufficiently substantiated and documented

Score 0.465
risks related to tax and customs regulations numerous laws and regulations regarding customs and taxes as well as changes in such laws and regulations affect the companys business practices worldwide.  noncompliance with regulations concerning pr oduct imports including calculation of customs values intercompany transactions or income taxes could lead to substantial financial penalties and additional costs as well as negative media coverage and therefore reputational damage for example in case of understatements or underpayments of corporate income taxes or customs duties.  changes in regulations regarding customs and taxes may also have a substantial impact on the companys sourcing costs or income taxes.  therefore we also create provisions in accordance with the relevant accounting regulations to account for potential disputes with customs or tax authorities

Score 0.464
in a gain of million was reclassified into the net sales and a loss of million was reclassified into the cost of sales.  in additi on hedging instruments not designated as hedge accounting in accordance with ifrs were canceled to minimize the economic risk.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t the following table provides a reconciliation by risk category of components of equity and analysis of oci items net of tax resulting from cash flow hedge accounting changes of reserves by risk category in millions hedging reserve cost of hedging reserve balance at january cash flow hedges changes in fair value foreign currency risk sales foreign currency risk inventory purchases foreign currency risk net foreign investment amount no longer recognized in oci foreign currency risk contracts during the year amount included in the cost of nonfinancial items foreign currency risk inventory purchases tax on movements of reserves during the year equity hedges changes in fair value amount reclassified to profit or loss balance at december changes of reserves by risk category in millions hedging reserve cost of hedging reserve balance at january cash flow hedges changes in fair value foreign currency risk sales foreign currency risk inventory purchases foreign currency risk net foreign investment amount no longer recognized in oci foreign currency risk contracts during the year amount included in the cost of nonfinancial items foreign currency risk inventory purchases tax on movements on reserves during the year equity hedges changes in fair value amount reclassified to profit or loss balance at december to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t in order to determine the fair values of derivatives that are not publicly traded adidas uses generally accepted quantitative financial models based on market conditions prevailing at the balance sheet date.  notes to the consolidated income statement other operating income other operating income consists of the following other operating income in millions year ending dec

Score 0.464
other operating expenses .  of net sales .  .

Score 0.464
despite the expansion of the taxonomy disclosure requirements in the adidas core business activities i. e.  the manufacturing of textiles and footwear as well as wholesale and reta il sale thereof remain unmentioned in the delegated acts and therefore noneligible for any of the six environmental objectives.  in addition as per delegated regulation eu we are required to provide specific disclosures on economic activitie s related to the fossil gas and nuclear energy sectors

Score 0.463
additions dis posals gains losses gains losses transfers currency translation fair value dec.  investments in other equity instruments held for trading fahft investments in other equity instruments fvtpl investments in other equity instruments fvoci earnout components assets reconciliation of fair value hierarchy level in in millions realized unrealized fair value jan.  additions dis posals gains losses gains losses transfers currency translation fair value dec.  investments in other equity instruments held for trading fahft investments in other equity instruments fvtpl investments in other equity instruments fvoci promissory notes fvtpl earnout components assets due to the shortterm maturities of cash and cash equivalents shortterm financial assets and accounts receivable and payable as well as other current financial receivables and payables their respective fair values equal their carrying amount

Score 0.462
the carrying amount of recognized inventories must be reduced if the inventories are damaged or partially obsolete and the expected net realizable values are less than the costs.  at the balance sheet date the costs are compared against the net realizable values which are determined by deducting the directly attributable selling costs to be incurred prior to sale of the inventories from the sales proceeds expected to be generated.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t net realizable values are calculated based on d iscretionary planning assumptions as to the sales proceeds realizable in the ordinary course of business less necessary selling costs which are derived on the basis of historical observable data.  in particular the age seasonality of the inventories and the selected sales channel to be used in future sales are significant

Score 0.462
. pp marketing and pointofsale expenses .  of net sales .

Score 0.462
channel mix wholesale remained our largest channel accounting for of total net sales in .  the share of dtc business consisting of own retail and ecommerce sales was in .  our adiclub membership program is now established in around countries enabling us to build direct relationships with our consumers .  net sales by channe l to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t wholesale our primary goal in wholesale in was to improve our relationships with our partners and collaborate with them to navigate in a challenging retail environment

Score 0.462
dec.  gross value allowance for obsoles cence net value gross value allowance for obsoles cence net value merchandise and finished goods on hand goods in transit raw materials work in progress inventories goods in transit mainly relate to shipments of finished goods and merchandise from suppliers in asia to subsidiaries in europe north america asia and latin america.  expenses from writedown on inventories amounted to million in million.  as of december inventories include yeezy products in the amount of approximately million

Score 0.462
pp distribution and selling expenses .  of net sales .  .

Score 0.461
this rating reflects that these licensees have succes sfully demonstrated that they have embedded strong governance systems supply chain management and purchasing practices compliance requirements into their business practices.  licensees are also assessed on the existence of policies and systems to address stakeholder engagement as well as levels of public reporting and communication.  noncompliances identified in active factories our manufacturing partners facilities are evaluated against a number of critical compliance issues.  while threshold issues are considered serious but correctable noncompliances that can be addressed through remedial action within a specified timeframe zerotolerance issues such as forced labor child labor practices or critical lifethreatening health safety and environ ment conditions immediately trigger a warning and potential disqualification of a supplier