Scores_e_WATER SUPPLY; SEWERAGE, WASTE MANAGEMENT AND REMEDIATION ACTIVITIESScore 0.614
as of of our own operations by square meters are monitoring and tracking waste.  by the end of a total of tons tons of waste wa s generated and we achieved an accumulated diversion rate of for administrative offices and distribution centers.  transportation we regularly track the environmental impact related to the transport of our goods.  compared to the previou s year performance remained relatively stable

Score 0.609
at own operations during we continued to focus on improving the quality of wasterelated data from our administrative offices and distribution centers by upskilling team members on the data collection process of waste st reams.  this resulted in a higher data quality but also a lower diversion rate.  as of of our own operations by square meters are monitoring and tracking waste.  by the end of a total of tons tons of waste wa s generated and we achieved an accumulated diversion rate of for administrative offices and distribution centers

Score 0.59
through recycling or reuse.  we have developed waste management guidelines to help our suppliers improve waste segregation in manufacturing prioritizing recyclin g and reuse of nonhazardous waste.  these guidelines specify that the nonrecyclable waste materials should not be directly landfilled.  we developed a waste diversion program to use nonrecyclable manufacturing waste in energy production in collaboration w ith coprocessing partners in our major sourcing countries

Score 0.588
g.  through recycling or reuse.  we have developed waste management guidelines to help our suppliers improve waste segregation in manufacturing prioritizing recyclin g and reuse of nonhazardous waste.  these guidelines specify that the nonrecyclable waste materials should not be directly landfilled

Score 0.583
globally the suppliers enrolled in our environmental program collectively achieved a landfill diversion in .  at own operations during we continued to focus on improving the quality of wasterelated data from our administrative offices and distribution centers by upskilling team members on the data collection process of waste st reams.  this resulted in a higher data quality but also a lower diversion rate.  as of of our own operations by square meters are monitoring and tracking waste

Score 0.581
this resulted in a higher data quality but also a lower diversion rate.  as of of our own operations by square meters are monitoring and tracking waste.  by the end of a total of tons tons of waste wa s generated and we achieved an accumulated diversion rate of for administrative offices and distribution centers.  transportation we regularly track the environmental impact related to the transport of our goods

Score 0.57
to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t waste management we make continuous efforts toward optimizing waste diversion acro ss our supply chain with the aim of increasing the value of waste within the life cycle e. g.  through recycling or reuse.  we have developed waste management guidelines to help our suppliers improve waste segregation in manufacturing prioritizing recyclin g and reuse of nonhazardous waste

Score 0.567
progress toward target as previously defined was that of suppliers used at least level chemicals .  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t waste management we make continuous efforts toward optimizing waste diversion acro ss our supply chain with the aim of increasing the value of waste within the life cycle e. g.  through recycling or reuse

Score 0.54
overall we achieved an accumulative reduction of compared to the baseline .  mm and with that exceed ed the target we set ourselves for .  chemical management we are dedicated to leading our supply chain to implement more sustainable chemical management practices using globally recognized guidelines throughout our production processes.  we apply an endtoend approach that includes using safe chemicals eliminating potentially harmful substances and ensuring proper discharge of treated wastewater that meets the highest standards

Score 0.54
at our own operations globally we aim to strengthen water efficiency and wastewater projects in the coming years.  by the end of our water intensity at administrative offices and distribution centers totaled .  mm . mm

Score 0.536
to further optimize waste diversion we have scaled up this solution across the globe especially in sourcing countries with immature coprocessing infrastructure.  globally the suppliers enrolled in our environmental program collectively achieved a landfill diversion in .  at own operations during we continued to focus on improving the quality of wasterelated data from our administrative offices and distribution centers by upskilling team members on the data collection process of waste st reams.  this resulted in a higher data quality but also a lower diversion rate

Score 0.534
environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a. .  a.

Score 0.533
mm and with that exceed ed the target we set ourselves for .  chemical management we are dedicated to leading our supply chain to implement more sustainable chemical management practices using globally recognized guidelines throughout our production processes.  we apply an endtoend approach that includes using safe chemicals eliminating potentially harmful substances and ensuring proper discharge of treated wastewater that meets the highest standards.  as a founding member and signatory contributor we maintained our str ong collaboration with the zero discharge of hazardous chemicals zdhc foundation and supported them by actively participating in various task teams dedicated to the development of guidelines and trainings

Score 0.53
environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a. .  a.

Score 0.529
.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a. .  a

Score 0.527
g.  landfill and incineration.  scope and im pacts are calculated based on of reported environmental quantities primary data in the health and safety environment and energy hsee own operations data collection systems and by estimations.  the estimati ons are calculated by scaling up the p rimary data collected at the facility or site level to a companywide level on the basis of gross lease area in square meters

Score 0.527
target was revised for clarity in .  progress toward target as previously defined was that of suppliers used at least level chemicals .  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t waste management we make continuous efforts toward optimizing waste diversion acro ss our supply chain with the aim of increasing the value of waste within the life cycle e. g

Score 0.526
we have developed waste management guidelines to help our suppliers improve waste segregation in manufacturing prioritizing recyclin g and reuse of nonhazardous waste.  these guidelines specify that the nonrecyclable waste materials should not be directly landfilled.  we developed a waste diversion program to use nonrecyclable manufacturing waste in energy production in collaboration w ith coprocessing partners in our major sourcing countries.  coprocessing is a proven and sustainable solution that can reduce pollution reduce consumption of natural resources reduce landfill space and ultimately contribute to a smaller carbon footprin t

Score 0.524
taxonomy noneligible activities opex of taxonomy noneligible activities total y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objecti ve nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  ccm climate change mitigation cca climate change adaptation wtr water and marine resources ppc pollution prevention and control ce circular econo my bio biodiversity and ecosystems.  el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  proportion of opextotal opex taxonomyaligned per objective taxonomyeligible per objective ccm cca wtr ce ppc bio to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t nuclear and fossil gasrelated activities nuclear energyrelated activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to research development demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle

Score 0.52
taxonomyeligible activities a. .  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.

Score 0.519
coprocessing is a proven and sustainable solution that can reduce pollution reduce consumption of natural resources reduce landfill space and ultimately contribute to a smaller carbon footprin t.  to further optimize waste diversion we have scaled up this solution across the globe especially in sourcing countries with immature coprocessing infrastructure.  globally the suppliers enrolled in our environmental program collectively achieved a landfill diversion in .  at own operations during we continued to focus on improving the quality of wasterelated data from our administrative offices and distribution centers by upskilling team members on the data collection process of waste st reams

Score 0.517
.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a. .  a

Score 0.515
taxonomyeligible activities a. .  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned .

Score 0.514
to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t the taxonomy is a classification system for environmentally sustainable economic activities.  an economic activity is considered t axonomyeligible if it is described in one of the delegated acts of the taxonomy and has the potential to support the achieve ment of at least one of the following six environmental objectives climate change mitigation climate change adaptation sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems.  for an activity to be considered and reported as environmentally su stainable i. e

Score 0.508
includes environmental assessments and wastewater test assessments according to the zdhc wastewater guidelines.  includes audits done in licensee factories.  to complement our broader sustainability efforts we monitor our suppliers to ensure compliance with our environmental standards and guidelines and to validate their performance against annual environmental targets.  in facilities in countries were assessed and evaluated for their environmental performance which represented of our key tier and tier manufacturing partners and selected to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t tier suppliers enrolled in our sourcing sustainability program

Score 0.506
turnover category enabling activity category transitional activity in millions in yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn yn yn yn yn yn yn in e t a.  taxonomyeligible activities a. .  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.505
el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  proportion of opextotal opex taxonomyaligned per objective taxonomyeligible per objective ccm cca wtr ce ppc bio to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t nuclear and fossil gasrelated activities nuclear energyrelated activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to research development demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production as well as their safety upgrades using best available technologies.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process he at including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy as well as their safety upgrades

Score 0.501
we will continue to guide our suppliers through capacity building and best practice sharing to ensure a smooth transition to the application of the new gui delines .  target was revised for clarity in .  progress toward target as previously defined was that of suppliers used at least level chemicals .  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t waste management we make continuous efforts toward optimizing waste diversion acro ss our supply chain with the aim of increasing the value of waste within the life cycle e

Score 0.501
by the end of our water intensity at administrative offices and distribution centers totaled .  mm . mm.  in the year under review we saw a decrease of the absolute to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t volume of water withdrawal compared to due to reduced operations at some locations

Score 0.497
by the end of a total of tons tons of waste wa s generated and we achieved an accumulated diversion rate of for administrative offices and distribution centers.  transportation we regularly track the environmental impact related to the transport of our goods.  compared to the previou s year performance remained relatively stable.  while the use of air freight decreased to in as part of our efforts to counterbalance covidrelated supply chain challenges the vast majority of our transportation continued to take place via sea freight and truck

Score 0.493
capex category enabling activity category transitional activity in millions in yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn yn yn yn yn yn yn in e t a.  taxonomyeligible activities a. .  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned

Score 0.492
landfill and incineration.  scope and im pacts are calculated based on of reported environmental quantities primary data in the health and safety environment and energy hsee own operations data collection systems and by estimations.  the estimati ons are calculated by scaling up the p rimary data collected at the facility or site level to a companywide level on the basis of gross lease area in square meters.  intensity factor to calculate emissions per product excludes emissions resulting from use of sold products to align with our ghg reduction target for as approved by the sbti

Score 0.491
ccm climate change mitigation cca climate change adaptation wtr water and marine resources ppc pollution prevention and control ce circular eco nomy bio biodiversity and ecosystems.  el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  the denominator of the capex kpi contain s in accordance with the definition of the taxonomy and as disclosed in this annual report additions to buildings technica l equipment and machinery other equipment furniture and fixtures rightofuse assets and other intangible assets before depre ciation amortization and remeasurements.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t proportion of capextotal capex taxonomyaligned per objective taxonomyeligible per objective ccm cca wtr ce ppc bio to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t proportion of opex from products or services associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering year business year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities code opex proportion of opex climate change mitigation climate change adaptation water pollution circular economy biodiversity climate change mitigation climate change adaptation water pollution circular economy biodiversity minimum safeguards proportion of taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.489
in the year under review we saw a decrease of the absolute to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t volume of water withdrawal compared to due to reduced operations at some locations.  overall we achieved an accumulative reduction of compared to the baseline .  mm and with that exceed ed the target we set ourselves for .  chemical management we are dedicated to leading our supply chain to implement more sustainable chemical management practices using globally recognized guidelines throughout our production processes

Score 0.489
.  y y y y y y y of which enabling y y y y y y y e of which transitional n n n n n n n t a. .  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel

Score 0.489
in facilities in countries were assessed and evaluated for their environmental performance which represented of our key tier and tier manufacturing partners and selected to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t tier suppliers enrolled in our sourcing sustainability program.  in additi on a total of wastewater test assessments were conducted according to the zdhc wastewater guidelines.  as we continue to increase our focus on addedvalue advisory services and empowerment projects which go beyond our regular audit routine the numbe r of internally managed audits decreased to in with assessments of all assessments performed by thirdparty monitors .  a total of of all direct and licensee facilities were audited in

Score 0.488
ccm climate change mitigation cca climate change adaptation wtr water and marine resources ppc pollution prevention and control ce circular econo my bio biodiversity and ecosystems.  el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  proportion of opextotal opex taxonomyaligned per objective taxonomyeligible per objective ccm cca wtr ce ppc bio to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t nuclear and fossil gasrelated activities nuclear energyrelated activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to research development demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production as well as their safety upgrades using best available technologies

Score 0.486
shortcomings in the area of health and safety identified during audits in other includes for example material storage housekeeping or waste management.  remediation of shortcomings we follow up on all cases of noncompliance and require our manufacturing partners to remediate open issues within a specified timeframe.  while in many cases the actual issues will have been resolved our approach is to only close these in our systems when we have verified evidence of completion and established that corrective actions taken are sustainable and sufficient to avoid reoccurrence .  to support remediation and ensure effective management systems are in place we undertake capacity building to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t especially for any identified highrisk issues

Score 0.483
taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel turnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  total a. .  a

Score 0.48
by we aim to achieve an overall reduction in water intensity of against the baseline.  this will be accomplished with the aid of new technologies and through continued support for our suppliers.  at our own operations globally we aim to strengthen water efficiency and wastewater projects in the coming years.  by the end of our water intensity at administrative offices and distribution centers totaled

Score 0.48
a.  b.  taxonomy noneligible activities turnover of taxonomy noneligible activities b total a b y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  ccm climate change mitigation cca climate change adaptation wtr water and marine resources ppc pollution prevention and control ce circular economy bio biodiversity and ecosystems

Score 0.478
a. .  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel turnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  total a

Score 0.478
when an operation is classified as a discontinued operation the comparative consolidated income statement and consolidated statement of cash flows are restated and presented as if the operation had been classified as such from the start of the comparative year.  see note property plant and equipment property plant and equipment are measured at amortized cost.  this comprises all costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to the con dition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t intended by management less any accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.  depreciation is recognized for those assets with the exception of land and construction in progres s over the estimated useful life utilizing the straightline method and taking into account any potential residual value

Score 0.473
an economic activity is considered t axonomyeligible if it is described in one of the delegated acts of the taxonomy and has the potential to support the achieve ment of at least one of the following six environmental objectives climate change mitigation climate change adaptation sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems.  for an activity to be considered and reported as environmentally su stainable i. e.  taxonomyaligned the following three prerequisites must be fulfilled substantial contribution the activity makes a substantial contribution to one of the environmental objectives by meeting the technical screening criteria defined for this economic activity

Score 0.471
the taxonomy will thereby support the eus climate energy and european green deal targets.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t the taxonomy is a classification system for environmentally sustainable economic activities.  an economic activity is considered t axonomyeligible if it is described in one of the delegated acts of the taxonomy and has the potential to support the achieve ment of at least one of the following six environmental objectives climate change mitigation climate change adaptation sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems.  for an activity to be considered and reported as environmentally su stainable i

Score 0.471
the data shown includes both initial assessments and initial assessment followups and includes onsite and desktop assessments.  audits conducted in approved factories that have passed the initial assessment including onsite and desktop assessments.  as of audits under the slcp and better work programs are included.  includes environmental assessments and wastewater test assessments according to the zdhc wastewater guidelines

Score 0.47
.  a. .  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel turnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a

Score 0.47
b.  taxonomy noneligible activities turnover of taxonomy noneligible activities b total a b y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  ccm climate change mitigation cca climate change adaptation wtr water and marine resources ppc pollution prevention and control ce circular economy bio biodiversity and ecosystems.  net sales as reported in the consolidated income statement

Score 0.468
the way chemicals were stored and used including the handling of hazardous chemicals accounted for of noncompliance findings reported.  a further o f the findings related to management systems policies and procedures and specifically a lack of compliance with our workplace standards and expectation for effective occupational health and safety systems including the recruitment and retention of qual ified safety staff.  shortcomings in the area of health and safety identified during audits in other includes for example material storage housekeeping or waste management.  remediation of shortcomings we follow up on all cases of noncompliance and require our manufacturing partners to remediate open issues within a specified timeframe

Score 0.468
taxonomy noneligible activities capex of taxonomy noneligible activities b total a b y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objecti ve nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  ccm climate change mitigation cca climate change adaptation wtr water and marine resources ppc pollution prevention and control ce circular eco nomy bio biodiversity and ecosystems.  el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  the denominator of the capex kpi contain s in accordance with the definition of the taxonomy and as disclosed in this annual report additions to buildings technica l equipment and machinery other equipment furniture and fixtures rightofuse assets and other intangible assets before depre ciation amortization and remeasurements

Score 0.466
installation maintenance and repair of energyefficient equ ipment e. g.  led lighting in retail stores .  acquisition and ownership of buildings including building leases assessment of taxonomy alignment of taxonomyeligible activities for taxonomyeligible activities at adidas the environmental objectiv e of climate change mitigation is applicable not climate change adaptation since these activities are intended to positively impact our carbon footprint

Score 0.465
upgrading targets for cleaner wastewater discharge ensuring clean wastewater discharge is of paramount importance to us.  we consistently surpassed our targets with of our supplier facilities meeting the zdhc wastewater foundational level in resulting from our proactive approach to evaluating effluent treatment plants and implementing corrective measures.  following a continuous overperformance we increased our target from initially to now aiming for of facilities that should meet this level by .  we have done so despite the fact that we anticipate revisions of the zdhc wastewater guideline next year for which we do not yet have full visibility of the new parameters to report on

Score 0.464
taxonomyeligible activities a. .  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.

Score 0.463
includes audits done in licensee factories.  to complement our broader sustainability efforts we monitor our suppliers to ensure compliance with our environmental standards and guidelines and to validate their performance against annual environmental targets.  in facilities in countries were assessed and evaluated for their environmental performance which represented of our key tier and tier manufacturing partners and selected to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t tier suppliers enrolled in our sourcing sustainability program.  in additi on a total of wastewater test assessments were conducted according to the zdhc wastewater guidelines

Score 0.462
endoflife treatment of old products emissions caused by disposal of sold products are estimated based on sales volumes and typic al waste disposal routes e. g.  landfill and incineration.  scope and im pacts are calculated based on of reported environmental quantities primary data in the health and safety environment and energy hsee own operations data collection systems and by estimations

Score 0.46
opex category enabling activity category transitional activity in millions in yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn yn yn yn yn yn yn in e t a.  taxonomyeligible activities a. .  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.46
y y y y y y y of which enabling y y y y y y y e of which transitional n n n n n n n t a. .  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel .

Score 0.459
for an activity to be considered and reported as environmentally su stainable i. e.  taxonomyaligned the following three prerequisites must be fulfilled substantial contribution the activity makes a substantial contribution to one of the environmental objectives by meeting the technical screening criteria defined for this economic activity .  do no significant harm dnsh by fulfilling further criteria it can be demonstrated that the activity does not do significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives

Score 0.459
.  values reported cover production seasons ss and fw.  within scope purchased goods and services considers the produc tion and processing of raw materials for which impacts are estimated based on quantities of materials and lifecycle analysis data.  all key production processes are considered

Score 0.458
an assessment of the taxonomy alignment against the respective criteria laid out in annex i of the delegated regulation was conducted in a structured manner as far as this was possible with reasonable effort .  while the eligible activities fulfill the substantial contribution criterion none of them are considered to be taxonomyaligned as a result of the noncompliance with the dnsh assessment.    minimum safeguards the minimum safeguards f orm part of the taxonomy alignment criteria.  their purpose is to clarify that eligible economic activities can only be environmentally sustainable when performed in circumstances which are compliant with social norms and certain minimum governance standard s

Score 0.457
to complement our broader sustainability efforts we monitor our suppliers to ensure compliance with our environmental standards and guidelines and to validate their performance against annual environmental targets.  in facilities in countries were assessed and evaluated for their environmental performance which represented of our key tier and tier manufacturing partners and selected to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t tier suppliers enrolled in our sourcing sustainability program.  in additi on a total of wastewater test assessments were conducted according to the zdhc wastewater guidelines.  as we continue to increase our focus on addedvalue advisory services and empowerment projects which go beyond our regular audit routine the numbe r of internally managed audits decreased to in with assessments of all assessments performed by thirdparty monitors

Score 0.457
.  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a . .  y y y y y y y of which enabling y y y y y y y e of which transitional n n n n n n n t a

Score 0.456
these guidelines specify that the nonrecyclable waste materials should not be directly landfilled.  we developed a waste diversion program to use nonrecyclable manufacturing waste in energy production in collaboration w ith coprocessing partners in our major sourcing countries.  coprocessing is a proven and sustainable solution that can reduce pollution reduce consumption of natural resources reduce landfill space and ultimately contribute to a smaller carbon footprin t.  to further optimize waste diversion we have scaled up this solution across the globe especially in sourcing countries with immature coprocessing infrastructure

Score 0.454
as mentioned above while the re porting requirement covers all six environmental objectives since the beginning of the main economic activities of our business model remain out of scope and we consequently have no turnovergenerating taxonomyeligible activities to report on.  as a result the following eligible economic activities have been identified for .  transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles including company car leases .  installation maintenance and repair of energyefficient equ ipment e

Score 0.453
el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  the denominator of the capex kpi contain s in accordance with the definition of the taxonomy and as disclosed in this annual report additions to buildings technica l equipment and machinery other equipment furniture and fixtures rightofuse assets and other intangible assets before depre ciation amortization and remeasurements.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t proportion of capextotal capex taxonomyaligned per objective taxonomyeligible per objective ccm cca wtr ce ppc bio to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t proportion of opex from products or services associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering year business year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities code opex proportion of opex climate change mitigation climate change adaptation water pollution circular economy biodiversity climate change mitigation climate change adaptation water pollution circular economy biodiversity minimum safeguards proportion of taxonomyaligned a.

Score 0.452
taxonomy noneligible activities turnover of taxonomy noneligible activities b total a b y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  ccm climate change mitigation cca climate change adaptation wtr water and marine resources ppc pollution prevention and control ce circular economy bio biodiversity and ecosystems.  net sales as reported in the consolidated income statement.  el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant envi ronmental objective

Score 0.452
.  b.  taxonomy noneligible activities opex of taxonomy noneligible activities total y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objecti ve nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  ccm climate change mitigation cca climate change adaptation wtr water and marine resources ppc pollution prevention and control ce circular econo my bio biodiversity and ecosystems

Score 0.45
this will be accomplished with the aid of new technologies and through continued support for our suppliers.  at our own operations globally we aim to strengthen water efficiency and wastewater projects in the coming years.  by the end of our water intensity at administrative offices and distribution centers totaled .  mm

Score 0.45
.  b.  taxonomy noneligible activities capex of taxonomy noneligible activities b total a b y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objecti ve nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  ccm climate change mitigation cca climate change adaptation wtr water and marine resources ppc pollution prevention and control ce circular eco nomy bio biodiversity and ecosystems

Score 0.449
taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel opex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a. .  a.  opex of taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.449
this comprises all costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to the con dition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t intended by management less any accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.  depreciation is recognized for those assets with the exception of land and construction in progres s over the estimated useful life utilizing the straightline method and taking into account any potential residual value.  parts of an item of property plant and equipment with a cost that is significant in relation to the total cost of the item are de preciated separately.  see note estimated useful lives are as follows estimated useful lives of property plant and equipment years land indefinite buildings and leasehold improvements furniture and fixtures technical equipment and machinery as well as other equipment expenditure for repairs and maintenance is expensed as incurred

Score 0.448
.  el nel nel nel nel nel capex of taxonomy eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a. .  total a

Score 0.447
depreciation is recognized for those assets with the exception of land and construction in progres s over the estimated useful life utilizing the straightline method and taking into account any potential residual value.  parts of an item of property plant and equipment with a cost that is significant in relation to the total cost of the item are de preciated separately.  see note estimated useful lives are as follows estimated useful lives of property plant and equipment years land indefinite buildings and leasehold improvements furniture and fixtures technical equipment and machinery as well as other equipment expenditure for repairs and maintenance is expensed as incurred.  renewals and improvements are capitalized and depreciated separately if the recognition criteria are met

Score 0.447
.  turnover category enabling activity category transitional activity in millions in yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn yn yn yn yn yn yn in e t a.  taxonomyeligible activities a.

Score 0.445
.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel turnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  total a.

Score 0.444
the purpose of the taxonomy is to provide a common language and a clear definition of what is considered sustainable to direct investments toward sus tainable economic activities.  the taxonomy will thereby support the eus climate energy and european green deal targets.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t the taxonomy is a classification system for environmentally sustainable economic activities.  an economic activity is considered t axonomyeligible if it is described in one of the delegated acts of the taxonomy and has the potential to support the achieve ment of at least one of the following six environmental objectives climate change mitigation climate change adaptation sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems

Score 0.441
as a result the following eligible economic activities have been identified for .  transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles including company car leases .  installation maintenance and repair of energyefficient equ ipment e. g

Score 0.441
determination of taxonomyeligible activities the core team reviewed the new delegated acts to the taxonomy regulation as they became available and analyzed the impact on the disclosure requirements compared to to ensure accuracy and completeness of our reporting.  as mentioned above while the re porting requirement covers all six environmental objectives since the beginning of the main economic activities of our business model remain out of scope and we consequently have no turnovergenerating taxonomyeligible activities to report on.  as a result the following eligible economic activities have been identified for .  transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles including company car leases

Score 0.441
values reported cover production seasons ss and fw.  within scope purchased goods and services considers the produc tion and processing of raw materials for which impacts are estimated based on quantities of materials and lifecycle analysis data.  all key production processes are considered.  primary secondary and tertiary packaging material quantities are included

Score 0.439
cost of materials depreciation and amortization thereof included within the cost of sales thereof included within personnel expenses impairment losses reversals of impairment losses wages and salaries social security contributions pension expenses personnel expenses expense relating to shortterm leases expense relating to leases of lowvalue assets expense relating to variable lease payments further information on expenses by function is provided in th ese note s.  see note to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t financial income financial expenses financial result consists of the following financial income in millions year ending dec.  year ending dec.  interest income from financial instruments measured at amortized cost interest income from nonfinancial assets other financial income financial expenses in millions year ending dec

Score 0.439
discontinued operations are excluded from the net incomeloss from continuing operations and are presented as a single amount as gainloss from discontinued operations net of tax in the consolidated income statement.  when an operation is classified as a discontinued operation the comparative consolidated income statement and consolidated statement of cash flows are restated and presented as if the operation had been classified as such from the start of the comparative year.  see note property plant and equipment property plant and equipment are measured at amortized cost.  this comprises all costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to the con dition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t intended by management less any accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses

Score 0.438
see note property plant and equipment property plant and equipment are measured at amortized cost.  this comprises all costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to the con dition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t intended by management less any accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.  depreciation is recognized for those assets with the exception of land and construction in progres s over the estimated useful life utilizing the straightline method and taking into account any potential residual value.  parts of an item of property plant and equipment with a cost that is significant in relation to the total cost of the item are de preciated separately

Score 0.438
.  acquisition and ownership of buildings building leases ccm . .  el nel nel nel nel nel capex of taxonomy eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a

Score 0.437
we consistently surpassed our targets with of our supplier facilities meeting the zdhc wastewater foundational level in resulting from our proactive approach to evaluating effluent treatment plants and implementing corrective measures.  following a continuous overperformance we increased our target from initially to now aiming for of facilities that should meet this level by .  we have done so despite the fact that we anticipate revisions of the zdhc wastewater guideline next year for which we do not yet have full visibility of the new parameters to report on.  we will continue to guide our suppliers through capacity building and best practice sharing to ensure a smooth transition to the application of the new gui delines

Score 0.437
to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t targets for and beyond environmental impacts target year area target baseline own operations emissions achievement of climate neutrality co e water water intensity reduction mm waste waste diversion rate supply chain energy adoption of renewable energy at strategic tier and tier supplier facilities to keep emissions flat water water consumption intensity reduction at tier supplier facilities chemicals input of chemical formulations used by our suppliers for production achieve the highest level of conformance with zdhc mrsl level wastewater output of suppliers that operate onsite effluents plants to achieve zdhc wastewater foundational level product sustainable article offering out of articles will be sustainable meaning that they are to a significant degree made with environmentally preferred materials decarbonization reduction of ghg emissions per product entire value chain from raw material production to own operations reduction of ghg emissions achievement of climate neutrality co e targets received approval by the science based targets initiative sbti.  we will resubmit these targets to sbti for approval throughout .  subject to reasonable assurance engagement of pricewaterhousecoopers gmbh wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft.  the table provides an overview of the targets we have set ourselves that will help us reduce our environmental impacts

Score 0.437
since the identified taxonomyeligible activities relate to the purchase of output from potentially taxonomyaligned activities performing the taxonomy assessment was dependent on the input of the relevant information from the respective thirdparty suppliers.  due to the expected time and resource investment necessary for assessing all individual projects and items contributing to the eligible activities we prioritized the assessment of those individual activities that were most material in terms of value andor were more likely to be taxonomyaligned due to the availability of the necessary information.  eligible building leases relate to warehousesdistribution centers own retail stores and corporate offices.  the applicable substantial contribution and dnsh criteria as set out in section

Score 0.436
expenses by nature in millions year ending dec.  year ending dec.  cost of materials depreciation and amortization thereof included within the cost of sales thereof included within personnel expenses impairment losses reversals of impairment losses wages and salaries social security contributions pension expenses personnel expenses expense relating to shortterm leases expense relating to leases of lowvalue assets expense relating to variable lease payments further information on expenses by function is provided in th ese note s.  see note to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t financial income financial expenses financial result consists of the following financial income in millions year ending dec

Score 0.436
y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a . .  y y y y y y y of which enabling y y y y y y y e of which transitional n n n n n n n t a.

Score 0.435
hence the taxonomyeligible activities have been assessed according to the substantial contribution and dnsh criteria as laid out in annex i to the delegated regulation eu .  since the identified taxonomyeligible activities relate to the purchase of output from potentially taxonomyaligned activities performing the taxonomy assessment was dependent on the input of the relevant information from the respective thirdparty suppliers.  due to the expected time and resource investment necessary for assessing all individual projects and items contributing to the eligible activities we prioritized the assessment of those individual activities that were most material in terms of value andor were more likely to be taxonomyaligned due to the availability of the necessary information.  eligible building leases relate to warehousesdistribution centers own retail stores and corporate offices

Score 0.434
no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production as well as their safety upgrades using best available technologies.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process he at including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy as well as their safety upgrades.  no fossil gasrelated activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction refurbishment and operation of combined heatcool and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels

Score 0.434
within scope purchased goods and services considers the produc tion and processing of raw materials for which impacts are estimated based on quantities of materials and lifecycle analysis data.  all key production processes are considered.  primary secondary and tertiary packaging material quantities are included.  the quantities are estimated based on sales volumes usin g composition and weight assumptions from the product environmental footprint category rules pefcr

Score 0.434
we believe that moving toward achieving the targets we have defined for and beyond will set us up for future success.  engaging closely with our suppliers remains critical to achieving our targets.  we are therefore leveraging our longterm relationships with suppliers to ensure they can help us achieve our decarbonization targe ts and we are also working closely with partners to scale innovative materials recycling technologies and circular business practices across the value chain.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t targets for and beyond environmental impacts target year area target baseline own operations emissions achievement of climate neutrality co e water water intensity reduction mm waste waste diversion rate supply chain energy adoption of renewable energy at strategic tier and tier supplier facilities to keep emissions flat water water consumption intensity reduction at tier supplier facilities chemicals input of chemical formulations used by our suppliers for production achieve the highest level of conformance with zdhc mrsl level wastewater output of suppliers that operate onsite effluents plants to achieve zdhc wastewater foundational level product sustainable article offering out of articles will be sustainable meaning that they are to a significant degree made with environmentally preferred materials decarbonization reduction of ghg emissions per product entire value chain from raw material production to own operations reduction of ghg emissions achievement of climate neutrality co e targets received approval by the science based targets initiative sbti

Score 0.434
following a continuous overperformance we increased our target from initially to now aiming for of facilities that should meet this level by .  we have done so despite the fact that we anticipate revisions of the zdhc wastewater guideline next year for which we do not yet have full visibility of the new parameters to report on.  we will continue to guide our suppliers through capacity building and best practice sharing to ensure a smooth transition to the application of the new gui delines .  target was revised for clarity in

Score 0.434
b.  taxonomy noneligible activities opex of taxonomy noneligible activities total y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objecti ve nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  ccm climate change mitigation cca climate change adaptation wtr water and marine resources ppc pollution prevention and control ce circular econo my bio biodiversity and ecosystems.  el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective

Score 0.434
b.  taxonomy noneligible activities capex of taxonomy noneligible activities b total a b y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objecti ve nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  ccm climate change mitigation cca climate change adaptation wtr water and marine resources ppc pollution prevention and control ce circular eco nomy bio biodiversity and ecosystems.  el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective

Score 0.434
audits conducted in approved factories that have passed the initial assessment including onsite and desktop assessments.  as of audits under the slcp and better work programs are included.  includes environmental assessments and wastewater test assessments according to the zdhc wastewater guidelines.  includes audits done in licensee factories

Score 0.433
as of audits under the slcp and better work programs are included.  includes environmental assessments and wastewater test assessments according to the zdhc wastewater guidelines.  includes audits done in licensee factories.  to complement our broader sustainability efforts we monitor our suppliers to ensure compliance with our environmental standards and guidelines and to validate their performance against annual environmental targets

Score 0.433
environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned . .  transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicle s ccm .

Score 0.432
the main tasks of the team were to educate the functional and subjectmatter experts mainly from the accounting controlling hr workplaces supply chain and retail teams on the reporting requirements with particular focus on taxonomy alignment criteria   define orchestrate and lead a structured process to collect all taxonomyrelevant information from the subjectmatter experts analyze and verify reported information in terms of taxonomy relevance accuracy and completeness and ensure that all new and updated taxonomyrelevant publications that have become available throughout the course of the year are adequately reflected in this report.  determination of taxonomyeligible activities the core team reviewed the new delegated acts to the taxonomy regulation as they became available and analyzed the impact on the disclosure requirements compared to to ensure accuracy and completeness of our reporting.  as mentioned above while the re porting requirement covers all six environmental objectives since the beginning of the main economic activities of our business model remain out of scope and we consequently have no turnovergenerating taxonomyeligible activities to report on.  as a result the following eligible economic activities have been identified for

Score 0.432
.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel opex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a. .  a