Scores_n_ADMINISTRATIVE AND SUPPORT SERVICE ACTIVITIESScore 0.56
.  a.  opex of taxonomyeligible activities a.

Score 0.546
hence the taxonomyeligible activities have been assessed according to the substantial contribution and dnsh criteria as laid out in annex i to the delegated regulation eu .  since the identified taxonomyeligible activities relate to the purchase of output from potentially taxonomyaligned activities performing the taxonomy assessment was dependent on the input of the relevant information from the respective thirdparty suppliers.  due to the expected time and resource investment necessary for assessing all individual projects and items contributing to the eligible activities we prioritized the assessment of those individual activities that were most material in terms of value andor were more likely to be taxonomyaligned due to the availability of the necessary information.  eligible building leases relate to warehousesdistribution centers own retail stores and corporate offices

Score 0.537
determination of taxonomyeligible activities the core team reviewed the new delegated acts to the taxonomy regulation as they became available and analyzed the impact on the disclosure requirements compared to to ensure accuracy and completeness of our reporting.  as mentioned above while the re porting requirement covers all six environmental objectives since the beginning of the main economic activities of our business model remain out of scope and we consequently have no turnovergenerating taxonomyeligible activities to report on.  as a result the following eligible economic activities have been identified for .  transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles including company car leases

Score 0.532
.  capex category enabling activity category transitional activity in millions in yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn yn yn yn yn yn yn in e t a.  taxonomyeligible activities a.

Score 0.532
a.  opex of taxonomyeligible activities a. .  a

Score 0.532
since the identified taxonomyeligible activities relate to the purchase of output from potentially taxonomyaligned activities performing the taxonomy assessment was dependent on the input of the relevant information from the respective thirdparty suppliers.  due to the expected time and resource investment necessary for assessing all individual projects and items contributing to the eligible activities we prioritized the assessment of those individual activities that were most material in terms of value andor were more likely to be taxonomyaligned due to the availability of the necessary information.  eligible building leases relate to warehousesdistribution centers own retail stores and corporate offices.  the applicable substantial contribution and dnsh criteria as set out in section

Score 0.522
.  turnover category enabling activity category transitional activity in millions in yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn yn yn yn yn yn yn in e t a.  taxonomyeligible activities a.

Score 0.521
the main tasks of the team were to educate the functional and subjectmatter experts mainly from the accounting controlling hr workplaces supply chain and retail teams on the reporting requirements with particular focus on taxonomy alignment criteria   define orchestrate and lead a structured process to collect all taxonomyrelevant information from the subjectmatter experts analyze and verify reported information in terms of taxonomy relevance accuracy and completeness and ensure that all new and updated taxonomyrelevant publications that have become available throughout the course of the year are adequately reflected in this report.  determination of taxonomyeligible activities the core team reviewed the new delegated acts to the taxonomy regulation as they became available and analyzed the impact on the disclosure requirements compared to to ensure accuracy and completeness of our reporting.  as mentioned above while the re porting requirement covers all six environmental objectives since the beginning of the main economic activities of our business model remain out of scope and we consequently have no turnovergenerating taxonomyeligible activities to report on.  as a result the following eligible economic activities have been identified for

Score 0.511
opex of taxonomyeligible activities a. .  a.

Score 0.511
other businesses includes the business activities of the y label and other subordinated businesses which are not monitored separately by the chief operating decisionmaker.  also certain centralized corporate functions do not meet the definition of ifrs for an operating segment.  this includes in particular functions such as global brands and global sales central brand and distribution to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t management central treasury and global sourcing as well as other hea dquarter functions.  assets liabilities income and expenses relating to these corporate functions are presented in the reconciliations

Score 0.503
taxonomy noneligible activities turnover of taxonomy noneligible activities b total a b y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  ccm climate change mitigation cca climate change adaptation wtr water and marine resources ppc pollution prevention and control ce circular economy bio biodiversity and ecosystems.  net sales as reported in the consolidated income statement.  el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant envi ronmental objective

Score 0.501
b.  taxonomy noneligible activities turnover of taxonomy noneligible activities b total a b y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  ccm climate change mitigation cca climate change adaptation wtr water and marine resources ppc pollution prevention and control ce circular economy bio biodiversity and ecosystems.  net sales as reported in the consolidated income statement

Score 0.5
accounts receivable and inventories of reportable segments accounts receivable and inventories of other businesses accounts receivable and inventories of hq current financial assets other current assets noncurrent assets total liabilities in millions dec.  dec.  accounts payable of reportable segments accounts payable of other businesses accounts payable of hq current financial liabilities other current liabilities noncurrent liabilities total geographical information net sales third parties are shown in the geographic market in which the net sales are realized.  noncurrent assets are allocated to the geographic market based on the domicile of the respective subsidiary independent of the segmental structure and consist of tangible assets goodwill tradema rks other intangible assets rightofuse assets and other noncurrent assets

Score 0.5
installation maintenance and repair of energyefficient equ ipment e. g.  led lighting in retail stores .  acquisition and ownership of buildings including building leases assessment of taxonomy alignment of taxonomyeligible activities for taxonomyeligible activities at adidas the environmental objectiv e of climate change mitigation is applicable not climate change adaptation since these activities are intended to positively impact our carbon footprint

Score 0.496
taxonomy noneligible activities capex of taxonomy noneligible activities b total a b y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objecti ve nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  ccm climate change mitigation cca climate change adaptation wtr water and marine resources ppc pollution prevention and control ce circular eco nomy bio biodiversity and ecosystems.  el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  the denominator of the capex kpi contain s in accordance with the definition of the taxonomy and as disclosed in this annual report additions to buildings technica l equipment and machinery other equipment furniture and fixtures rightofuse assets and other intangible assets before depre ciation amortization and remeasurements

Score 0.496
as a result the following eligible economic activities have been identified for .  transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles including company car leases .  installation maintenance and repair of energyefficient equ ipment e. g

Score 0.495
or eligible a. .  capex category enabling activity category transitional activity in millions in yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn yn yn yn yn yn yn in e t a.  taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.493
.  a.  b.  taxonomy noneligible activities turnover of taxonomy noneligible activities b total a b y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective

Score 0.488
b.  taxonomy noneligible activities capex of taxonomy noneligible activities b total a b y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objecti ve nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  ccm climate change mitigation cca climate change adaptation wtr water and marine resources ppc pollution prevention and control ce circular eco nomy bio biodiversity and ecosystems.  el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective

Score 0.487
or eligible a. .  turnover category enabling activity category transitional activity in millions in yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn yn yn yn yn yn yn in e t a.  taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.486
a.  b.  taxonomy noneligible activities turnover of taxonomy noneligible activities b total a b y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  ccm climate change mitigation cca climate change adaptation wtr water and marine resources ppc pollution prevention and control ce circular economy bio biodiversity and ecosystems

Score 0.484
other operating expenses expenses are presented by function according to the cost of sales method in the income statement with the exception of impairment losses net on accounts receivable and contract assets which are disclosed in a separate line item as required by ifrs financial instruments .  other operating expenses presented by functions include marketing and pointofsale expenses distribution and selling expenses and general and administration expenses as well as sundry expenses less any income from government grants if applicable.  marketing and pointofsale expenses consist of promotion and communication spending such as promotion contracts advertising events and other communication activities.  however they do not include marketing overhead expenses which are presented in distribution and selling expenses

Score 0.484
.  b.  taxonomy noneligible activities capex of taxonomy noneligible activities b total a b y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objecti ve nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  ccm climate change mitigation cca climate change adaptation wtr water and marine resources ppc pollution prevention and control ce circular eco nomy bio biodiversity and ecosystems

Score 0.484
a. .  b.  taxonomy noneligible activities capex of taxonomy noneligible activities b total a b y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objecti ve nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective

Score 0.484
.  b.  taxonomy noneligible activities opex of taxonomy noneligible activities total y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objecti ve nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  ccm climate change mitigation cca climate change adaptation wtr water and marine resources ppc pollution prevention and control ce circular econo my bio biodiversity and ecosystems

Score 0.483
b.  taxonomy noneligible activities opex of taxonomy noneligible activities total y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objecti ve nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  ccm climate change mitigation cca climate change adaptation wtr water and marine resources ppc pollution prevention and control ce circular econo my bio biodiversity and ecosystems.  el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective

Score 0.481
.  opex category enabling activity category transitional activity in millions in yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn yn yn yn yn yn yn in e t a.  taxonomyeligible activities a.

Score 0.481
a. .  b.  taxonomy noneligible activities opex of taxonomy noneligible activities total y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objecti ve nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective

Score 0.478
for the remaining eligible activities under section .  an assessment of the taxonomy alignment against the respective criteria laid out in annex i of the delegated regulation was conducted in a structured manner as far as this was possible with reasonable effort .  while the eligible activities fulfill the substantial contribution criterion none of them are considered to be taxonomyaligned as a result of the noncompliance with the dnsh assessment.    minimum safeguards the minimum safeguards f orm part of the taxonomy alignment criteria

Score 0.477
e.  sales marketing operations finance it and human resources.  we also work with external partners fo r project management support in areas where we do not have the required expertise or experience inhouse.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t illustration of opportunities in this report we illustrate financial and nonfinancial opportunities considered most relevant in and beyond

Score 0.477
accounts payable of reportable segments accounts payable of other businesses accounts payable of hq current financial liabilities other current liabilities noncurrent liabilities total geographical information net sales third parties are shown in the geographic market in which the net sales are realized.  noncurrent assets are allocated to the geographic market based on the domicile of the respective subsidiary independent of the segmental structure and consist of tangible assets goodwill tradema rks other intangible assets rightofuse assets and other noncurrent assets.  geographical information by market in millions net sales third parties noncurrent assets year ending dec.  year ending dec

Score 0.475
as mentioned above while the re porting requirement covers all six environmental objectives since the beginning of the main economic activities of our business model remain out of scope and we consequently have no turnovergenerating taxonomyeligible activities to report on.  as a result the following eligible economic activities have been identified for .  transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles including company car leases .  installation maintenance and repair of energyefficient equ ipment e

Score 0.474
we respond to information requests whether formal or informal and on a casebycase basis decide whether to take the initiative in communicating business developments of particular significance to the local tax authorities.  during we were not involved in the public policy regarding tax law or tax law changes in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate.  tax planning we ensure that the tax profile of our activities is aligned with the substance of t he operating structures of our business.  accordingly transactions have commercial and economic substance and we do not put in place arrangements that are contrived or artificial

Score 0.474
during we were not involved in the public policy regarding tax law or tax law changes in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate.  tax planning we ensure that the tax profile of our activities is aligned with the substance of t he operating structures of our business.  accordingly transactions have commercial and economic substance and we do not put in place arrangements that are contrived or artificial.  our transfer pricing policy requires that intragroup transactions be carr ied out on an armslength basis

Score 0.47
or eligible a. .  opex category enabling activity category transitional activity in millions in yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn yn yn yn yn yn yn in e t a.  taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.467
taxonomyeligible activities a. .  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.

Score 0.466
capex category enabling activity category transitional activity in millions in yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn yn yn yn yn yn yn in e t a.  taxonomyeligible activities a. .  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned

Score 0.463
dec.  accounts receivable and inventories of reportable segments accounts receivable and inventories of other businesses accounts receivable and inventories of hq current financial assets other current assets noncurrent assets total liabilities in millions dec.  dec.  accounts payable of reportable segments accounts payable of other businesses accounts payable of hq current financial liabilities other current liabilities noncurrent liabilities total geographical information net sales third parties are shown in the geographic market in which the net sales are realized

Score 0.462
we therefore assessed the eligible car leases as not taxonomyaligned.    for the remaining eligible activities under section .  an assessment of the taxonomy alignment against the respective criteria laid out in annex i of the delegated regulation was conducted in a structured manner as far as this was possible with reasonable effort .  while the eligible activities fulfill the substantial contribution criterion none of them are considered to be taxonomyaligned as a result of the noncompliance with the dnsh assessment

Score 0.461
dec.  accounts payable of reportable segments accounts payable of other businesses accounts payable of hq current financial liabilities other current liabilities noncurrent liabilities total geographical information net sales third parties are shown in the geographic market in which the net sales are realized.  noncurrent assets are allocated to the geographic market based on the domicile of the respective subsidiary independent of the segmental structure and consist of tangible assets goodwill tradema rks other intangible assets rightofuse assets and other noncurrent assets.  geographical information by market in millions net sales third parties noncurrent assets year ending dec

Score 0.458
other operating expenses presented by functions include marketing and pointofsale expenses distribution and selling expenses and general and administration expenses as well as sundry expenses less any income from government grants if applicable.  marketing and pointofsale expenses consist of promotion and communication spending such as promotion contracts advertising events and other communication activities.  however they do not include marketing overhead expenses which are presented in distribution and selling expenses.  the di stribution and selling expenses consist of sales force and sales administration costs direct and indirect supply chain costs and marketing overhead expenses as well as expenses for research and development which amounted to million in million

Score 0.457
.  acquisition and ownership of buildings building leases ccm . .  el nel nel nel nel nel capex of taxonomy eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a

Score 0.454
this enables us to proactively adjust our marketing and sales activities e. g.  product launches or selective pricing adjustments when needed.  we also continuously and closely monitor numerous in dicators e

Score 0.453
tax planning we ensure that the tax profile of our activities is aligned with the substance of t he operating structures of our business.  accordingly transactions have commercial and economic substance and we do not put in place arrangements that are contrived or artificial.  our transfer pricing policy requires that intragroup transactions be carr ied out on an armslength basis.  as a result our profits are derived and taxed in the jurisdictions where value is created

Score 0.453
taxonomyeligible activities a. .  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned .

Score 0.452
acquisition and ownership of buildings including building leases assessment of taxonomy alignment of taxonomyeligible activities for taxonomyeligible activities at adidas the environmental objectiv e of climate change mitigation is applicable not climate change adaptation since these activities are intended to positively impact our carbon footprint.  hence the taxonomyeligible activities have been assessed according to the substantial contribution and dnsh criteria as laid out in annex i to the delegated regulation eu .  since the identified taxonomyeligible activities relate to the purchase of output from potentially taxonomyaligned activities performing the taxonomy assessment was dependent on the input of the relevant information from the respective thirdparty suppliers.  due to the expected time and resource investment necessary for assessing all individual projects and items contributing to the eligible activities we prioritized the assessment of those individual activities that were most material in terms of value andor were more likely to be taxonomyaligned due to the availability of the necessary information

Score 0.447
g.  product launches or selective pricing adjustments when needed.  we also continuously and closely monitor numerous in dicators e. g

Score 0.446
a. .  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel turnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  total a

Score 0.445
these parts are not covered by the audit of the consolidated financial statements and of the group management repo rt.  links and references are not part of the nonfinancial statement and have not been assessed.  see  independent practitioners  report on a limited and reasonable assurance engagement on nonfinancial reporting the content of the nonfinancial statement combined with further information in this report and on our corporate website is prepared with reference to the gri standard s.  the gri content index can be found online

Score 0.444
el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant envi ronmental objective.  proportion of turnovertotal turnover taxonomyaligned per objective taxonomyeligible per objective ccm cca wtr ce ppc bio to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t proportion of capex from products or services associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering year business year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities code capex proportion of capex climate change mitigation climate change adaptation water pollution circular economy biodiversity climate change mitigation climate change adaptation water pollution circular economy biodiversity minimum safeguards proportion of taxonomyaligned a. .  or eligible a

Score 0.444
el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  the denominator of the capex kpi contain s in accordance with the definition of the taxonomy and as disclosed in this annual report additions to buildings technica l equipment and machinery other equipment furniture and fixtures rightofuse assets and other intangible assets before depre ciation amortization and remeasurements.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t proportion of capextotal capex taxonomyaligned per objective taxonomyeligible per objective ccm cca wtr ce ppc bio to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t proportion of opex from products or services associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering year business year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities code opex proportion of opex climate change mitigation climate change adaptation water pollution circular economy biodiversity climate change mitigation climate change adaptation water pollution circular economy biodiversity minimum safeguards proportion of taxonomyaligned a.

Score 0.444
acquisition and ownership of buildings building leases ccm . .  el nel nel nel nel nel capex of taxonomy eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.

Score 0.443
.  a. .  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel turnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a

Score 0.442
g.  led lighting in retail stores .  acquisition and ownership of buildings including building leases assessment of taxonomy alignment of taxonomyeligible activities for taxonomyeligible activities at adidas the environmental objectiv e of climate change mitigation is applicable not climate change adaptation since these activities are intended to positively impact our carbon footprint.  hence the taxonomyeligible activities have been assessed according to the substantial contribution and dnsh criteria as laid out in annex i to the delegated regulation eu

Score 0.44
the denominator contains in accordance with the definition of the taxonomy and as disclosed in this report additions to buildings technical equipment and machinery other equipment furniture and fixtures rightofuse assets and other intangible assets before depreciation amortization and remeasurements.  to calculate the numerator of the capex kpi we analyzed the additions in relation to the identified eligible activities as to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t described above.  in this process we conducted several control measures such as plausibility checks and reconciliations to avoid dou blecounting of additions.  in total the corresponding numerator of the eligible capex kpi amounts to million    million resulting in a capex kpi of eligible and noneligible capex

Score 0.438
net sales as reported in the consolidated income statement.  el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant envi ronmental objective.  proportion of turnovertotal turnover taxonomyaligned per objective taxonomyeligible per objective ccm cca wtr ce ppc bio to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t proportion of capex from products or services associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering year business year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities code capex proportion of capex climate change mitigation climate change adaptation water pollution circular economy biodiversity climate change mitigation climate change adaptation water pollution circular economy biodiversity minimum safeguards proportion of taxonomyaligned a.

Score 0.437
taxonomyeligible activities a. .  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.

Score 0.437
sales marketing operations finance it and human resources.  we also work with external partners fo r project management support in areas where we do not have the required expertise or experience inhouse.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t illustration of opportunities in this report we illustrate financial and nonfinancial opportunities considered most relevant in and beyond.  acc ording to our assessment methodology opportunities related to existing yeezy inventory opportunities related to consumer demand and product offering macroeconomic sociopolitical regulatory and currency opportunities opportunities related to order and supply management opportunities related to the distribution strategy and personnel opportunities are considered major

Score 0.437
opportunities related to product engineering and manufacturing processes we constantly monitor which of our product features are perceived as most relevant by our consume rs.  according to this a further optimization of our product design could result in higher net sales and margins by consistently focusing on product features that add the most value to our consumers while increasing the cost efficiency of less relevant co mponents or reducing complexity in product design.  by working closely with our suppliers we also see respective potential for more efficient manufacturing processes.  litigation opportunities our legal department is constantly monitoring the market for pot ential infringements of our own rights by third parties e

Score 0.435
see note other provisions other provisions consist of the following other provisions in millions jan.  additions change in discounted amount usage reversals currency translation differences dec.  thereof noncurrent marketing personnel returns and warranty taxes other than income taxes customs sundry other provisions marketing provisions mainly consist of provisions for promotion contracts which are comprised of obligations to clubs and athletes.  provisions for personnel mainly consist of provisions for short and longterm variable compensation components as well as of provisions for social plans relating to restructuring measures

Score 0.435
figure restated due to inclusio n of temporary contracts of up to six months headcounts excluding temporary contracts of up to six months .  prior year figures are not restated.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t eu taxonomy tables proportion of turnover from products or services associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering year business year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities code turnover proportion of turnover climate change mitigation climate change adaptation water pollution circular economy biodiversity climate change mitigation climate change adaptation water pollution circular economy biodiversity minimum safeguards proportion of taxonomyaligned a.

Score 0.434
taxonomy noneligible activities opex of taxonomy noneligible activities total y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objecti ve nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  ccm climate change mitigation cca climate change adaptation wtr water and marine resources ppc pollution prevention and control ce circular econo my bio biodiversity and ecosystems.  el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  proportion of opextotal opex taxonomyaligned per objective taxonomyeligible per objective ccm cca wtr ce ppc bio to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t nuclear and fossil gasrelated activities nuclear energyrelated activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to research development demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle

Score 0.434
pp royalty and commission income .  other operating income .  other operating expenses .  of net sales

Score 0.432
subject to annual general meeting approval.  figure restated due to inclusio n of temporary contracts of up to six months headcounts excluding temporary contracts of up to six months .  prior year figures are not restated.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t eu taxonomy tables proportion of turnover from products or services associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering year business year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities code turnover proportion of turnover climate change mitigation climate change adaptation water pollution circular economy biodiversity climate change mitigation climate change adaptation water pollution circular economy biodiversity minimum safeguards proportion of taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.43
this responsibility includes the selection and application of appropriate nonfinancial reporting methods and making assumptions and estimates about individual nonfinancial disclosures of the company that are reasonable in the circumstances.  furthermore the executive directors are responsible for such internal control as the executive directors consider necessary to enable the preparation of a combined nonfinancial statement that is free from material misstatement whether due to fraud or error.  the eu taxonomy regulation and the delegated acts issued thereunder contain wording and terms that are still subject to considerable interpretation uncertainties and for which clarifications have not yet been published in every case.  therefore the executive directors have disclosed their interpretation of the eu taxonomy regulation and the delegated acts adopted thereunder in section eutaxonomy of the combined nonfinancial statement

Score 0.43
tax liabilities other than income taxes liabilities due to personnel liabilities due to social security deferred income contract liabilities donation pledge sundry other current liabilities in the line item sundry mainly relates to marketing expenses.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t other noncurrent financial liabilities other noncurrent financial liabilities consist of the following other noncurrent financial liabilities in millions dec.  dec.  forward exchange contracts currency options revaluation of total return swap other noncurrent financial liabilities since the financial year the change in the fair value of the total return swap is presented together with the origina l investment as one unit of account within other current financial assets respectively longterm financial assets

Score 0.43
as a result not all information was available for a complete and conclusive assessment as required by the regulation.  we therefore assessed the eligible car leases as not taxonomyaligned.    for the remaining eligible activities under section .  an assessment of the taxonomy alignment against the respective criteria laid out in annex i of the delegated regulation was conducted in a structured manner as far as this was possible with reasonable effort

Score 0.43
interactions wi th tax authorities we seek a cooperative relationship with tax author ities.  we respond to information requests whether formal or informal and on a casebycase basis decide whether to take the initiative in communicating business developments of particular significance to the local tax authorities.  during we were not involved in the public policy regarding tax law or tax law changes in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate.  tax planning we ensure that the tax profile of our activities is aligned with the substance of t he operating structures of our business

Score 0.43
revenue is recogn ized from the sale of goods in the wholesale ecommerce and own retail sales channels if the company satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a specified asset to a customer.  an asset is deemed to have been transferred if the customer obta ins control of that asset.  revenue is recognized in the amount to which the company has a claim when the power to control an asset is transferred .  customers of the company have the option subject to certain conditions of exchanging or returning goods in exchange for a credit

Score 0.428
prior year figures are not restated.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t eu taxonomy tables proportion of turnover from products or services associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering year business year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities code turnover proportion of turnover climate change mitigation climate change adaptation water pollution circular economy biodiversity climate change mitigation climate change adaptation water pollution circular economy biodiversity minimum safeguards proportion of taxonomyaligned a. .  or eligible a

Score 0.428
.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel turnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  total a.

Score 0.427
taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel turnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  total a. .  a

Score 0.427
. pp royalty and commission income .  other operating income .  other operating expenses

Score 0.426
opex category enabling activity category transitional activity in millions in yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn yn yn yn yn yn yn in e t a.  taxonomyeligible activities a. .  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.425
other financial assets that give rise to cash flows consisting only of payments of principal and interest and that are assigned to the business model hold to collect and sell are measured at fair value through oci.  this category mainly includes other investments and securities to hedge longterm variable compensation compon ents.  other financial assets which are neither within the business model hold to collect nor within hold to collect and sell are measured at fair value through profit or loss.  this category mainly includes secured promissory notes and earnout compon ents

Score 0.425
noncontrolling interests are assigned to two subsidiaries both as at december and as at december .  for the following subsidiaries with noncontrolling interests the main financial information is presented combined.  subsidiaries with noncontrolling interests legal entity name principal place of business ownership interests held by noncontrolling interests dec.  dec

Score 0.425
income from transitional service agreements income from release of accrued liabilities and other provisions gains from disposal of fixed assets sundry income other operating income the decrease in income from transition services agreements relates to contracts with the buyer of the reebok business from .  adidas discontinued these services in .  other operating expenses expenses are presented by function according to the cost of sales method in the income statement with the exception of impairment losses net on accounts receivable and contract assets which are disclosed in a separate line item as required by ifrs financial instruments .  other operating expenses presented by functions include marketing and pointofsale expenses distribution and selling expenses and general and administration expenses as well as sundry expenses less any income from government grants if applicable

Score 0.424
operating profit as another major kpi helps to drive and improve our companys operational performance.  the primary drivers to enhance oper ating profit are as follows sales and gross margin development management focuses on identifying and exploiting growth opportunities that not only provide for future topline improvements but also have potential to increase our gross margin.  major levers include reducing promotional activity and driving full price sales optimizing our pricing product and market mix as well as managing product and supply chain costs.  operating expense control management puts high emphasis on tightly controlling operating expenses

Score 0.424
g.  order placement sellthrough rates at the point of sale average selling prices discounts store traffic that help us identify changes in the retail environment and quickly take appropriate action such as closing or remodeling our own st ores.  we constantly adjust our segmentation strategies to ensure that the right product is sold at the right point of sale at an appropriate price.  continuous investment in research and development ensures that we remain innovative and distinct from compet itors

Score 0.424
we seek to manage tax and customs risks in a balanced way that bears an appropriate relationship to the operating structure commercial and economic substance and other business risks.  to proactively manage such risks we constantly seek expert advice from specialized independent law and tax advisory firms i n areas such as process design transaction advisory compliance and tax or customs audits.  processes are in place requiring that attention is regularly directed to potential areas of tax or customs risk e. g

Score 0.423
other operating income .  other operating expenses .  of net sales .

Score 0.423
however they do not include marketing overhead expenses which are presented in distribution and selling expenses.  the di stribution and selling expenses consist of sales force and sales administration costs direct and indirect supply chain costs and marketing overhead expenses as well as expenses for research and development which amounted to million in million.  general and administration expenses include the functions it finance legal human resources and facilities   services as well as general management.  sundry expenses consist mainly of costs for onetime effects as well as losses from disposal of fixed assets

Score 0.423
to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t eu taxonomy tables proportion of turnover from products or services associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering year business year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities code turnover proportion of turnover climate change mitigation climate change adaptation water pollution circular economy biodiversity climate change mitigation climate change adaptation water pollution circular economy biodiversity minimum safeguards proportion of taxonomyaligned a. .  or eligible a.

Score 0.422
furthermore the executive directors are responsible for such internal control as the executive directors consider necessary to enable the preparation of a combined nonfinancial statement that is free from material misstatement whether due to fraud or error.  the eu taxonomy regulation and the delegated acts issued thereunder contain wording and terms that are still subject to considerable interpretation uncertainties and for which clarifications have not yet been published in every case.  therefore the executive directors have disclosed their interpretation of the eu taxonomy regulation and the delegated acts adopted thereunder in section eutaxonomy of the combined nonfinancial statement.  they are responsible for the defensibility of this interpretation

Score 0.422
the other information comprises the following nonaudited parts of the group management report nonfinancial statement to comply with b to e hgb and with b to c hgb included in different places of the group management report the section performa nce kpis to track product availability and ontime infull delivery of the group management report the disclosures marked as unaudited in section description of the main features of the internal control and risk management system process pursuant to section german commercial code handelsgesetzbuch hgb of the group management report the other information comprises further the statement on corporate governance pursuant to f hgb and d hgb all remaining parts of the annual report excluding crossreferences to external information with the exception of the audited consolidated financial statements the audited group management report and our auditors report our audit opinions on the annual financial statements and on the manage ment report do not cover the other information and consequently we do not express an audit opinion or any other form of assurance conclusion thereon.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t in connection with our audit our responsibility is to read the other information mentioned above and in so doing to consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the annual financial statements with the management report disclosures audited in terms of content or with our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to b e materially misstated .  if based on the work we have performed we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information we are required to report that fact.  we have nothing to report in this regard

Score 0.421
the company limited pointofsale expenses at times and in regions with heightened promotional activity in the market place .  as a percentage of sales marketing and pointofsale expenses decreased .  percen tage points to .

Score 0.421
due to the expected time and resource investment necessary for assessing all individual projects and items contributing to the eligible activities we prioritized the assessment of those individual activities that were most material in terms of value andor were more likely to be taxonomyaligned due to the availability of the necessary information.  eligible building leases relate to warehousesdistribution centers own retail stores and corporate offices.  the applicable substantial contribution and dnsh criteria as set out in section .  of annex i of the delegated regulation predominantly relate to primary energy demand and climaterelated risks and adaptation solutions respectively in connection with the leased buildings

Score 0.42
turnover category enabling activity category transitional activity in millions in yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn yn yn yn yn yn yn in e t a.  taxonomyeligible activities a. .  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.42
other operating expenses .  of net sales .  .

Score 0.419
led lighting in retail stores .  acquisition and ownership of buildings including building leases assessment of taxonomy alignment of taxonomyeligible activities for taxonomyeligible activities at adidas the environmental objectiv e of climate change mitigation is applicable not climate change adaptation since these activities are intended to positively impact our carbon footprint.  hence the taxonomyeligible activities have been assessed according to the substantial contribution and dnsh criteria as laid out in annex i to the delegated regulation eu .  since the identified taxonomyeligible activities relate to the purchase of output from potentially taxonomyaligned activities performing the taxonomy assessment was dependent on the input of the relevant information from the respective thirdparty suppliers

Score 0.419
accounts receivable .  .  inventories .

Score 0.418
in addition our internal legal customs and tax teams advise our operational management teams to ensure appropriate and compliant business practices.  our specialized staff receive adequate training for their role and nontax or noncustoms staff are made aware of potential tax and customs matters relevant to their roles.  furthermore we work closely with cus toms authorities and governments worldwide to make sure we adhere to customs and trade regulations at import and export to ensure the availability and obtain the required clearance of products to fulfill sales demand.  see sustainability risks related to impairment of goodwill our balance sheet carries book values in goodwill

Score 0.418
the north america latin america and china markets remain unchanged.  in line with this reporting structure of the company for management purposes by market and in accorda nce with the definition of ifrs operating segments seven operating segments have thus been identified as of january europe emerging markets north america china latin america japan and south korea.  due to the small size of the two operat ing segments japan and south korea they are combined for external segment reporting as japansouth korea .  due to the change in the operating segments and the associated groups of cashgenerating units both a reallocation of goodwill and an impairment tes t of goodwill were carried out as at january

Score 0.418
prepaid expenses return assets tax receivables other than income taxes contract assets sundry other current assets gross less accumulated allowances other current assets net prepaid expenses mainly relate to promotion and service contracts .  the decrease in the line item tax receivables other than income taxes relates mainly to valueadded tax.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t property plant and equipment the following table presents a reconciliation of the carrying amount of property plant and equipment property plant and equipment in millions land and buildings technical equipment and machinery other equipment furniture and fixtures construction in progress property plant and equipment acquisition cost january additions disposals transfers decrease in companies consolidated currency translation differences december january additions disposals transfers decrease in companies consolidated currency translation differences december accumulated depreciation and impairment january depreciation impairment losses reversals of impairment losses disposals transfers decrease in companies consolidated currency translation differences december january to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t property plant and equipment in millions land and buildings technical equipment and machinery other equipment furniture and fixtures construction in progress property plant and equipment depreciation impairment losses reversals of impairment losses disposals transfers decrease in companies consolidated currency translation differences december net carrying amount january december january december as a general principle it is regularly assessed whether there are any indications that property plant and equipment might be impaired.  irrespective of the existence of such indications furniture and fixtures in adidas own retail stores as part of the cashgenerating unit are tested annually for impairment whereby the recoverable amount value in use of the cashgenerating un it as part of determining the profitability of adidas own retail stores is calculated using the discounted cash flow method

Score 0.418
proportion of turnovertotal turnover taxonomyaligned per objective taxonomyeligible per objective ccm cca wtr ce ppc bio to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t proportion of capex from products or services associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering year business year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities code capex proportion of capex climate change mitigation climate change adaptation water pollution circular economy biodiversity climate change mitigation climate change adaptation water pollution circular economy biodiversity minimum safeguards proportion of taxonomyaligned a. .  or eligible a.

Score 0.418
all purchases and sales of financial assets with the exception of trade receivables are recognized on the trade date and initially measured at fair value.  at initial recognition trade receivables that do not have a significant financing component are measured at their transaction price.  subsequently a financial asset is measured at amortized cost fair value through other comprehensive income debt instrument fair value through other comprehensive income equity instrument or fair value through profit or loss.  a financial asset is measured at amortized cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated at fair value through profit or loss the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contra ctual cash flows business model hold to collect and the financial assets contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding

Score 0.417
an economic activity is considered t axonomyeligible if it is described in one of the delegated acts of the taxonomy and has the potential to support the achieve ment of at least one of the following six environmental objectives climate change mitigation climate change adaptation sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems.  for an activity to be considered and reported as environmentally su stainable i. e.  taxonomyaligned the following three prerequisites must be fulfilled substantial contribution the activity makes a substantial contribution to one of the environmental objectives by meeting the technical screening criteria defined for this economic activity

Score 0.417
the denominator of the capex kpi contain s in accordance with the definition of the taxonomy and as disclosed in this annual report additions to buildings technica l equipment and machinery other equipment furniture and fixtures rightofuse assets and other intangible assets before depre ciation amortization and remeasurements.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t proportion of capextotal capex taxonomyaligned per objective taxonomyeligible per objective ccm cca wtr ce ppc bio to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t proportion of opex from products or services associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering year business year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities code opex proportion of opex climate change mitigation climate change adaptation water pollution circular economy biodiversity climate change mitigation climate change adaptation water pollution circular economy biodiversity minimum safeguards proportion of taxonomyaligned a. .  or eligible a

Score 0.417
discontinued operations are excluded from the net incomeloss from continuing operations and are presented as a single amount as gainloss from discontinued operations net of tax in the consolidated income statement.  when an operation is classified as a discontinued operation the comparative consolidated income statement and consolidated statement of cash flows are restated and presented as if the operation had been classified as such from the start of the comparative year.  see note property plant and equipment property plant and equipment are measured at amortized cost.  this comprises all costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to the con dition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t intended by management less any accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses

Score 0.416
.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a. .  a