Scores_g_WHOLESALE AND RETAIL TRADE; REPAIR OF MOTOR VEHICLES AND MOTORCYCLESScore 0.563
in the companys consolidated financial statements revenues amounting to eur million are reported .  revenue is recogn ized from the sale of goods in the wholesale ecommerce and own retail sales channels if the company satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a specified asset to a customer.  an asset is deemed to have been transferred if the customer obta ins control of that asset.  revenue is recognized in the amount to which the company has a claim when the power to control an asset is transferred .  customers of the company have the option subject to certain conditions of exchanging or returning goods in exchange for a credit

Score 0.56
in addition the disclosur es on inventories are contained in section inventories .  .  recognition of revenue taking into account expected returns .  in the companys consolidated financial statements revenues amounting to eur million are reported .  revenue is recogn ized from the sale of goods in the wholesale ecommerce and own retail sales channels if the company satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a specified asset to a customer

Score 0.554
the main tasks of the team were to educate the functional and subjectmatter experts mainly from the accounting controlling hr workplaces supply chain and retail teams on the reporting requirements with particular focus on taxonomy alignment criteria   define orchestrate and lead a structured process to collect all taxonomyrelevant information from the subjectmatter experts analyze and verify reported information in terms of taxonomy relevance accuracy and completeness and ensure that all new and updated taxonomyrelevant publications that have become available throughout the course of the year are adequately reflected in this report.  determination of taxonomyeligible activities the core team reviewed the new delegated acts to the taxonomy regulation as they became available and analyzed the impact on the disclosure requirements compared to to ensure accuracy and completeness of our reporting.  as mentioned above while the re porting requirement covers all six environmental objectives since the beginning of the main economic activities of our business model remain out of scope and we consequently have no turnovergenerating taxonomyeligible activities to report on.  as a result the following eligible economic activities have been identified for .  transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles including company car leases

Score 0.554
recognition of revenue taking into account expected returns .  in the companys consolidated financial statements revenues amounting to eur million are reported .  revenue is recogn ized from the sale of goods in the wholesale ecommerce and own retail sales channels if the company satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a specified asset to a customer.  an asset is deemed to have been transferred if the customer obta ins control of that asset.  revenue is recognized in the amount to which the company has a claim when the power to control an asset is transferred

Score 0.553
the company s disclosures relating to the accounting policies applied with respect to the recognition of revenue from merchandise are contained in section of the notes to the consolidated financial statements summary of significant accounting policies .  other information the executive directors are responsible for the other information.  the other information comprises the following nonaudited parts of the group management report nonfinancial statement to comply with b to e hgb and with b to c hgb included in different places of the group management report the section performa nce kpis to track product availability and ontime infull delivery of the group management report the disclosures marked as unaudited in section description of the main features of the internal control and risk management system process pursuant to section german commercial code handelsgesetzbuch hgb of the group management report the other information comprises further the statement on corporate governance pursuant to f hgb and d hgb all remaining parts of the annual report excluding crossreferences to external information with the exception of the audited consolidated financial statements the audited group management report and our auditors report our audit opinions on the annual financial statements and on the manage ment report do not cover the other information and consequently we do not express an audit opinion or any other form of assurance conclusion thereon.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t in connection with our audit our responsibility is to read the other information mentioned above and in so doing to consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the annual financial statements with the management report disclosures audited in terms of content or with our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to b e materially misstated .  if based on the work we have performed we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information we are required to report that fact

Score 0.553
dec.  accounts receivable and inventories of reportable segments accounts receivable and inventories of other businesses accounts receivable and inventories of hq current financial assets other current assets noncurrent assets total liabilities in millions dec.  dec.  accounts payable of reportable segments accounts payable of other businesses accounts payable of hq current financial liabilities other current liabilities noncurrent liabilities total geographical information net sales third parties are shown in the geographic market in which the net sales are realized.  noncurrent assets are allocated to the geographic market based on the domicile of the respective subsidiary independent of the segmental structure and consist of tangible assets goodwill tradema rks other intangible assets rightofuse assets and other noncurrent assets

Score 0.551
.  the company s disclosures relating to the accounting policies applied with respect to the recognition of revenue from merchandise are contained in section of the notes to the consolidated financial statements summary of significant accounting policies .  other information the executive directors are responsible for the other information.  the other information comprises the following nonaudited parts of the group management report nonfinancial statement to comply with b to e hgb and with b to c hgb included in different places of the group management report the section performa nce kpis to track product availability and ontime infull delivery of the group management report the disclosures marked as unaudited in section description of the main features of the internal control and risk management system process pursuant to section german commercial code handelsgesetzbuch hgb of the group management report the other information comprises further the statement on corporate governance pursuant to f hgb and d hgb all remaining parts of the annual report excluding crossreferences to external information with the exception of the audited consolidated financial statements the audited group management report and our auditors report our audit opinions on the annual financial statements and on the manage ment report do not cover the other information and consequently we do not express an audit opinion or any other form of assurance conclusion thereon.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t in connection with our audit our responsibility is to read the other information mentioned above and in so doing to consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the annual financial statements with the management report disclosures audited in terms of content or with our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to b e materially misstated

Score 0.547
accounts receivable and inventories of reportable segments accounts receivable and inventories of other businesses accounts receivable and inventories of hq current financial assets other current assets noncurrent assets total liabilities in millions dec.  dec.  accounts payable of reportable segments accounts payable of other businesses accounts payable of hq current financial liabilities other current liabilities noncurrent liabilities total geographical information net sales third parties are shown in the geographic market in which the net sales are realized.  noncurrent assets are allocated to the geographic market based on the domicile of the respective subsidiary independent of the segmental structure and consist of tangible assets goodwill tradema rks other intangible assets rightofuse assets and other noncurrent assets.  geographical information by market in millions net sales third parties noncurrent assets year ending dec

Score 0.546
determination of taxonomyeligible activities the core team reviewed the new delegated acts to the taxonomy regulation as they became available and analyzed the impact on the disclosure requirements compared to to ensure accuracy and completeness of our reporting.  as mentioned above while the re porting requirement covers all six environmental objectives since the beginning of the main economic activities of our business model remain out of scope and we consequently have no turnovergenerating taxonomyeligible activities to report on.  as a result the following eligible economic activities have been identified for .  transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles including company car leases .  installation maintenance and repair of energyefficient equ ipment e

Score 0.532
we constantly adjust our segmentation strategies to ensure that the right product is sold at the right point of sale at an appropriate price.  continuous investment in research and development ensures that we remain innovative and distinct from compet itors.  we also pursue a strategy of entering into longterm agreements with key promotion partners.  in addition our product and communication initiatives are designed to increase brand desire drive market share growth and strengthen our brand s market p osition.  risks related to tax and customs regulations numerous laws and regulations regarding customs and taxes as well as changes in such laws and regulations affect the companys business practices worldwide

Score 0.531
.  recognition of revenue taking into account expected returns .  in the companys consolidated financial statements revenues amounting to eur million are reported .  revenue is recogn ized from the sale of goods in the wholesale ecommerce and own retail sales channels if the company satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a specified asset to a customer.  an asset is deemed to have been transferred if the customer obta ins control of that asset

Score 0.531
dec.  accounts payable of reportable segments accounts payable of other businesses accounts payable of hq current financial liabilities other current liabilities noncurrent liabilities total geographical information net sales third parties are shown in the geographic market in which the net sales are realized.  noncurrent assets are allocated to the geographic market based on the domicile of the respective subsidiary independent of the segmental structure and consist of tangible assets goodwill tradema rks other intangible assets rightofuse assets and other noncurrent assets.  geographical information by market in millions net sales third parties noncurrent assets year ending dec.  year ending dec

Score 0.53
see note to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t inventories inventories by major classification are as follows inventories in millions dec.  dec.  gross value allowance for obsoles cence net value gross value allowance for obsoles cence net value merchandise and finished goods on hand goods in transit raw materials work in progress inventories goods in transit mainly relate to shipments of finished goods and merchandise from suppliers in asia to subsidiaries in europe north america asia and latin america.  expenses from writedown on inventories amounted to million in million.  as of december inventories include yeezy products in the amount of approximately million

Score 0.53
hence the taxonomyeligible activities have been assessed according to the substantial contribution and dnsh criteria as laid out in annex i to the delegated regulation eu .  since the identified taxonomyeligible activities relate to the purchase of output from potentially taxonomyaligned activities performing the taxonomy assessment was dependent on the input of the relevant information from the respective thirdparty suppliers.  due to the expected time and resource investment necessary for assessing all individual projects and items contributing to the eligible activities we prioritized the assessment of those individual activities that were most material in terms of value andor were more likely to be taxonomyaligned due to the availability of the necessary information.  eligible building leases relate to warehousesdistribution centers own retail stores and corporate offices.  the applicable substantial contribution and dnsh criteria as set out in section

Score 0.529
the company s disclosures relating to the accounting policies applied with respect to the inventories line item are contained in section of the notes to the consolidated financial statements summary of significant accounting policies.  in addition the disclosur es on inventories are contained in section inventories .  .  recognition of revenue taking into account expected returns .  in the companys consolidated financial statements revenues amounting to eur million are reported

Score 0.529
since the identified taxonomyeligible activities relate to the purchase of output from potentially taxonomyaligned activities performing the taxonomy assessment was dependent on the input of the relevant information from the respective thirdparty suppliers.  due to the expected time and resource investment necessary for assessing all individual projects and items contributing to the eligible activities we prioritized the assessment of those individual activities that were most material in terms of value andor were more likely to be taxonomyaligned due to the availability of the necessary information.  eligible building leases relate to warehousesdistribution centers own retail stores and corporate offices.  the applicable substantial contribution and dnsh criteria as set out in section .  of annex i of the delegated regulation predominantly relate to primary energy demand and climaterelated risks and adaptation solutions respectively in connection with the leased buildings

Score 0.529
in addition our product and communication initiatives are designed to increase brand desire drive market share growth and strengthen our brand s market p osition.  risks related to tax and customs regulations numerous laws and regulations regarding customs and taxes as well as changes in such laws and regulations affect the companys business practices worldwide.  noncompliance with regulations concerning pr oduct imports including calculation of customs values intercompany transactions or income taxes could lead to substantial financial penalties and additional costs as well as negative media coverage and therefore reputational damage for example in case of understatements or underpayments of corporate income taxes or customs duties.  changes in regulations regarding customs and taxes may also have a substantial impact on the companys sourcing costs or income taxes.  therefore we also create provisions in accordance with the relevant accounting regulations to account for potential disputes with customs or tax authorities

Score 0.528
due to the large transaction volume with respect to the sale of merchandise in three different sales channels and the potential risk in general of notional revenues and the uncertainty with regard to estimates of expected return s in our view the to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t existence and accrual of revenues from the sale of merchandise were of particular significance in the context of our audit.  .  with respect to the audit of the existence and accrual of revenue we first assessed the design implementatio n and operating effectiveness of internal controls including the functioning of itbased controls with respect to outgoing goods and the acceptance of goods invoices and the payment settlement.  in addition we examined the presentation of revenue recogni tion in the groupwide accounting policy to assess whether it complied with ifrs .  furthermore in the context of substantive audit procedures we obtained evidence in particular delivery certificates invoices and receipts of payments of the existence and accrual of revenue in order to assess whether the recognized and accrues revenues were based on a corresponding shipment or transfer of goods

Score 0.526
revenue is recogn ized from the sale of goods in the wholesale ecommerce and own retail sales channels if the company satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a specified asset to a customer.  an asset is deemed to have been transferred if the customer obta ins control of that asset.  revenue is recognized in the amount to which the company has a claim when the power to control an asset is transferred .  customers of the company have the option subject to certain conditions of exchanging or returning goods in exchange for a credit.  the amounts regarding expected returns are estimated by the executive directors based on experiences with regard to historic return rates and ac crued for a return provision against revenues

Score 0.525
w e closely monitor changes in legislation to properly adopt regulatory requirements regarding customs and taxes apply any available and applicable guidance from tax authorities and organizations such as the oecd the world customs organization and the wor ld trade organization and seek guidance from individual authorities as appropriate which may include requesting tax rulings from a tax authority.  in addition our internal legal customs and tax teams advise our operational management teams to ensure appropriate and compliant business practices.  our specialized staff receive adequate training for their role and nontax or noncustoms staff are made aware of potential tax and customs matters relevant to their roles.  furthermore we work closely with cus toms authorities and governments worldwide to make sure we adhere to customs and trade regulations at import and export to ensure the availability and obtain the required clearance of products to fulfill sales demand.  see sustainability risks related to impairment of goodwill our balance sheet carries book values in goodwill

Score 0.524
.  values reported cover production seasons ss and fw.  within scope purchased goods and services considers the produc tion and processing of raw materials for which impacts are estimated based on quantities of materials and lifecycle analysis data.  all key production processes are considered.  primary secondary and tertiary packaging material quantities are included

Score 0.521
net sales represent revenue from contracts with customers.  there are no intersegment sales between the reportable segments.  accounting and valuation policies applied for reporting segmental information are the same as those used for adidas.  see note the results of the operating segments are reported in the line item segmental operating profit .  this is defined as gross profit minus other operating expenses plus royalty and commission income and other operating income attributable to the segment without considering headquarter costs and central expenditure for marketing

Score 0.521
the line item sundry mainly relates to payables due to customs authorities.  further information about forward e xchange contracts is contained in th ese note s.  see note other provisions other provisions consist of the following other provisions in millions jan.  additions change in discounted amount usage reversals currency translation differences dec.  thereof noncurrent marketing personnel returns and warranty taxes other than income taxes customs sundry other provisions marketing provisions mainly consist of provisions for promotion contracts which are comprised of obligations to clubs and athletes

Score 0.519
accounts payable of reportable segments accounts payable of other businesses accounts payable of hq current financial liabilities other current liabilities noncurrent liabilities total geographical information net sales third parties are shown in the geographic market in which the net sales are realized.  noncurrent assets are allocated to the geographic market based on the domicile of the respective subsidiary independent of the segmental structure and consist of tangible assets goodwill tradema rks other intangible assets rightofuse assets and other noncurrent assets.  geographical information by market in millions net sales third parties noncurrent assets year ending dec.  year ending dec.  dec

Score 0.519
each market comprises all wholesale retail and ecommerce business activities relating to the distribution and sale of products of the adidas brand to retail customers and end consumers.  other businesses includes the business activities of the y label and other subordinated businesses which are not monitored separately by the chief operating decisionmaker.  also certain centralized corporate functions do not meet the definition of ifrs for an operating segment.  this includes in particular functions such as global brands and global sales central brand and distribution to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t management central treasury and global sourcing as well as other hea dquarter functions.  assets liabilities income and expenses relating to these corporate functions are presented in the reconciliations

Score 0.517
assessing compliance with al l these criteria requires the involvement and input of various suppliers.  as a result not all information was available for a complete and conclusive assessment as required by the regulation.  we therefore assessed the eligible car leases as not taxonomyaligned.    for the remaining eligible activities under section .  an assessment of the taxonomy alignment against the respective criteria laid out in annex i of the delegated regulation was conducted in a structured manner as far as this was possible with reasonable effort

Score 0.516
the amount of the provision follows the historical development of returns and warranty as well as current agreements.  provisions for taxes other than income taxes mainly relate to value ad ded tax real estate tax and motor vehicle tax.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t sundry provisions mainly include provisions for onerous contracts as well as for dismantling and restoration costs.  noncurrent provisions mainly consist of provisions for longterm variable compensation com ponents with a time frame of three to four years discounted with countryspecific interest rates.  management follows past experience from similar transactions when assessing the recognition and the measurement of provisions in particular external legal opinions are considered for provisions for customs risks and for litigation and other legal risks

Score 0.515
reportable segments other businesses hq total to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t assets in millions dec.  dec.  accounts receivable and inventories of reportable segments accounts receivable and inventories of other businesses accounts receivable and inventories of hq current financial assets other current assets noncurrent assets total liabilities in millions dec.  dec.  accounts payable of reportable segments accounts payable of other businesses accounts payable of hq current financial liabilities other current liabilities noncurrent liabilities total geographical information net sales third parties are shown in the geographic market in which the net sales are realized

Score 0.514
in addition the asiapacific market has been split into two separate markets japan and south korea a nd southeast asia and pacific have been merged with the new emerging markets market.  the north america latin america and china markets remain unchanged.  in line with this reporting structure of the company for management purposes by market and in accorda nce with the definition of ifrs operating segments seven operating segments have thus been identified as of january europe emerging markets north america china latin america japan and south korea.  due to the small size of the two operat ing segments japan and south korea they are combined for external segment reporting as japansouth korea .  due to the change in the operating segments and the associated groups of cashgenerating units both a reallocation of goodwill and an impairment tes t of goodwill were carried out as at january

Score 0.514
we also pursue a strategy of entering into longterm agreements with key promotion partners.  in addition our product and communication initiatives are designed to increase brand desire drive market share growth and strengthen our brand s market p osition.  risks related to tax and customs regulations numerous laws and regulations regarding customs and taxes as well as changes in such laws and regulations affect the companys business practices worldwide.  noncompliance with regulations concerning pr oduct imports including calculation of customs values intercompany transactions or income taxes could lead to substantial financial penalties and additional costs as well as negative media coverage and therefore reputational damage for example in case of understatements or underpayments of corporate income taxes or customs duties.  changes in regulations regarding customs and taxes may also have a substantial impact on the companys sourcing costs or income taxes

Score 0.514
other operating expenses expenses are presented by function according to the cost of sales method in the income statement with the exception of impairment losses net on accounts receivable and contract assets which are disclosed in a separate line item as required by ifrs financial instruments .  other operating expenses presented by functions include marketing and pointofsale expenses distribution and selling expenses and general and administration expenses as well as sundry expenses less any income from government grants if applicable.  marketing and pointofsale expenses consist of promotion and communication spending such as promotion contracts advertising events and other communication activities.  however they do not include marketing overhead expenses which are presented in distribution and selling expenses.  the di stribution and selling expenses consist of sales force and sales administration costs direct and indirect supply chain costs and marketing overhead expenses as well as expenses for research and development which amounted to million in million

Score 0.511
provisions for personnel mainly consist of provisions for short and longterm variable compensation components as well as of provisions for social plans relating to restructuring measures.  provisions for returns and warranty primarily arise due to the obligation of fulfilling cus tomer claims with regard to the return of products sold by adidas.  the amount of the provision follows the historical development of returns and warranty as well as current agreements.  provisions for taxes other than income taxes mainly relate to value ad ded tax real estate tax and motor vehicle tax.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t sundry provisions mainly include provisions for onerous contracts as well as for dismantling and restoration costs

Score 0.51
we were able to satisfy ourselves that the estimates and assumptions made b y the executive directors in connection with the appropriate accounting treatment of the revenue were sufficiently substantiated and documented .  .  the company s disclosures relating to the accounting policies applied with respect to the recognition of revenue from merchandise are contained in section of the notes to the consolidated financial statements summary of significant accounting policies .  other information the executive directors are responsible for the other information.  the other information comprises the following nonaudited parts of the group management report nonfinancial statement to comply with b to e hgb and with b to c hgb included in different places of the group management report the section performa nce kpis to track product availability and ontime infull delivery of the group management report the disclosures marked as unaudited in section description of the main features of the internal control and risk management system process pursuant to section german commercial code handelsgesetzbuch hgb of the group management report the other information comprises further the statement on corporate governance pursuant to f hgb and d hgb all remaining parts of the annual report excluding crossreferences to external information with the exception of the audited consolidated financial statements the audited group management report and our auditors report our audit opinions on the annual financial statements and on the manage ment report do not cover the other information and consequently we do not express an audit opinion or any other form of assurance conclusion thereon

Score 0.51
net sales by channe l to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t wholesale our primary goal in wholesale in was to improve our relationships with our partners and collaborate with them to navigate in a challenging retail environment.  through meticulous planning and strategic foresight we executed transition plans with the explicit aim of regaining trust and achieving a significantly improved business setup by yearend.  employing a con servative sellin strategy we vigilantly tracked customer sellout and inventory levels.  additionally we actively supported initiatives to reduce inventory levels in the market by assessing the customers performance and agreeing on a transition plan.  we created specific action plans for each key account to ensure we had cleaner inventory levels a more focused sellin and better instore presentation

Score 0.51
processes are in place requiring that attention is regularly directed to potential areas of tax or customs risk e. g .  a quarterly tax risk questionnaire and the corporate tax and customs teams are involved in critical business transactions.  compliance with global tax and customs policies and controls is monitored by the corporate tax and customs teams internal controls experts and the internal audit department.  w e closely monitor changes in legislation to properly adopt regulatory requirements regarding customs and taxes apply any available and applicable guidance from tax authorities and organizations such as the oecd the world customs organization and the wor ld trade organization and seek guidance from individual authorities as appropriate which may include requesting tax rulings from a tax authority

Score 0.507
see note other provisions other provisions consist of the following other provisions in millions jan.  additions change in discounted amount usage reversals currency translation differences dec.  thereof noncurrent marketing personnel returns and warranty taxes other than income taxes customs sundry other provisions marketing provisions mainly consist of provisions for promotion contracts which are comprised of obligations to clubs and athletes.  provisions for personnel mainly consist of provisions for short and longterm variable compensation components as well as of provisions for social plans relating to restructuring measures.  provisions for returns and warranty primarily arise due to the obligation of fulfilling cus tomer claims with regard to the return of products sold by adidas

Score 0.506
since january the emea market has been divided into two separate markets europe and emerging markets.  russia is allocated to the other businesses as it is no longer monitored separately by the chief operating decisionmakers due to the discontinuation of business activities.  in addition the asiapacific market has been split into two separate markets japan and south korea a nd southeast asia and pacific have been merged with the new emerging markets market.  the north america latin america and china markets remain unchanged.  in line with this reporting structure of the company for management purposes by market and in accorda nce with the definition of ifrs operating segments seven operating segments have thus been identified as of january europe emerging markets north america china latin america japan and south korea

Score 0.506
dec.  currency options forward exchange contracts suppliers with debit balances security deposits receivables from credit cards and similar receivables customs receivables from retail business other investments deferred consideration of reebok sale sundry other current financial assets gross less accumulated allowances other current financial assets net further information about currency options and forward exchange contracts is contained in th ese note s.  see note to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t inventories inventories by major classification are as follows inventories in millions dec.  dec.  gross value allowance for obsoles cence net value gross value allowance for obsoles cence net value merchandise and finished goods on hand goods in transit raw materials work in progress inventories goods in transit mainly relate to shipments of finished goods and merchandise from suppliers in asia to subsidiaries in europe north america asia and latin america

Score 0.5
income from transitional service agreements income from release of accrued liabilities and other provisions gains from disposal of fixed assets sundry income other operating income the decrease in income from transition services agreements relates to contracts with the buyer of the reebok business from .  adidas discontinued these services in .  other operating expenses expenses are presented by function according to the cost of sales method in the income statement with the exception of impairment losses net on accounts receivable and contract assets which are disclosed in a separate line item as required by ifrs financial instruments .  other operating expenses presented by functions include marketing and pointofsale expenses distribution and selling expenses and general and administration expenses as well as sundry expenses less any income from government grants if applicable.  marketing and pointofsale expenses consist of promotion and communication spending such as promotion contracts advertising events and other communication activities

Score 0.499
all purchases and sales of financial assets with the exception of trade receivables are recognized on the trade date and initially measured at fair value.  at initial recognition trade receivables that do not have a significant financing component are measured at their transaction price.  subsequently a financial asset is measured at amortized cost fair value through other comprehensive income debt instrument fair value through other comprehensive income equity instrument or fair value through profit or loss.  a financial asset is measured at amortized cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated at fair value through profit or loss the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contra ctual cash flows business model hold to collect and the financial assets contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.  a financial asset is measured at fair value through other comprehensive income if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated at fair value through profit or loss the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both c ollecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets business model hold to collect and sell and its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outst anding

Score 0.499
inventories finished goods and merchandise are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value which is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.  costs are determined using a standard valuation method the average cost method .  costs of finished goods include the cost of direct materials and labor and the components of the manufacturing overheads that can be reasonably attributed to finished goods.  the allocation of overheads is based on the planned average utilization.  the net realizable value allowances are computed consistently throughout the company based on the age and expected futu re sales of the items on hand

Score 0.498
compliance with global tax and customs policies and controls is monitored by the corporate tax and customs teams internal controls experts and the internal audit department.  w e closely monitor changes in legislation to properly adopt regulatory requirements regarding customs and taxes apply any available and applicable guidance from tax authorities and organizations such as the oecd the world customs organization and the wor ld trade organization and seek guidance from individual authorities as appropriate which may include requesting tax rulings from a tax authority.  in addition our internal legal customs and tax teams advise our operational management teams to ensure appropriate and compliant business practices.  our specialized staff receive adequate training for their role and nontax or noncustoms staff are made aware of potential tax and customs matters relevant to their roles.  furthermore we work closely with cus toms authorities and governments worldwide to make sure we adhere to customs and trade regulations at import and export to ensure the availability and obtain the required clearance of products to fulfill sales demand

Score 0.498
net sales by product category in millions change change currencyneutral footwear apparel accessories and gear total prior year figures restated due to hqconsolidation.  see note .  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t net sales by product category in cost of sales decreases in line with net sales development cost of sales is defined as the amount we pay to third parties for expenses associated with producing and delivering our products.  in addition ownproduction expenses are also included in the cost of sales.  however these expenses represent only a very sm all portion of total cost of sales

Score 0.497
there are no intersegment sales between the reportable segments.  accounting and valuation policies applied for reporting segmental information are the same as those used for adidas.  see note the results of the operating segments are reported in the line item segmental operating profit .  this is defined as gross profit minus other operating expenses plus royalty and commission income and other operating income attributable to the segment without considering headquarter costs and central expenditure for marketing.  segmental assets include accounts receivable as well as inventories

Score 0.495
. pp royalty and commission income .  other operating income .  other operating expenses .  of net sales

Score 0.495
as a result not all information was available for a complete and conclusive assessment as required by the regulation.  we therefore assessed the eligible car leases as not taxonomyaligned.    for the remaining eligible activities under section .  an assessment of the taxonomy alignment against the respective criteria laid out in annex i of the delegated regulation was conducted in a structured manner as far as this was possible with reasonable effort .  while the eligible activities fulfill the substantial contribution criterion none of them are considered to be taxonomyaligned as a result of the noncompliance with the dnsh assessment

Score 0.495
provisions for taxes other than income taxes mainly relate to value ad ded tax real estate tax and motor vehicle tax.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t sundry provisions mainly include provisions for onerous contracts as well as for dismantling and restoration costs.  noncurrent provisions mainly consist of provisions for longterm variable compensation com ponents with a time frame of three to four years discounted with countryspecific interest rates.  management follows past experience from similar transactions when assessing the recognition and the measurement of provisions in particular external legal opinions are considered for provisions for customs risks and for litigation and other legal risks.  all evidence from events until the preparation of the consolidated financial statements is taken into account

Score 0.494
to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t net sales by product category in cost of sales decreases in line with net sales development cost of sales is defined as the amount we pay to third parties for expenses associated with producing and delivering our products.  in addition ownproduction expenses are also included in the cost of sales.  however these expenses represent only a very sm all portion of total cost of sales.  in cost of sales was million representing a decrease of compared to the prior year level of million .  this decline mainly reflects lower supply chain costs in line with the companys revenue development

Score 0.494
as a result the following eligible economic activities have been identified for .  transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles including company car leases .  installation maintenance and repair of energyefficient equ ipment e. g.  led lighting in retail stores

Score 0.493
additions change in discounted amount usage reversals currency translation differences dec.  thereof noncurrent marketing personnel returns and warranty taxes other than income taxes customs sundry other provisions marketing provisions mainly consist of provisions for promotion contracts which are comprised of obligations to clubs and athletes.  provisions for personnel mainly consist of provisions for short and longterm variable compensation components as well as of provisions for social plans relating to restructuring measures.  provisions for returns and warranty primarily arise due to the obligation of fulfilling cus tomer claims with regard to the return of products sold by adidas.  the amount of the provision follows the historical development of returns and warranty as well as current agreements

Score 0.492
thereof noncurrent dec.  thereof noncurrent goods and services not yet invoiced marketing and sales personnel sundry accrued liabilities accrued liabilities for marketing and sales mainly consist of accruals for distribution such as discounts rebates and sales commissions.  accrued liabilities for personnel mainly consist of accruals for outstanding salary payments such as bonuses and overtime as well as outstanding vacation.  sundry accrued liabilities include accruals for interest.  other current li abilities other current liabilities consist of the following other current liabilities in millions dec

Score 0.492
we therefore assessed the eligible car leases as not taxonomyaligned.    for the remaining eligible activities under section .  an assessment of the taxonomy alignment against the respective criteria laid out in annex i of the delegated regulation was conducted in a structured manner as far as this was possible with reasonable effort .  while the eligible activities fulfill the substantial contribution criterion none of them are considered to be taxonomyaligned as a result of the noncompliance with the dnsh assessment.    minimum safeguards the minimum safeguards f orm part of the taxonomy alignment criteria

Score 0.491
.  the company s disclosures relating to the accounting policies applied with respect to the inventories line item are contained in section of the notes to the consolidated financial statements summary of significant accounting policies.  in addition the disclosur es on inventories are contained in section inventories .  .  recognition of revenue taking into account expected returns

Score 0.491
net sales net income net income attributable to noncontrolling interests other comprehensive income total comprehensive income total comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests current assets noncurrent assets current liabilities noncurrent liabilities net assets net assets attributable to noncontrolling interests according to the consolidated statement of financial position net cash generated from operating activities net cash used in investing activities net cash used in financing activities net increase of cash and cash equivalents dividends paid to noncontrolling interests during the year included in net cash used in financing activities.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t financial instruments additional information to financial instruments carrying amounts of financial instruments and their fair values including hierarchy according to ifrs in millions category december december carrying amount fair value level level level carrying amount fair value level level level financial assets cash and cash equivalents cash and cash equivalents amortized cost cash equivalents fair value through profit or loss shortterm financial assets fair value through profit or loss accounts receivable amortized cost other current financial assets derivatives used in hedge accounting n. a.  derivatives not used in hedge accounting fair value through profit or loss other investments n. a

Score 0.49
a.  b.  taxonomy noneligible activities turnover of taxonomy noneligible activities b total a b y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  ccm climate change mitigation cca climate change adaptation wtr water and marine resources ppc pollution prevention and control ce circular economy bio biodiversity and ecosystems.  net sales as reported in the consolidated income statement

Score 0.49
thereof noncurrent marketing personnel returns and warranty taxes other than income taxes customs sundry other provisions marketing provisions mainly consist of provisions for promotion contracts which are comprised of obligations to clubs and athletes.  provisions for personnel mainly consist of provisions for short and longterm variable compensation components as well as of provisions for social plans relating to restructuring measures.  provisions for returns and warranty primarily arise due to the obligation of fulfilling cus tomer claims with regard to the return of products sold by adidas.  the amount of the provision follows the historical development of returns and warranty as well as current agreements.  provisions for taxes other than income taxes mainly relate to value ad ded tax real estate tax and motor vehicle tax

Score 0.489
the north america latin america and china markets remain unchanged.  in line with this reporting structure of the company for management purposes by market and in accorda nce with the definition of ifrs operating segments seven operating segments have thus been identified as of january europe emerging markets north america china latin america japan and south korea.  due to the small size of the two operat ing segments japan and south korea they are combined for external segment reporting as japansouth korea .  due to the change in the operating segments and the associated groups of cashgenerating units both a reallocation of goodwill and an impairment tes t of goodwill were carried out as at january .  there was no need for impairment in this context

Score 0.489
therefore the executive directors have disclosed their interpretation of the eu taxonomy regulation and the delegated acts adopted thereunder in section eutaxonomy of the combined nonfinancial statement.  they are responsible for the defensibility of this interpretation.  due to pricewaterhousecoopers gmbh has performed a limited and reasonable assurance engagement on the german version of the combined nonfinancial statement and issued an independent practitioners report in german language which is au thoritative.  the following text is a translation of the independent practitioners report.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t the immanent risk that indeterminate legal terms may be interpreted differently the legal conformity of the interpretation is subject to uncertainties

Score 0.488
a quarterly tax risk questionnaire and the corporate tax and customs teams are involved in critical business transactions.  compliance with global tax and customs policies and controls is monitored by the corporate tax and customs teams internal controls experts and the internal audit department.  w e closely monitor changes in legislation to properly adopt regulatory requirements regarding customs and taxes apply any available and applicable guidance from tax authorities and organizations such as the oecd the world customs organization and the wor ld trade organization and seek guidance from individual authorities as appropriate which may include requesting tax rulings from a tax authority.  in addition our internal legal customs and tax teams advise our operational management teams to ensure appropriate and compliant business practices.  our specialized staff receive adequate training for their role and nontax or noncustoms staff are made aware of potential tax and customs matters relevant to their roles

Score 0.487
pp marketing and pointofsale expenses .  of net sales .  .  . pp distribution and selling expenses

Score 0.487
currency options forward exchange contracts suppliers with debit balances security deposits receivables from credit cards and similar receivables customs receivables from retail business other investments deferred consideration of reebok sale sundry other current financial assets gross less accumulated allowances other current financial assets net further information about currency options and forward exchange contracts is contained in th ese note s.  see note to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t inventories inventories by major classification are as follows inventories in millions dec.  dec.  gross value allowance for obsoles cence net value gross value allowance for obsoles cence net value merchandise and finished goods on hand goods in transit raw materials work in progress inventories goods in transit mainly relate to shipments of finished goods and merchandise from suppliers in asia to subsidiaries in europe north america asia and latin america.  expenses from writedown on inventories amounted to million in million

Score 0.487
the share of dtc business consisting of own retail and ecommerce sales was in .  our adiclub membership program is now established in around countries enabling us to build direct relationships with our consumers .  net sales by channe l to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t wholesale our primary goal in wholesale in was to improve our relationships with our partners and collaborate with them to navigate in a challenging retail environment.  through meticulous planning and strategic foresight we executed transition plans with the explicit aim of regaining trust and achieving a significantly improved business setup by yearend.  employing a con servative sellin strategy we vigilantly tracked customer sellout and inventory levels

Score 0.486
segmental information i in millions net sales third parties segmental operating profit segmental assets segmental liabilities emea north america greater china asiapacific latin america reportable segments other businesses total figures adjusted due to a shift between the latin and north america segments.  year ending december .  at december .  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t segmental information ii in millions capital expenditure depreciation and amortization impairment losses and reversals of impairment losses emea north america greater china asiapacific latin america reportable segments other businesses total year ending december .  the following table shows the net sales with third parties broken down by segment and product group

Score 0.486
russia is allocated to the other businesses as it is no longer monitored separately by the chief operating decisionmakers due to the discontinuation of business activities.  in addition the asiapacific market has been split into two separate markets japan and south korea a nd southeast asia and pacific have been merged with the new emerging markets market.  the north america latin america and china markets remain unchanged.  in line with this reporting structure of the company for management purposes by market and in accorda nce with the definition of ifrs operating segments seven operating segments have thus been identified as of january europe emerging markets north america china latin america japan and south korea.  due to the small size of the two operat ing segments japan and south korea they are combined for external segment reporting as japansouth korea

Score 0.485
b.  taxonomy noneligible activities turnover of taxonomy noneligible activities b total a b y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  ccm climate change mitigation cca climate change adaptation wtr water and marine resources ppc pollution prevention and control ce circular economy bio biodiversity and ecosystems.  net sales as reported in the consolidated income statement.  el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant envi ronmental objective

Score 0.485
in line with this reporting structure of the company for management purposes by market and in accorda nce with the definition of ifrs operating segments seven operating segments have thus been identified as of january europe emerging markets north america china latin america japan and south korea.  due to the small size of the two operat ing segments japan and south korea they are combined for external segment reporting as japansouth korea .  due to the change in the operating segments and the associated groups of cashgenerating units both a reallocation of goodwill and an impairment tes t of goodwill were carried out as at january .  there was no need for impairment in this context.  no other companyspecific subsequent events are known that might have a material influence on the assets liabilities financial position and profit or loss of the company

Score 0.485
gross value allowance for obsoles cence net value gross value allowance for obsoles cence net value merchandise and finished goods on hand goods in transit raw materials work in progress inventories goods in transit mainly relate to shipments of finished goods and merchandise from suppliers in asia to subsidiaries in europe north america asia and latin america.  expenses from writedown on inventories amounted to million in million.  as of december inventories include yeezy products in the amount of approximately million.  this includes impairment losses of million in which were recognized based on management estimates .  other current assets other current assets consist of the following other current assets in millions dec

Score 0.484
continuous investment in research and development ensures that we remain innovative and distinct from compet itors.  we also pursue a strategy of entering into longterm agreements with key promotion partners.  in addition our product and communication initiatives are designed to increase brand desire drive market share growth and strengthen our brand s market p osition.  risks related to tax and customs regulations numerous laws and regulations regarding customs and taxes as well as changes in such laws and regulations affect the companys business practices worldwide.  noncompliance with regulations concerning pr oduct imports including calculation of customs values intercompany transactions or income taxes could lead to substantial financial penalties and additional costs as well as negative media coverage and therefore reputational damage for example in case of understatements or underpayments of corporate income taxes or customs duties

Score 0.483
amendments to ias international tax reform pillar two model rules effective date january in may the iasb issued international tax reform pillar two model rules amendments to ias to clarify the application of ias income taxes to income taxes arising from tax law enacted or substantively enacted to implement the oecd pillar two model rules.  the amendments include a temporary excepti on to the accounting for deferred taxes arising from the implementation of the pillar two model rules and additional disclosure requirements for affected entities with the aim to help users of the financial statements better understand an entitys exposur e to the pillar two model rules.  the required disclosures are provided in the note of income taxes.  see note new standards and interpretations as well as amendments to existing standards and interpretations are usually not applied by adidas before the eu effective date.  the following new standards and interpretations and amendments to existing standards and interpretations issued by the iasb endorsed by the eu and which are effective for fin ancial years beginning after january have not been applied in preparing these consolidated financial statements amendments to ifrs lease liability in a sale and leaseback effective date january in september the iasb has issued amendments to ifrs to clarify how a sellerlessee subsequently measures sale and leaseback transactions that satisfy the requirements in ifrs to be accounted for as a sale to ensure the sellerlessee does not recognize any amount of the gain or loss that relates to the right of use it retains

Score 0.481
prepaid expenses return assets tax receivables other than income taxes contract assets sundry other current assets gross less accumulated allowances other current assets net prepaid expenses mainly relate to promotion and service contracts .  the decrease in the line item tax receivables other than income taxes relates mainly to valueadded tax.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t property plant and equipment the following table presents a reconciliation of the carrying amount of property plant and equipment property plant and equipment in millions land and buildings technical equipment and machinery other equipment furniture and fixtures construction in progress property plant and equipment acquisition cost january additions disposals transfers decrease in companies consolidated currency translation differences december january additions disposals transfers decrease in companies consolidated currency translation differences december accumulated depreciation and impairment january depreciation impairment losses reversals of impairment losses disposals transfers decrease in companies consolidated currency translation differences december january to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t property plant and equipment in millions land and buildings technical equipment and machinery other equipment furniture and fixtures construction in progress property plant and equipment depreciation impairment losses reversals of impairment losses disposals transfers decrease in companies consolidated currency translation differences december net carrying amount january december january december as a general principle it is regularly assessed whether there are any indications that property plant and equipment might be impaired.  irrespective of the existence of such indications furniture and fixtures in adidas own retail stores as part of the cashgenerating unit are tested annually for impairment whereby the recoverable amount value in use of the cashgenerating un it as part of determining the profitability of adidas own retail stores is calculated using the discounted cash flow method .  impairment losses recognized in mainly relate to the companys own retail activities for which contrary to initial expe ctations no sufficient future economic benefit is expected

Score 0.481
currencyneutral accessories and gear sales were up mainly reflecting a doubledigit increase in football .  net sales by product category in millions change change currencyneutral footwear apparel accessories and gear total prior year figures restated due to hqconsolidation.  see note .  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t net sales by product category in cost of sales decreases in line with net sales development cost of sales is defined as the amount we pay to third parties for expenses associated with producing and delivering our products.  in addition ownproduction expenses are also included in the cost of sales

Score 0.481
provisions for returns and warranty primarily arise due to the obligation of fulfilling cus tomer claims with regard to the return of products sold by adidas.  the amount of the provision follows the historical development of returns and warranty as well as current agreements.  provisions for taxes other than income taxes mainly relate to value ad ded tax real estate tax and motor vehicle tax.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t sundry provisions mainly include provisions for onerous contracts as well as for dismantling and restoration costs.  noncurrent provisions mainly consist of provisions for longterm variable compensation com ponents with a time frame of three to four years discounted with countryspecific interest rates

Score 0.481
the eu taxonomy regulation and the delegated acts issued thereunder contain wording and terms that are still subject to considerable interpretation uncertainties and for which clarifications have not yet been published in every case.  therefore the executive directors have disclosed their interpretation of the eu taxonomy regulation and the delegated acts adopted thereunder in section eutaxonomy of the combined nonfinancial statement.  they are responsible for the defensibility of this interpretation.  due to pricewaterhousecoopers gmbh has performed a limited and reasonable assurance engagement on the german version of the combined nonfinancial statement and issued an independent practitioners report in german language which is au thoritative.  the following text is a translation of the independent practitioners report

Score 0.481
g.  led lighting in retail stores .  acquisition and ownership of buildings including building leases assessment of taxonomy alignment of taxonomyeligible activities for taxonomyeligible activities at adidas the environmental objectiv e of climate change mitigation is applicable not climate change adaptation since these activities are intended to positively impact our carbon footprint.  hence the taxonomyeligible activities have been assessed according to the substantial contribution and dnsh criteria as laid out in annex i to the delegated regulation eu .  since the identified taxonomyeligible activities relate to the purchase of output from potentially taxonomyaligned activities performing the taxonomy assessment was dependent on the input of the relevant information from the respective thirdparty suppliers

Score 0.48
taxonomy noneligible activities turnover of taxonomy noneligible activities b total a b y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  ccm climate change mitigation cca climate change adaptation wtr water and marine resources ppc pollution prevention and control ce circular economy bio biodiversity and ecosystems.  net sales as reported in the consolidated income statement.  el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant envi ronmental objective.  proportion of turnovertotal turnover taxonomyaligned per objective taxonomyeligible per objective ccm cca wtr ce ppc bio to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t proportion of capex from products or services associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering year business year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities code capex proportion of capex climate change mitigation climate change adaptation water pollution circular economy biodiversity climate change mitigation climate change adaptation water pollution circular economy biodiversity minimum safeguards proportion of taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.48
. pp distribution and selling expenses .  of net sales .  .

Score 0.479
of net sales .  .  . pp distribution and selling expenses .  of net sales

Score 0.478
we respond to information requests whether formal or informal and on a casebycase basis decide whether to take the initiative in communicating business developments of particular significance to the local tax authorities.  during we were not involved in the public policy regarding tax law or tax law changes in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate.  tax planning we ensure that the tax profile of our activities is aligned with the substance of t he operating structures of our business.  accordingly transactions have commercial and economic substance and we do not put in place arrangements that are contrived or artificial.  our transfer pricing policy requires that intragroup transactions be carr ied out on an armslength basis

Score 0.478
net sales with third parties in millions emea north america greater china asiapacific footwear apparel accessories and gear total latin america reportable segments other businesses total footwear apparel accessories and gear total reconciliations the following tables include reconciliations of segmental information to the aggregate numbers of the consolidated financial statements taking into account items which are not directly attributable to a segment.  net sales third parties in millions year ending dec.  year ending dec.  reportable segments other businesses hq consolidation total net sales to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t operating profit in millions year ending dec.  year ending dec

Score 0.478
.  . pp distribution and selling expenses .  of net sales .

Score 0.477
to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t segmental information ii in millions capital expenditure depreciation and amortization impairment losses and reversals of impairment losses emea north america greater china asiapacific latin america reportable segments other businesses total year ending december .  the following table shows the net sales with third parties broken down by segment and product group.  net sales with third parties in millions emea north america greater china asiapacific footwear apparel accessories and gear total latin america reportable segments other businesses total footwear apparel accessories and gear total reconciliations the following tables include reconciliations of segmental information to the aggregate numbers of the consolidated financial statements taking into account items which are not directly attributable to a segment.  net sales third parties in millions year ending dec.  year ending dec

Score 0.477
year ending dec.  income from transitional service agreements income from release of accrued liabilities and other provisions gains from disposal of fixed assets sundry income other operating income the decrease in income from transition services agreements relates to contracts with the buyer of the reebok business from .  adidas discontinued these services in .  other operating expenses expenses are presented by function according to the cost of sales method in the income statement with the exception of impairment losses net on accounts receivable and contract assets which are disclosed in a separate line item as required by ifrs financial instruments .  other operating expenses presented by functions include marketing and pointofsale expenses distribution and selling expenses and general and administration expenses as well as sundry expenses less any income from government grants if applicable

Score 0.477
the carrying amount of recognized inventories must be reduced if the inventories are damaged or partially obsolete and the expected net realizable values are less than the costs.  at the balance sheet date the costs are compared against the net realizable values which are determined by deducting the directly attributable selling costs to be incurred prior to sale of the inventories from the sales proceeds expected to be generated.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t net realizable values are calculated based on d iscretionary planning assumptions as to the sales proceeds realizable in the ordinary course of business less necessary selling costs which are derived on the basis of historical observable data.  in particular the age seasonality of the inventories and the selected sales channel to be used in future sales are significant.  the impairment test resulted in a writedown on inventories as of the balance sheet date amounting to eur million in total

Score 0.476
the following table shows the net sales with third parties broken down by segment and product group.  net sales with third parties in millions emea north america greater china asiapacific footwear apparel accessories and gear total latin america reportable segments other businesses total footwear apparel accessories and gear total reconciliations the following tables include reconciliations of segmental information to the aggregate numbers of the consolidated financial statements taking into account items which are not directly attributable to a segment.  net sales third parties in millions year ending dec.  year ending dec.  reportable segments other businesses hq consolidation total net sales to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t operating profit in millions year ending dec

Score 0.475
see note other current financial assets other current financial assets consist of the following other current financial assets in millions dec.  dec.  currency options forward exchange contracts suppliers with debit balances security deposits receivables from credit cards and similar receivables customs receivables from retail business other investments deferred consideration of reebok sale sundry other current financial assets gross less accumulated allowances other current financial assets net further information about currency options and forward exchange contracts is contained in th ese note s.  see note to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t inventories inventories by major classification are as follows inventories in millions dec.  dec

Score 0.474
g .  a quarterly tax risk questionnaire and the corporate tax and customs teams are involved in critical business transactions.  compliance with global tax and customs policies and controls is monitored by the corporate tax and customs teams internal controls experts and the internal audit department.  w e closely monitor changes in legislation to properly adopt regulatory requirements regarding customs and taxes apply any available and applicable guidance from tax authorities and organizations such as the oecd the world customs organization and the wor ld trade organization and seek guidance from individual authorities as appropriate which may include requesting tax rulings from a tax authority.  in addition our internal legal customs and tax teams advise our operational management teams to ensure appropriate and compliant business practices

Score 0.474
the decrease in the line item tax receivables other than income taxes relates mainly to valueadded tax.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t property plant and equipment the following table presents a reconciliation of the carrying amount of property plant and equipment property plant and equipment in millions land and buildings technical equipment and machinery other equipment furniture and fixtures construction in progress property plant and equipment acquisition cost january additions disposals transfers decrease in companies consolidated currency translation differences december january additions disposals transfers decrease in companies consolidated currency translation differences december accumulated depreciation and impairment january depreciation impairment losses reversals of impairment losses disposals transfers decrease in companies consolidated currency translation differences december january to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t property plant and equipment in millions land and buildings technical equipment and machinery other equipment furniture and fixtures construction in progress property plant and equipment depreciation impairment losses reversals of impairment losses disposals transfers decrease in companies consolidated currency translation differences december net carrying amount january december january december as a general principle it is regularly assessed whether there are any indications that property plant and equipment might be impaired.  irrespective of the existence of such indications furniture and fixtures in adidas own retail stores as part of the cashgenerating unit are tested annually for impairment whereby the recoverable amount value in use of the cashgenerating un it as part of determining the profitability of adidas own retail stores is calculated using the discounted cash flow method .  impairment losses recognized in mainly relate to the companys own retail activities for which contrary to initial expe ctations no sufficient future economic benefit is expected .  in impairment losses of million were recognized for property plant and equipment

Score 0.474
dec.  prepaid expenses return assets tax receivables other than income taxes contract assets sundry other current assets gross less accumulated allowances other current assets net prepaid expenses mainly relate to promotion and service contracts .  the decrease in the line item tax receivables other than income taxes relates mainly to valueadded tax.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t property plant and equipment the following table presents a reconciliation of the carrying amount of property plant and equipment property plant and equipment in millions land and buildings technical equipment and machinery other equipment furniture and fixtures construction in progress property plant and equipment acquisition cost january additions disposals transfers decrease in companies consolidated currency translation differences december january additions disposals transfers decrease in companies consolidated currency translation differences december accumulated depreciation and impairment january depreciation impairment losses reversals of impairment losses disposals transfers decrease in companies consolidated currency translation differences december january to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t property plant and equipment in millions land and buildings technical equipment and machinery other equipment furniture and fixtures construction in progress property plant and equipment depreciation impairment losses reversals of impairment losses disposals transfers decrease in companies consolidated currency translation differences december net carrying amount january december january december as a general principle it is regularly assessed whether there are any indications that property plant and equipment might be impaired.  irrespective of the existence of such indications furniture and fixtures in adidas own retail stores as part of the cashgenerating unit are tested annually for impairment whereby the recoverable amount value in use of the cashgenerating un it as part of determining the profitability of adidas own retail stores is calculated using the discounted cash flow method

Score 0.474
to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t eu taxonomy tables proportion of turnover from products or services associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering year business year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities code turnover proportion of turnover climate change mitigation climate change adaptation water pollution circular economy biodiversity climate change mitigation climate change adaptation water pollution circular economy biodiversity minimum safeguards proportion of taxonomyaligned a. .  or eligible a. .  turnover category enabling activity category transitional activity in millions in yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn nel yn yn yn yn yn yn yn in e t a

Score 0.474
this is defined as gross profit minus other operating expenses plus royalty and commission income and other operating income attributable to the segment without considering headquarter costs and central expenditure for marketing.  segmental assets include accounts receivable as well as inventories.  only these items are reported to the chief operating decisionmaker on a regular basis.  depreciation amortization impairment losses except for goodwill and reversals of impairment losses as well as capital expenditure for tangible and intangible assets are part of the segmental reporting even though segmental assets do not contain tangible and intangible assets.  depreciation and amortization as well as impairment losses and reversals of impairment losses no t directly attributable to a segment are presented under line items hq and consolidation in the reconciliations

Score 0.473
loss allowance accounts receivable net movement in loss allowances for accounts receivable in millions loss allowances at january net remeasurement of loss allowances writeoffs charged against the loss allowance accounts currency translation differences other changes loss allowances at december as at december the loss allowance for notcreditimpaired accounts receivable in the amount of million and creditimpaired accounts receivable in the amount of million was not recognized as adidas holds credit enhancement instruments mainly in the form of credit insurance and bank guarantees which mitigate the credit risk of those financial assets.  there are no material balances of accounts receivable written off but subject to enforcement activity.  accounts receivable are derecognized when substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to the financial asset are transferred to a third party under fac toring arrangements.  as of december accounts receivable amounting to million million were derecognized in connection with factoring agreements in japan .  the purchase price corresponds to the nominal amount of the respective to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t receivable less any deductions relating to the receivable e

Score 0.472
we utilize a broad distribution strategy which includes further expansion of our directtoconsumer business to reduce the risk of overreliance on key customers.  specifically no single customer accounted for more than of the compa nys sales in .  to reduce risk in the supply chain we work with suppliers who demonstrate reliability quality and innovation.  furthermore in order to minimize any potential negative consequences such as a violation of our wor kplace standards by our suppliers we enforce strict control and inspection procedures at our suppliers and also demand adherence to social and environmental standards throughout our supply chain.  in addition we have selectively bought insurance coverage for the risk of business interruptions caused by physical damage to suppliers premises

Score 0.472
led lighting in retail stores .  acquisition and ownership of buildings including building leases assessment of taxonomy alignment of taxonomyeligible activities for taxonomyeligible activities at adidas the environmental objectiv e of climate change mitigation is applicable not climate change adaptation since these activities are intended to positively impact our carbon footprint.  hence the taxonomyeligible activities have been assessed according to the substantial contribution and dnsh criteria as laid out in annex i to the delegated regulation eu .  since the identified taxonomyeligible activities relate to the purchase of output from potentially taxonomyaligned activities performing the taxonomy assessment was dependent on the input of the relevant information from the respective thirdparty suppliers.  due to the expected time and resource investment necessary for assessing all individual projects and items contributing to the eligible activities we prioritized the assessment of those individual activities that were most material in terms of value andor were more likely to be taxonomyaligned due to the availability of the necessary information

Score 0.471
re coverability of inventories .  in the companys consolidated statement of financial position inventories amounting to eur million of total assets are reported.  inventories are initially recognized at cost taking into account directly attributable incidental acquisition costs and cost reductions.  the carrying amount of recognized inventories must be reduced if the inventories are damaged or partially obsolete and the expected net realizable values are less than the costs.  at the balance sheet date the costs are compared against the net realizable values which are determined by deducting the directly attributable selling costs to be incurred prior to sale of the inventories from the sales proceeds expected to be generated

Score 0.471
we carried out related activities in due to the operation of a district heating plant in germany although similar to not to a material extent.  thus the detailed disclosure requirements a s per annex xii of the delegated regulation do not apply to adidas .  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t description of adidas procedure toward compliant reporting as in previous years a core team within the adidas corporate finance area was responsible for the reporting proc ess.  the main tasks of the team were to educate the functional and subjectmatter experts mainly from the accounting controlling hr workplaces supply chain and retail teams on the reporting requirements with particular focus on taxonomy alignment criteria   define orchestrate and lead a structured process to collect all taxonomyrelevant information from the subjectmatter experts analyze and verify reported information in terms of taxonomy relevance accuracy and completeness and ensure that all new and updated taxonomyrelevant publications that have become available throughout the course of the year are adequately reflected in this report.  determination of taxonomyeligible activities the core team reviewed the new delegated acts to the taxonomy regulation as they became available and analyzed the impact on the disclosure requirements compared to to ensure accuracy and completeness of our reporting

Score 0.471
pp distribution and selling expenses .  of net sales .  .  . pp general and administration expenses

Score 0.47
in the companys consolidated statement of financial position inventories amounting to eur million of total assets are reported.  inventories are initially recognized at cost taking into account directly attributable incidental acquisition costs and cost reductions.  the carrying amount of recognized inventories must be reduced if the inventories are damaged or partially obsolete and the expected net realizable values are less than the costs.  at the balance sheet date the costs are compared against the net realizable values which are determined by deducting the directly attributable selling costs to be incurred prior to sale of the inventories from the sales proceeds expected to be generated.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t net realizable values are calculated based on d iscretionary planning assumptions as to the sales proceeds realizable in the ordinary course of business less necessary selling costs which are derived on the basis of historical observable data

Score 0.47
cost of sales .  gross profit .  of net sales .  .

Score 0.47
in addition we examined the presentation of revenue recogni tion in the groupwide accounting policy to assess whether it complied with ifrs .  furthermore in the context of substantive audit procedures we obtained evidence in particular delivery certificates invoices and receipts of payments of the existence and accrual of revenue in order to assess whether the recognized and accrues revenues were based on a corresponding shipment or transfer of goods.  in addition we evaluated the mathematical correctness of the executive directors calculation of e xpected returns.  we compared the expected returns against historical sales channelspecific return rates and the returned merchandise recorded in the financial accounting records.  we were able to satisfy ourselves that the estimates and assumptions made b y the executive directors in connection with the appropriate accounting treatment of the revenue were sufficiently substantiated and documented

Score 0.47
the company limited pointofsale expenses at times and in regions with heightened promotional activity in the market place .  as a percentage of sales marketing and pointofsale expenses decreased .  percen tage points to .  .