Scores_k_FINANCIAL AND INSURANCE ACTIVITIESScore 0.572
other financial assets that give rise to cash flows consisting only of payments of principal and interest and that are assigned to the business model hold to collect and sell are measured at fair value through oci.  this category mainly includes other investments and securities to hedge longterm variable compensation compon ents.  other financial assets which are neither within the business model hold to collect nor within hold to collect and sell are measured at fair value through profit or loss.  this category mainly includes secured promissory notes and earnout compon ents.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t longterm financial assets longterm financial assets are distinguished between debt and equity instruments and classified according to ifrs as follows debt instruments are measured depending on the companys business model for managing financia l assets and the contractual cash flows

Score 0.565
this category mainly includes other investments and securities to hedge longterm variable compensation compon ents.  other financial assets which are neither within the business model hold to collect nor within hold to collect and sell are measured at fair value through profit or loss.  this category mainly includes secured promissory notes and earnout compon ents.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t longterm financial assets longterm financial assets are distinguished between debt and equity instruments and classified according to ifrs as follows debt instruments are measured depending on the companys business model for managing financia l assets and the contractual cash flows.  only financial assets that are held within the business model hold to collect with the objective to collect the contractual cash flows which represent solely payments of principal and interest on the principal am ount outstanding on a specific date are measured at amortized cost

Score 0.554
the line item other investments comprises investments that are mainly invested in insurance products which are measured at fair v alue and securities for longterm variable compensation components.  other investments include a decrease of the fair value in an amount of million in   million increase .  longterm financial assets in millions dec.  dec.  investment in fc bayern münchen ag other equity investments other investments loans longterm financial assets other noncurrent financial assets other noncurrent financial assets consist of the following other noncurrent financial assets in millions dec

Score 0.553
all purchases and sales of financial assets with the exception of trade receivables are recognized on the trade date and initially measured at fair value.  at initial recognition trade receivables that do not have a significant financing component are measured at their transaction price.  subsequently a financial asset is measured at amortized cost fair value through other comprehensive income debt instrument fair value through other comprehensive income equity instrument or fair value through profit or loss.  a financial asset is measured at amortized cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated at fair value through profit or loss the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contra ctual cash flows business model hold to collect and the financial assets contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.  a financial asset is measured at fair value through other comprehensive income if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated at fair value through profit or loss the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both c ollecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets business model hold to collect and sell and its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outst anding

Score 0.549
to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t financial instruments additional information to financial instruments carrying amounts of financial instruments and their fair values including hierarchy according to ifrs in millions category december december carrying amount fair value level level level carrying amount fair value level level level financial assets cash and cash equivalents cash and cash equivalents amortized cost cash equivalents fair value through profit or loss shortterm financial assets fair value through profit or loss accounts receivable amortized cost other current financial assets derivatives used in hedge accounting n. a.  derivatives not used in hedge accounting fair value through profit or loss other investments n. a.  other financial assets amortized cost longterm financial assets other equity investments fair value through profit or loss other equity investments fair value through other comprehensive income other investments fair value through profit or loss other investments n

Score 0.536
investments in other equity instruments held for trading fahft investments in other equity instruments fvtpl investments in other equity instruments fvoci earnout components assets reconciliation of fair value hierarchy level in in millions realized unrealized fair value jan.  additions dis posals gains losses gains losses transfers currency translation fair value dec.  investments in other equity instruments held for trading fahft investments in other equity instruments fvtpl investments in other equity instruments fvoci promissory notes fvtpl earnout components assets due to the shortterm maturities of cash and cash equivalents shortterm financial assets and accounts receivable and payable as well as other current financial receivables and payables their respective fair values equal their carrying amount.  the fair values of noncurrent financial assets and liabilities are estimated by discounting expected future cash flows using current i nterest rates for debt of similar terms and remaining maturities and adjusted by a companyspecific credit risk premium or measured at market prices .  fair values of longterm financial assets are based on quoted market prices in an active market or are calculated as present values of expected future cash flows

Score 0.533
cash and cash equivalents equity instruments bonds real estate pension plan reinsurance investment funds other assets fair value of plan assets all equities and bonds are traded freely and have a quoted market price in an active market.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t at each balance sheet date the company analyzes the over or underfunding and where appropriate adjusts the composition of plan assets.  as of december the plan assets eligible for offsetting are required to be reduced by million million due to the application of ias . .  the reduction of million will be recognized mainly as an increase in other reserves in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income

Score 0.531
to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t carrying amounts of financial instruments and their fair values including hierarchy according to ifrs in millions category december december carrying amount fair value level level level carrying amount fair value level level level derivatives not used in hedge accounting fair value through profit or loss other financial liabilities amortized cost lease liabilities n. a.  longterm borrowings bank borrowings amortized cost eurobond amortized cost noncurrent accrued liabilities amortized cost other noncurrent financial liabilities derivatives used in hedge accounting n. a.  lease liabilities n

Score 0.527
in no additional employer funding contribution was transferred to the trustee .  the plan assets in the registered association are mainly invested in fixed income funds equity funds and real estate.  another substantial part of the plan assets in germany is invested in insurance contracts via a pension fund and a provident fund.  for this portion an insurance entity is responsible for the determination and the implementation of the investment strategy.  in the uk the plan assets are held in an external trust

Score 0.525
at initial recognition trade receivables that do not have a significant financing component are measured at their transaction price.  subsequently a financial asset is measured at amortized cost fair value through other comprehensive income debt instrument fair value through other comprehensive income equity instrument or fair value through profit or loss.  a financial asset is measured at amortized cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated at fair value through profit or loss the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contra ctual cash flows business model hold to collect and the financial assets contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.  a financial asset is measured at fair value through other comprehensive income if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated at fair value through profit or loss the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both c ollecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets business model hold to collect and sell and its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outst anding.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t in principle all investments in equity instruments are measured at fair value through profit or loss

Score 0.524
the plan assets in the registered association are mainly invested in fixed income funds equity funds and real estate.  another substantial part of the plan assets in germany is invested in insurance contracts via a pension fund and a provident fund.  for this portion an insurance entity is responsible for the determination and the implementation of the investment strategy.  in the uk the plan assets are held in an external trust.  in principle t he investment strategy is aligned with the structure of the pension obligations in these countries

Score 0.519
another substantial part of the plan assets in germany is invested in insurance contracts via a pension fund and a provident fund.  for this portion an insurance entity is responsible for the determination and the implementation of the investment strategy.  in the uk the plan assets are held in an external trust.  in principle t he investment strategy is aligned with the structure of the pension obligations in these countries.  in the rest of the world the plan assets consist predominantly of insurance contracts

Score 0.515
other financial assets other financial assets are classified and measured under ifrs   based on the compa nys business model for managing these assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics.  those other financial assets that give rise to cash flows consisting only of payments of principal and interest and that are assigned to the business model hold t o collect are measured at amortized cost.  adidas mainly has security deposits and receivables from credit card companies and electronic marketplaces that fall under this category.  other financial assets that give rise to cash flows consisting only of payments of principal and interest and that are assigned to the business model hold to collect and sell are measured at fair value through oci.  this category mainly includes other investments and securities to hedge longterm variable compensation compon ents

Score 0.514
dec.  cash and cash equivalents equity instruments bonds real estate pension plan reinsurance investment funds other assets fair value of plan assets all equities and bonds are traded freely and have a quoted market price in an active market.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t at each balance sheet date the company analyzes the over or underfunding and where appropriate adjusts the composition of plan assets.  as of december the plan assets eligible for offsetting are required to be reduced by million million due to the application of ias .

Score 0.513
if only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.  accounts receivable that do not contain a significant financing component are recognized at the transaction price which represents the amount of consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a customer excluding amounts collected on behalf of third parties.  subsequently these are measured at amortized cost.  other financial assets other financial assets are classified and measured under ifrs   based on the compa nys business model for managing these assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics.  those other financial assets that give rise to cash flows consisting only of payments of principal and interest and that are assigned to the business model hold t o collect are measured at amortized cost

Score 0.512
a.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t carrying amounts of financial instruments and their fair values including hierarchy according to ifrs in millions category december december carrying amount fair value level level level carrying amount fair value level level level derivatives not used in hedge accounting fair value through profit or loss other financial liabilities amortized cost lease liabilities n. a.  longterm borrowings bank borrowings amortized cost eurobond amortized cost noncurrent accrued liabilities amortized cost other noncurrent financial liabilities derivatives used in hedge accounting n. a

Score 0.512
tax liabilities other than income taxes liabilities due to personnel liabilities due to social security deferred income contract liabilities donation pledge sundry other current liabilities in the line item sundry mainly relates to marketing expenses.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t other noncurrent financial liabilities other noncurrent financial liabilities consist of the following other noncurrent financial liabilities in millions dec.  dec.  forward exchange contracts currency options revaluation of total return swap other noncurrent financial liabilities since the financial year the change in the fair value of the total return swap is presented together with the origina l investment as one unit of account within other current financial assets respectively longterm financial assets.  the change in the fair value of the total return swap is shown in the note financial instruments

Score 0.51
other current li abilities other current liabilities consist of the following other current liabilities in millions dec.  dec.  tax liabilities other than income taxes liabilities due to personnel liabilities due to social security deferred income contract liabilities donation pledge sundry other current liabilities in the line item sundry mainly relates to marketing expenses.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t other noncurrent financial liabilities other noncurrent financial liabilities consist of the following other noncurrent financial liabilities in millions dec.  dec

Score 0.509
other equity investments include minority shareholdings.  there is currently no intention to sell these shares.  other minority shareholdings include a decrease of the fair value in an amount of million in   million increase .  the line item other investments comprises investments that are mainly invested in insurance products which are measured at fair v alue and securities for longterm variable compensation components.  other investments include a decrease of the fair value in an amount of million in   million increase

Score 0.507
composition of plan assets in millions dec.  dec.  cash and cash equivalents equity instruments bonds real estate pension plan reinsurance investment funds other assets fair value of plan assets all equities and bonds are traded freely and have a quoted market price in an active market.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t at each balance sheet date the company analyzes the over or underfunding and where appropriate adjusts the composition of plan assets.  as of december the plan assets eligible for offsetting are required to be reduced by million million due to the application of ias

Score 0.507
e.  if only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.  accounts receivable that do not contain a significant financing component are recognized at the transaction price which represents the amount of consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a customer excluding amounts collected on behalf of third parties.  subsequently these are measured at amortized cost.  other financial assets other financial assets are classified and measured under ifrs   based on the compa nys business model for managing these assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics

Score 0.505
a financial asset is measured at amortized cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated at fair value through profit or loss the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contra ctual cash flows business model hold to collect and the financial assets contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.  a financial asset is measured at fair value through other comprehensive income if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated at fair value through profit or loss the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both c ollecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets business model hold to collect and sell and its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outst anding.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t in principle all investments in equity instruments are measured at fair value through profit or loss.  at initial recognition an entity may make an irrevocable election to present in other comprehensive income subsequent changes in the fair value of an investment in an equity instrument that is neither held for trading nor a contingent consideration acquired by a purchaser in a business combination.  this election is made on an investmentbyinvestment basis

Score 0.503
a.  other financial assets amortized cost longterm financial assets other equity investments fair value through profit or loss other equity investments fair value through other comprehensive income other investments fair value through profit or loss other investments n. a.  loans amortized cost other noncurrent financial assets derivatives used in hedge accounting n. a

Score 0.502
for this portion an insurance entity is responsible for the determination and the implementation of the investment strategy.  in the uk the plan assets are held in an external trust.  in principle t he investment strategy is aligned with the structure of the pension obligations in these countries.  in the rest of the world the plan assets consist predominantly of insurance contracts.  the expected total employer contributions for the financial year amount to million

Score 0.501
other financial assets which are neither within the business model hold to collect nor within hold to collect and sell are measured at fair value through profit or loss.  this category mainly includes secured promissory notes and earnout compon ents.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t longterm financial assets longterm financial assets are distinguished between debt and equity instruments and classified according to ifrs as follows debt instruments are measured depending on the companys business model for managing financia l assets and the contractual cash flows.  only financial assets that are held within the business model hold to collect with the objective to collect the contractual cash flows which represent solely payments of principal and interest on the principal am ount outstanding on a specific date are measured at amortized cost.  adidas classifies certain loans within this category

Score 0.501
.  inventories .  .  fixed assets .

Score 0.501
net sales net income net income attributable to noncontrolling interests other comprehensive income total comprehensive income total comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests current assets noncurrent assets current liabilities noncurrent liabilities net assets net assets attributable to noncontrolling interests according to the consolidated statement of financial position net cash generated from operating activities net cash used in investing activities net cash used in financing activities net increase of cash and cash equivalents dividends paid to noncontrolling interests during the year included in net cash used in financing activities.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t financial instruments additional information to financial instruments carrying amounts of financial instruments and their fair values including hierarchy according to ifrs in millions category december december carrying amount fair value level level level carrying amount fair value level level level financial assets cash and cash equivalents cash and cash equivalents amortized cost cash equivalents fair value through profit or loss shortterm financial assets fair value through profit or loss accounts receivable amortized cost other current financial assets derivatives used in hedge accounting n. a.  derivatives not used in hedge accounting fair value through profit or loss other investments n. a

Score 0.5
to ensure optimal allocation of the companys liquid financial resources subsidiaries transfer ex cess cash to our headquarters in all instances where it is legally and economically feasible.  in this regard the standardization and consolidation of our global cash management and payment processes including automated domestic and crossborder cash pool s are a key priority for our centrally managed treasury department.  in addition the department is responsible for e ffective management of our currency exposure and interest rate risks .  see note   to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t standard covenants in the case of our committed credit facilities we have entered into various legal covenants.  these legal covenants may include limits on the disposal of fixed assets the amount of debt secured by liens cro ssdefault provisions and change of control

Score 0.499
a financial asset is measured at fair value through other comprehensive income if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated at fair value through profit or loss the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both c ollecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets business model hold to collect and sell and its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outst anding.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t in principle all investments in equity instruments are measured at fair value through profit or loss.  at initial recognition an entity may make an irrevocable election to present in other comprehensive income subsequent changes in the fair value of an investment in an equity instrument that is neither held for trading nor a contingent consideration acquired by a purchaser in a business combination.  this election is made on an investmentbyinvestment basis.  all financial assets which are not clas sified as measured at amortized cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income as described above are measured at fair value through profit or loss

Score 0.499
interest incomeexpense from financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss mainly includes interest payments from investment funds as well as net interest payments from interest derivatives not being part of a hedging relationship.  unrealized gainslosses from fair value measurement of such financial assets are shown in other financial income or expenses.  interest expense on financial instruments measured at amortized cost mainly includes interest on lease liabilities as well as interest on borrowings calculated using the effective interest method .  interest expense on other provisions and nonfinancial liabilities in particular include effects from the measurement of other provisions at present value and interest on nonfinancial liabilities such as tax payables.  information regarding investmen ts borrowings and financial instruments is also included in these notes

Score 0.499
further information about credit risks is contained in th ese note s.  see note other current financial assets other current financial assets consist of the following other current financial assets in millions dec.  dec.  currency options forward exchange contracts suppliers with debit balances security deposits receivables from credit cards and similar receivables customs receivables from retail business other investments deferred consideration of reebok sale sundry other current financial assets gross less accumulated allowances other current financial assets net further information about currency options and forward exchange contracts is contained in th ese note s.  see note to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t inventories inventories by major classification are as follows inventories in millions dec

Score 0.498
dec.  tax liabilities other than income taxes liabilities due to personnel liabilities due to social security deferred income contract liabilities donation pledge sundry other current liabilities in the line item sundry mainly relates to marketing expenses.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t other noncurrent financial liabilities other noncurrent financial liabilities consist of the following other noncurrent financial liabilities in millions dec.  dec.  forward exchange contracts currency options revaluation of total return swap other noncurrent financial liabilities since the financial year the change in the fair value of the total return swap is presented together with the origina l investment as one unit of account within other current financial assets respectively longterm financial assets

Score 0.497
subsequently a financial asset is measured at amortized cost fair value through other comprehensive income debt instrument fair value through other comprehensive income equity instrument or fair value through profit or loss.  a financial asset is measured at amortized cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated at fair value through profit or loss the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contra ctual cash flows business model hold to collect and the financial assets contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.  a financial asset is measured at fair value through other comprehensive income if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated at fair value through profit or loss the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both c ollecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets business model hold to collect and sell and its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outst anding.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t in principle all investments in equity instruments are measured at fair value through profit or loss.  at initial recognition an entity may make an irrevocable election to present in other comprehensive income subsequent changes in the fair value of an investment in an equity instrument that is neither held for trading nor a contingent consideration acquired by a purchaser in a business combination

Score 0.497
other minority shareholdings include a decrease of the fair value in an amount of million in   million increase .  the line item other investments comprises investments that are mainly invested in insurance products which are measured at fair v alue and securities for longterm variable compensation components.  other investments include a decrease of the fair value in an amount of million in   million increase .  longterm financial assets in millions dec.  dec

Score 0.496
in addition the department is responsible for e ffective management of our currency exposure and interest rate risks .  see note   to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t standard covenants in the case of our committed credit facilities we have entered into various legal covenants.  these legal covenants may include limits on the disposal of fixed assets the amount of debt secured by liens cro ssdefault provisions and change of control.  however our financial arrangements do not contain any financial covenants.  if we fail to meet any covenant and were unable to obtain a waiver borrowings would become due and payable immediately

Score 0.495
cash and cash equivalents cash and cash equi valents represent cash at banks cash on hand and shortterm deposits with maturities of three months or less from the date of acquisition such as commercial papers and investments in money market funds.  cash equivalents are shortterm highly liquid inv estments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.  cash equivalents can partly include investments in money market funds.  classification and measurement under ifrs   are perfo rmed based on the company s business model for managing these financial assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics.  investments in money market funds contain cash flows other than those of principal and interest on principal

Score 0.494
other financial assets amortized cost longterm financial assets other equity investments fair value through profit or loss other equity investments fair value through other comprehensive income other investments fair value through profit or loss other investments n. a.  loans amortized cost other noncurrent financial assets derivatives used in hedge accounting n. a.  derivatives not used in hedge accounting fair value through profit or loss earnout components fair value through profit or loss other financial assets amortized cost financial assets per level financial liabilities shortterm borrowings bank borrowings amortized cost eurobond amortized cost convertible bond amortized cost accounts payable amortized cost current accrued liabilities amortized cost current accrued liabilities for customer discounts amortized cost other current financial liabilities derivatives used in hedge accounting n

Score 0.494
future cash outflows arising from financial liabilities that are recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position are presented in the table.  this includes payments to settle obligations from borrowings as well as cash outflows from cashsettled derivatives with negative market values.  financial liabilities that may be settled in advance without penalty are included on the basis of the earliest date of potential repayment.  cash flows for variableinterest liabilities are determined with reference to the conditions at the balance sheet date.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t future cash outflows in millions up to year up to years up to years up to years up to years more than years total as at december bank borrowings eurobond equityneutral convertible bond accounts payable other financial liabilities accrued liabilities derivative financial liabilities total as at december bank borrowings eurobond equityneutral convertible bond accounts payable other financial liabilities accrued liabilities derivative financial liabilities total including interest payments

Score 0.494
accounts receivable .  .  inventories .  .  fixed assets

Score 0.493
interest income from financial instruments measured at amortized cost interest income from nonfinancial assets other financial income financial expenses in millions year ending dec.  year ending dec.  interest expense on financial instruments measured at amortized cost thereof interest expense on lease liabilities interest expense on other provisions and nonfinancial liabilities net foreign exchange losses other financial expenses interest income from financial instruments measured at amortized cost mainly consists of interest income from bank deposits and loans calculated using the effective interest method .  interest incomeexpense from financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss mainly includes interest payments from investment funds as well as net interest payments from interest derivatives not being part of a hedging relationship.  unrealized gainslosses from fair value measurement of such financial assets are shown in other financial income or expenses

Score 0.493
see note other current financial assets other current financial assets consist of the following other current financial assets in millions dec.  dec.  currency options forward exchange contracts suppliers with debit balances security deposits receivables from credit cards and similar receivables customs receivables from retail business other investments deferred consideration of reebok sale sundry other current financial assets gross less accumulated allowances other current financial assets net further information about currency options and forward exchange contracts is contained in th ese note s.  see note to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t inventories inventories by major classification are as follows inventories in millions dec.  dec

Score 0.491
structure of statement of financial position in of total assets assets in millions cash and cash equivalents .  .  accounts receivable .  .  inventories

Score 0.489
to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t overview of selected subsequent measurement principles subsequent measurement principle assets cash and cash equivalents amortized cost cash and cash equivalents investments in certain money market funds fair value through profit or loss accounts receivable amortized cost inventories lower of cost and net realizable value property plant and equipment amortized cost rightofuse assets amortized cost goodwill impairmentonly approach intangible assets except goodwill with definite useful life amortized cost with indefinite useful life impairmentonly approach financial assets see separate table liabilities borrowings amortized cost accounts payable amortized cost liabilitiesprovisions for cashsettled sharebased payment arrangements fair value through profit or loss derivatives not used in hedge accounting fair value through profit or loss derivatives used in hedge accounting fair value through other comprehensive income other financial liabilities amortized cost provisions pensions projected unit credit method other provisions expected settlement amount accrued liabilities amortized cost lease liabilities amortized cost financial assets are classified and measured according to ifrs  .  all purchases and sales of financial assets with the exception of trade receivables are recognized on the trade date and initially measured at fair value.  at initial recognition trade receivables that do not have a significant financing component are measured at their transaction price.  subsequently a financial asset is measured at amortized cost fair value through other comprehensive income debt instrument fair value through other comprehensive income equity instrument or fair value through profit or loss.  a financial asset is measured at amortized cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated at fair value through profit or loss the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contra ctual cash flows business model hold to collect and the financial assets contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding

Score 0.486
for subsequent measurement financial liabilities are classified either as financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss or as financial liabilities measured at amortized cost.  financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include in particular d erivative financial instruments not designated as hedging instruments in hedging relationships in accordance with ifrs .  transaction costs that are directly attributable to the issue of financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value through pro fit or loss reduce the fair value of the financial liability on initial recognition.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t currency translation the consolidated financial statements are presented in euros which is also the parent companys functional currency.  for each entity the group determines the functional currency

Score 0.486
there is currently no intention to sell these shares.  other minority shareholdings include a decrease of the fair value in an amount of million in   million increase .  the line item other investments comprises investments that are mainly invested in insurance products which are measured at fair v alue and securities for longterm variable compensation components.  other investments include a decrease of the fair value in an amount of million in   million increase .  longterm financial assets in millions dec

Score 0.484
all financial assets which are not clas sified as measured at amortized cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income as described above are measured at fair value through profit or loss.  financial assets are only reclassified when the business model for managing financial assets is changed in which case all affected financial assets are reclassified.  the subsequent measurement of financial assets is as follows overview of financial asset subsequent measurement principles according to ifrs ifrs category subsequent measurement principle subsequent measurement fair value through profit or loss these assets are subsequently measured at fair value.  net gains and losses including any interest or dividend income are recognized in profit or loss.  fair value through profit or loss amortized cost these assets are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method

Score 0.484
additions dis posals gains losses gains losses transfers currency translation fair value dec.  investments in other equity instruments held for trading fahft investments in other equity instruments fvtpl investments in other equity instruments fvoci earnout components assets reconciliation of fair value hierarchy level in in millions realized unrealized fair value jan.  additions dis posals gains losses gains losses transfers currency translation fair value dec.  investments in other equity instruments held for trading fahft investments in other equity instruments fvtpl investments in other equity instruments fvoci promissory notes fvtpl earnout components assets due to the shortterm maturities of cash and cash equivalents shortterm financial assets and accounts receivable and payable as well as other current financial receivables and payables their respective fair values equal their carrying amount.  the fair values of noncurrent financial assets and liabilities are estimated by discounting expected future cash flows using current i nterest rates for debt of similar terms and remaining maturities and adjusted by a companyspecific credit risk premium or measured at market prices

Score 0.483
investments in other equity instruments held for trading fahft investments in other equity instruments fvtpl investments in other equity instruments fvoci promissory notes fvtpl earnout components assets due to the shortterm maturities of cash and cash equivalents shortterm financial assets and accounts receivable and payable as well as other current financial receivables and payables their respective fair values equal their carrying amount.  the fair values of noncurrent financial assets and liabilities are estimated by discounting expected future cash flows using current i nterest rates for debt of similar terms and remaining maturities and adjusted by a companyspecific credit risk premium or measured at market prices .  fair values of longterm financial assets are based on quoted market prices in an active market or are calculated as present values of expected future cash flows.  adidas designated certain investments as equity securities at fair value through other comprehensive income equity because the company intends to hold those investments for the long term in order to gain to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t insights into innovative production technologies and trends.  the designation of certain equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income equity is based on a strategic management decision

Score 0.481
this election is made on an investmentbyinvestment basis.  all financial assets which are not clas sified as measured at amortized cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income as described above are measured at fair value through profit or loss.  financial assets are only reclassified when the business model for managing financial assets is changed in which case all affected financial assets are reclassified.  the subsequent measurement of financial assets is as follows overview of financial asset subsequent measurement principles according to ifrs ifrs category subsequent measurement principle subsequent measurement fair value through profit or loss these assets are subsequently measured at fair value.  net gains and losses including any interest or dividend income are recognized in profit or loss

Score 0.481
.  forward exchange contracts security deposits earnout components sundry other noncurrent financial assets further information about forward exchange contracts is contained in th ese note s.  see note further information about earnout components is provided in these notes.  see note see note to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t other noncurrent assets other noncurrent assets consist of the following other noncurrent assets in millions dec.  dec

Score 0.48
p. a.  and is paid for the period from the disbursement of the purchase price portion to the settlement of the receivable by the debtor.  further information about credit risks is contained in th ese note s.  see note other current financial assets other current financial assets consist of the following other current financial assets in millions dec

Score 0.479
cost of materials depreciation and amortization thereof included within the cost of sales thereof included within personnel expenses impairment losses reversals of impairment losses wages and salaries social security contributions pension expenses personnel expenses expense relating to shortterm leases expense relating to leases of lowvalue assets expense relating to variable lease payments further information on expenses by function is provided in th ese note s.  see note to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t financial income financial expenses financial result consists of the following financial income in millions year ending dec.  year ending dec.  interest income from financial instruments measured at amortized cost interest income from nonfinancial assets other financial income financial expenses in millions year ending dec.  year ending dec

Score 0.479
investment in fc bayern münchen ag other equity investments other investments loans longterm financial assets other noncurrent financial assets other noncurrent financial assets consist of the following other noncurrent financial assets in millions dec.  .  dec.  .  forward exchange contracts security deposits earnout components sundry other noncurrent financial assets further information about forward exchange contracts is contained in th ese note s

Score 0.479
fixed assets .  .  rightofuse assets ifrs .  .  other assets

Score 0.479
the operating activities of our segments and the resulting cash inflows represent the companys main source of liquidity.  liquidity is planned on a rolling monthly basis under a mu ltiyear financial and liquidity plan .  treasury policy and responsibilities our treasury policy governs all treasuryrelated issues including banking policy and approval of bank relationships financing arrangements and liquidityasset management curren cy interest equity and commodity risk management and the management of intercompany cash flows.  responsibilities are arranged in a threetiered approach the treasury committee consists of members of the executive board and other senior executives who decide on the treasury policy and provide strategic guidance for managing treasuryrelated topics.  major changes to our treasury policy are subject to the prior approval of the treasury committee

Score 0.479
in the uk the plan assets are held in an external trust.  in principle t he investment strategy is aligned with the structure of the pension obligations in these countries.  in the rest of the world the plan assets consist predominantly of insurance contracts.  the expected total employer contributions for the financial year amount to million.  thereof million relate s to benefits directly paid to pensioners by the subsidiaries and million to employer contributions paid into the plan assets

Score 0.478
accounts payable .  .  longterm borrowings .  .  other liabilities

Score 0.478
dec.  accounts receivable and inventories of reportable segments accounts receivable and inventories of other businesses accounts receivable and inventories of hq current financial assets other current assets noncurrent assets total liabilities in millions dec.  dec.  accounts payable of reportable segments accounts payable of other businesses accounts payable of hq current financial liabilities other current liabilities noncurrent liabilities total geographical information net sales third parties are shown in the geographic market in which the net sales are realized.  noncurrent assets are allocated to the geographic market based on the domicile of the respective subsidiary independent of the segmental structure and consist of tangible assets goodwill tradema rks other intangible assets rightofuse assets and other noncurrent assets

Score 0.477
this includes payments to settle obligations from borrowings as well as cash outflows from cashsettled derivatives with negative market values.  financial liabilities that may be settled in advance without penalty are included on the basis of the earliest date of potential repayment.  cash flows for variableinterest liabilities are determined with reference to the conditions at the balance sheet date.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t future cash outflows in millions up to year up to years up to years up to years up to years more than years total as at december bank borrowings eurobond equityneutral convertible bond accounts payable other financial liabilities accrued liabilities derivative financial liabilities total as at december bank borrowings eurobond equityneutral convertible bond accounts payable other financial liabilities accrued liabilities derivative financial liabilities total including interest payments.  accrued interest excluded

Score 0.477
financial assets are only reclassified when the business model for managing financial assets is changed in which case all affected financial assets are reclassified.  the subsequent measurement of financial assets is as follows overview of financial asset subsequent measurement principles according to ifrs ifrs category subsequent measurement principle subsequent measurement fair value through profit or loss these assets are subsequently measured at fair value.  net gains and losses including any interest or dividend income are recognized in profit or loss.  fair value through profit or loss amortized cost these assets are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method.  the amortized cost is reduced by impairment losses

Score 0.476
longterm borrowings bank borrowings amortized cost eurobond amortized cost noncurrent accrued liabilities amortized cost other noncurrent financial liabilities derivatives used in hedge accounting n. a.  lease liabilities n. a.  financial liabilities per level thereof aggregated by category according to ifrs financial assets at fair value through profit or loss fvtpl financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income fvoci thereof equity investments without recycling to profit and loss financial assets at amortized cost ac financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss fvtpl financial liabilities at amortized cost ac level is based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities

Score 0.475
we conducted our assurance engagement in accordance with international standard on assurance engagements isae revised assurance engagements other than audits or reviews of historical financia l information issued by the iaasb.  this standard requires that we plan and perform the assurance engagement to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the sections denoted with in the combined nonfinancial statement for the period from january to december other than the external sources of documentation or expert opinions mentioned in the combined nonfinancial statement have been prepared in all material respects in accordance with c in conjunction with c to e hgb and obtain limited assurance about whether any matters have come to our attention that cause us to believe that the sections denoted with in the companys combined nonfinancial statement for the period from january to december other than the exter nal sources of documentation or expert opinions mentioned in the combined nonfinancial statement are not prepared in all material respects in accordance with c in conjunction with c to e hgb and the eu taxonomy regulation and the delegated acts issued thereunder as well as the interpretation by the executive directors disclosed in section eu taxonomy of the combined nonfinancial statement.  the procedures performed for the limited assurance engagement part are less extensive than those performed for the reasonable assurance engagement part and accordingly a substantially lower level of assurance is obtained.  the selection of the assurance procedures is subject to the professional judgement of the assurance practitioner.  in the course of ou r assurance engagement we have amongst other things performed the following assurance procedures and other activities to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t gain an understanding of the structure of the sustainability organisation and stakeholder engagement inquiries of the executive direc tors and relevant employees involved in the preparation of the combined nonfinancial statement about the preparation process about the internal control system relating to this process and about disclosures in the combined nonfinancial statement identifi cation of likely risks of material misstatement in the combined nonfinancial statement analytical procedures on selected disclosures in the combined nonfinancial statement reconciliation of selected disclosures with the corresponding data in the consolid ated financial statements and group management report evaluation of the presentation of the combined nonfinancial statement evaluation of the process to identify taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned economic activities and the corresponding disclosures in the combined nonfinancial statement inquiries on the relevance of climaterisks in the course of our reasonable assurance engagement part on the sections denoted with in the combined nonfinancial statement we have performed the following assuran ce procedures and other activities in addition to those described above identification of likely risks of material misstatement in the combined nonfinancial statement evaluation of the internal control system in relation to the subject matter audit of pr ocesses for collecting controlling analysing and aggregating selected data from various locations on a test basis analytical assessment of selected disclosures in the combined nonfinancial statement in determining the disclosures in accordance with art icle of the eu taxonomy regulation the executive directors are required to interpret undefined legal terms

Score 0.475
at initial recognition an entity may make an irrevocable election to present in other comprehensive income subsequent changes in the fair value of an investment in an equity instrument that is neither held for trading nor a contingent consideration acquired by a purchaser in a business combination.  this election is made on an investmentbyinvestment basis.  all financial assets which are not clas sified as measured at amortized cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income as described above are measured at fair value through profit or loss.  financial assets are only reclassified when the business model for managing financial assets is changed in which case all affected financial assets are reclassified.  the subsequent measurement of financial assets is as follows overview of financial asset subsequent measurement principles according to ifrs ifrs category subsequent measurement principle subsequent measurement fair value through profit or loss these assets are subsequently measured at fair value

Score 0.474
year ending dec.  interest income from financial instruments measured at amortized cost interest income from nonfinancial assets other financial income financial expenses in millions year ending dec.  year ending dec.  interest expense on financial instruments measured at amortized cost thereof interest expense on lease liabilities interest expense on other provisions and nonfinancial liabilities net foreign exchange losses other financial expenses interest income from financial instruments measured at amortized cost mainly consists of interest income from bank deposits and loans calculated using the effective interest method .  interest incomeexpense from financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss mainly includes interest payments from investment funds as well as net interest payments from interest derivatives not being part of a hedging relationship

Score 0.474
in this regard the standardization and consolidation of our global cash management and payment processes including automated domestic and crossborder cash pool s are a key priority for our centrally managed treasury department.  in addition the department is responsible for e ffective management of our currency exposure and interest rate risks .  see note   to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t standard covenants in the case of our committed credit facilities we have entered into various legal covenants.  these legal covenants may include limits on the disposal of fixed assets the amount of debt secured by liens cro ssdefault provisions and change of control.  however our financial arrangements do not contain any financial covenants

Score 0.474
adidas mainly has security deposits and receivables from credit card companies and electronic marketplaces that fall under this category.  other financial assets that give rise to cash flows consisting only of payments of principal and interest and that are assigned to the business model hold to collect and sell are measured at fair value through oci.  this category mainly includes other investments and securities to hedge longterm variable compensation compon ents.  other financial assets which are neither within the business model hold to collect nor within hold to collect and sell are measured at fair value through profit or loss.  this category mainly includes secured promissory notes and earnout compon ents

Score 0.473
accounts receivable and inventories of reportable segments accounts receivable and inventories of other businesses accounts receivable and inventories of hq current financial assets other current assets noncurrent assets total liabilities in millions dec.  dec.  accounts payable of reportable segments accounts payable of other businesses accounts payable of hq current financial liabilities other current liabilities noncurrent liabilities total geographical information net sales third parties are shown in the geographic market in which the net sales are realized.  noncurrent assets are allocated to the geographic market based on the domicile of the respective subsidiary independent of the segmental structure and consist of tangible assets goodwill tradema rks other intangible assets rightofuse assets and other noncurrent assets.  geographical information by market in millions net sales third parties noncurrent assets year ending dec

Score 0.473
dec.  .  forward exchange contracts security deposits earnout components sundry other noncurrent financial assets further information about forward exchange contracts is contained in th ese note s.  see note further information about earnout components is provided in these notes.  see note see note to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t other noncurrent assets other noncurrent assets consist of the following other noncurrent assets in millions dec

Score 0.472
this category mainly includes secured promissory notes and earnout compon ents.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t longterm financial assets longterm financial assets are distinguished between debt and equity instruments and classified according to ifrs as follows debt instruments are measured depending on the companys business model for managing financia l assets and the contractual cash flows.  only financial assets that are held within the business model hold to collect with the objective to collect the contractual cash flows which represent solely payments of principal and interest on the principal am ount outstanding on a specific date are measured at amortized cost.  adidas classifies certain loans within this category.  all other financial assets which do not fulfill one of these criteria are measured at fair value through profit or loss

Score 0.472
banking partners of the company and our subsidiaries are required to have at least a bbb longterm investment grade rating by standard poor s or an equivalent rating by another leading rating agency.  we authorize our companies to work with banks with a lower rating only in very exceptional cases.  to ensure optimal allocation of the companys liquid financial resources subsidiaries transfer ex cess cash to our headquarters in all instances where it is legally and economically feasible.  in this regard the standardization and consolidation of our global cash management and payment processes including automated domestic and crossborder cash pool s are a key priority for our centrally managed treasury department.  in addition the department is responsible for e ffective management of our currency exposure and interest rate risks

Score 0.472
those other financial assets that give rise to cash flows consisting only of payments of principal and interest and that are assigned to the business model hold t o collect are measured at amortized cost.  adidas mainly has security deposits and receivables from credit card companies and electronic marketplaces that fall under this category.  other financial assets that give rise to cash flows consisting only of payments of principal and interest and that are assigned to the business model hold to collect and sell are measured at fair value through oci.  this category mainly includes other investments and securities to hedge longterm variable compensation compon ents.  other financial assets which are neither within the business model hold to collect nor within hold to collect and sell are measured at fair value through profit or loss

Score 0.472
in the rest of the world the plan assets consist predominantly of insurance contracts.  the expected total employer contributions for the financial year amount to million.  thereof million relate s to benefits directly paid to pensioners by the subsidiaries and million to employer contributions paid into the plan assets.  in the actual return on plan assets including interest income was million loss of million.  composition of plan assets in millions dec

Score 0.471
the subsequent measurement of financial assets is as follows overview of financial asset subsequent measurement principles according to ifrs ifrs category subsequent measurement principle subsequent measurement fair value through profit or loss these assets are subsequently measured at fair value.  net gains and losses including any interest or dividend income are recognized in profit or loss.  fair value through profit or loss amortized cost these assets are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method.  the amortized cost is reduced by impairment losses.  interest income foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment losses are recognized in profit or loss

Score 0.47
a.  and is paid for the period from the disbursement of the purchase price portion to the settlement of the receivable by the debtor.  further information about credit risks is contained in th ese note s.  see note other current financial assets other current financial assets consist of the following other current financial assets in millions dec.  dec

Score 0.47
further details on future cash outflows are provided in these notes .  see note to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t other current financial liabilities other current financial liabilities consist of the following other current financial liabilities in millions dec.  dec.  forward exchange contracts customer with credit balances revaluation of total return swap embedded derivatives sundry other current financial liabilities since the financial year the change in the fair value of the total return swap is presented together with the origina l investment as one unit of account within other current financial assets respectively longterm financial assets.  the change in the fair value of the total return swap is shown in the note financial instruments

Score 0.47
.  longterm borrowings .  .  other liabilities .

Score 0.468
inventories .  .  fixed assets .  .  rightofuse assets ifrs

Score 0.468
year ending dec.  interest expense on financial instruments measured at amortized cost thereof interest expense on lease liabilities interest expense on other provisions and nonfinancial liabilities net foreign exchange losses other financial expenses interest income from financial instruments measured at amortized cost mainly consists of interest income from bank deposits and loans calculated using the effective interest method .  interest incomeexpense from financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss mainly includes interest payments from investment funds as well as net interest payments from interest derivatives not being part of a hedging relationship.  unrealized gainslosses from fair value measurement of such financial assets are shown in other financial income or expenses.  interest expense on financial instruments measured at amortized cost mainly includes interest on lease liabilities as well as interest on borrowings calculated using the effective interest method

Score 0.468
responsibility of the assurance practitioner our responsibility is to express a conclusion with reasonable assurance on the sections of the combined nonfinancial statement denoted with and a conclusion with limited assurance on the sections of the combined nonfinancial statement denoted with based on the assurance procedures we have performed.  we conducted our assurance engagement in accordance with international standard on assurance engagements isae revised assurance engagements other than audits or reviews of historical financia l information issued by the iaasb.  this standard requires that we plan and perform the assurance engagement to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the sections denoted with in the combined nonfinancial statement for the period from january to december other than the external sources of documentation or expert opinions mentioned in the combined nonfinancial statement have been prepared in all material respects in accordance with c in conjunction with c to e hgb and obtain limited assurance about whether any matters have come to our attention that cause us to believe that the sections denoted with in the companys combined nonfinancial statement for the period from january to december other than the exter nal sources of documentation or expert opinions mentioned in the combined nonfinancial statement are not prepared in all material respects in accordance with c in conjunction with c to e hgb and the eu taxonomy regulation and the delegated acts issued thereunder as well as the interpretation by the executive directors disclosed in section eu taxonomy of the combined nonfinancial statement.  the procedures performed for the limited assurance engagement part are less extensive than those performed for the reasonable assurance engagement part and accordingly a substantially lower level of assurance is obtained.  the selection of the assurance procedures is subject to the professional judgement of the assurance practitioner

Score 0.467
forward exchange contracts security deposits earnout components sundry other noncurrent financial assets further information about forward exchange contracts is contained in th ese note s.  see note further information about earnout components is provided in these notes.  see note see note to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t other noncurrent assets other noncurrent assets consist of the following other noncurrent assets in millions dec.  dec.  prepaid expenses sundry other noncurrent assets prepaid expenses mainly relate to longterm promotion contracts

Score 0.467
.  accounts receivable .  .  inventories .

Score 0.467
principles of measurement the following table includes an overview of selected subsequent measurement principles used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t overview of selected subsequent measurement principles subsequent measurement principle assets cash and cash equivalents amortized cost cash and cash equivalents investments in certain money market funds fair value through profit or loss accounts receivable amortized cost inventories lower of cost and net realizable value property plant and equipment amortized cost rightofuse assets amortized cost goodwill impairmentonly approach intangible assets except goodwill with definite useful life amortized cost with indefinite useful life impairmentonly approach financial assets see separate table liabilities borrowings amortized cost accounts payable amortized cost liabilitiesprovisions for cashsettled sharebased payment arrangements fair value through profit or loss derivatives not used in hedge accounting fair value through profit or loss derivatives used in hedge accounting fair value through other comprehensive income other financial liabilities amortized cost provisions pensions projected unit credit method other provisions expected settlement amount accrued liabilities amortized cost lease liabilities amortized cost financial assets are classified and measured according to ifrs  .  all purchases and sales of financial assets with the exception of trade receivables are recognized on the trade date and initially measured at fair value.  at initial recognition trade receivables that do not have a significant financing component are measured at their transaction price.  subsequently a financial asset is measured at amortized cost fair value through other comprehensive income debt instrument fair value through other comprehensive income equity instrument or fair value through profit or loss

Score 0.466
financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include in particular d erivative financial instruments not designated as hedging instruments in hedging relationships in accordance with ifrs .  transaction costs that are directly attributable to the issue of financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value through pro fit or loss reduce the fair value of the financial liability on initial recognition.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t currency translation the consolidated financial statements are presented in euros which is also the parent companys functional currency.  for each entity the group determines the functional currency.  transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded in the respective functional currency by applying the spot exchange rate valid at the transaction date to the foreign currency amount

Score 0.466
e.  the companys aggregated risk position considering interdependencies of individual risks and opportunities.  to identify a potential threat to the company as a going concern we compare the risk and opportunity portfolio to the companys defined risk capacity and determine the likelihood that the aggregated risk exceeds the risk capacity to identify a potential threat to the companys rating we compare the risk and opportunity portfolio to the defined risk appetite and determine the likelihood that the aggr egated risk exceeds the risk appetite.  risk and opportunity handling risks and opportunities are treated in accordance with the companys risk and opportunity management principles as described in the enterprise risk management policy.  risk owners are in charge of developing and implementing appropriate riskmitigating action within their area of responsibility

Score 0.466
sundry accrued liabilities include accruals for interest.  other current li abilities other current liabilities consist of the following other current liabilities in millions dec.  dec.  tax liabilities other than income taxes liabilities due to personnel liabilities due to social security deferred income contract liabilities donation pledge sundry other current liabilities in the line item sundry mainly relates to marketing expenses.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t other noncurrent financial liabilities other noncurrent financial liabilities consist of the following other noncurrent financial liabilities in millions dec

Score 0.466
to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t reconciliation of fair value hierarchy level in in millions realized unrealized fair value jan.  additions dis posals gains losses gains losses transfers currency translation fair value dec.  investments in other equity instruments held for trading fahft investments in other equity instruments fvtpl investments in other equity instruments fvoci earnout components assets reconciliation of fair value hierarchy level in in millions realized unrealized fair value jan.  additions dis posals gains losses gains losses transfers currency translation fair value dec.  investments in other equity instruments held for trading fahft investments in other equity instruments fvtpl investments in other equity instruments fvoci promissory notes fvtpl earnout components assets due to the shortterm maturities of cash and cash equivalents shortterm financial assets and accounts receivable and payable as well as other current financial receivables and payables their respective fair values equal their carrying amount

Score 0.464
cash equivalents can partly include investments in money market funds.  classification and measurement under ifrs   are perfo rmed based on the company s business model for managing these financial assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics.  investments in money market funds contain cash flows other than those of principal and interest on principal.  as a result those i nvestments are measured at fair value through profit or loss.  accounts receivable a receivable is recognized if an amount of consideration that is unconditional is due from the customer i

Score 0.463
to identify a potential threat to the company as a going concern we compare the risk and opportunity portfolio to the companys defined risk capacity and determine the likelihood that the aggregated risk exceeds the risk capacity to identify a potential threat to the companys rating we compare the risk and opportunity portfolio to the defined risk appetite and determine the likelihood that the aggr egated risk exceeds the risk appetite.  risk and opportunity handling risks and opportunities are treated in accordance with the companys risk and opportunity management principles as described in the enterprise risk management policy.  risk owners are in charge of developing and implementing appropriate riskmitigating action within their area of responsibility.  in addition the risk owners need to determine a general riskhandling strategy for the identified risks which is either risk avoidance risk re duction with the objective to lower impact or likelihood risk transfer to a third party or risk acceptance.  the decision on the implementation of the respective riskhandling strategy also takes into account the costs in relation to the benefit of any pla nned mitigating action if applicable

Score 0.462
year ending dec.  financial assets classified at amortized cost ac financial assets at fair value through profit or loss fvtpl thereof designated as such upon initial recognition thereof classified as held for trading equity instruments at fair value through profit or loss fvtpl equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income fvoci financial liabilities at amortized cost ac financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss fvtpl thereof designated as such upon initial recognition thereof classified as held for trading net gains or losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost comprise mainly impairment losses and reversals.  net gains or losses on financial assets or financial liabilities classified as fair value through profit or loss include the effects from fair value measurements of the derivatives that are not part of a hedging relationship and changes in the fair value of other financial instruments as well as interest expenses.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t net gains or losses on equity instruments at fair value through profit or loss mainly include fair value adjustments based on the respective valuation method.  see table financial instruments level measured at fair value during no dividends regarding equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income were recognized

Score 0.462
financial expenses .  income before taxes .  of net sales .  .

Score 0.462
in the actual return on plan assets including interest income was million loss of million.  composition of plan assets in millions dec.  dec.  cash and cash equivalents equity instruments bonds real estate pension plan reinsurance investment funds other assets fair value of plan assets all equities and bonds are traded freely and have a quoted market price in an active market.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t at each balance sheet date the company analyzes the over or underfunding and where appropriate adjusts the composition of plan assets

Score 0.46
interest expense on financial instruments measured at amortized cost thereof interest expense on lease liabilities interest expense on other provisions and nonfinancial liabilities net foreign exchange losses other financial expenses interest income from financial instruments measured at amortized cost mainly consists of interest income from bank deposits and loans calculated using the effective interest method .  interest incomeexpense from financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss mainly includes interest payments from investment funds as well as net interest payments from interest derivatives not being part of a hedging relationship.  unrealized gainslosses from fair value measurement of such financial assets are shown in other financial income or expenses.  interest expense on financial instruments measured at amortized cost mainly includes interest on lease liabilities as well as interest on borrowings calculated using the effective interest method .  interest expense on other provisions and nonfinancial liabilities in particular include effects from the measurement of other provisions at present value and interest on nonfinancial liabilities such as tax payables

Score 0.458
a t initial recognition directly attributable transaction costs are assigned to the equity and liability component pro rata on the basis of the respective carrying amounts.  provisions and accrued liabilities provisions are recognized when there is a present obligation legal or constructive to third parties that has been incurred as a result of a past event when the amount of the obligation can be estimated reliably and when it is probable that there will be an outflow of resources.  in general all provisi ons are uncertain as to their maturity or amount .  the expense relating to a provision is presented in the consolidated income statement.  noncurrent provisions are discounted if the effect of the time value of money is material with the interest expense b eing reported as financial expenses

Score 0.458
.  dec.  .  forward exchange contracts security deposits earnout components sundry other noncurrent financial assets further information about forward exchange contracts is contained in th ese note s.  see note further information about earnout components is provided in these notes

Score 0.458
see note see note structure of statement of financial position in of total liabilities and equity liabilities and equity in millions shortterm borrowings .  .  accounts payable .  .  longterm borrowings

Score 0.458
the company determines fair values taking the counterparty risk into consideration.  cash and cash equivalents cash and cash equi valents represent cash at banks cash on hand and shortterm deposits with maturities of three months or less from the date of acquisition such as commercial papers and investments in money market funds.  cash equivalents are shortterm highly liquid inv estments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.  cash equivalents can partly include investments in money market funds.  classification and measurement under ifrs   are perfo rmed based on the company s business model for managing these financial assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics

Score 0.458
for each entity the group determines the functional currency.  transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded in the respective functional currency by applying the spot exchange rate valid at the transaction date to the foreign currency amount.  in the individual financia l statements of subsidiaries monetary items denominated in nonfunctional currencies of the subsidiaries are generally translated into the functional currency at closing exchange rates at the balance sheet date.  the resulting currency gains and losses are recognized directly in profit or loss.  this excludes monetary items that are designated as part of the hedge of the groups net investment in a foreign operation

Score 0.458
the companys aggregated risk position considering interdependencies of individual risks and opportunities.  to identify a potential threat to the company as a going concern we compare the risk and opportunity portfolio to the companys defined risk capacity and determine the likelihood that the aggregated risk exceeds the risk capacity to identify a potential threat to the companys rating we compare the risk and opportunity portfolio to the defined risk appetite and determine the likelihood that the aggr egated risk exceeds the risk appetite.  risk and opportunity handling risks and opportunities are treated in accordance with the companys risk and opportunity management principles as described in the enterprise risk management policy.  risk owners are in charge of developing and implementing appropriate riskmitigating action within their area of responsibility.  in addition the risk owners need to determine a general riskhandling strategy for the identified risks which is either risk avoidance risk re duction with the objective to lower impact or likelihood risk transfer to a third party or risk acceptance

Score 0.458
see note pensions and similar obligations provisions and expenses for pensions and similar obligations relate to the companys obligations for defined benefit and defined contribution plans.  the obligations under defined benefit plans are determined separately for each plan b y valuing the employee benefits accrued in return for their service during the current and prior periods.  these benefit accruals are discounted to calculate their present value and the to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t fair value of any plan assets is deducted in order to determine the ne t liability.  the discount rate is set on the basis of yields of highquality fixedrate corporate bonds at the balance sheet date provided there is a deep market for such corporate bonds in a given currency.  otherwise government bond yields are used as a reference

Score 0.457
accounts receivable that do not contain a significant financing component are recognized at the transaction price which represents the amount of consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a customer excluding amounts collected on behalf of third parties.  subsequently these are measured at amortized cost.  other financial assets other financial assets are classified and measured under ifrs   based on the compa nys business model for managing these assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics.  those other financial assets that give rise to cash flows consisting only of payments of principal and interest and that are assigned to the business model hold t o collect are measured at amortized cost.  adidas mainly has security deposits and receivables from credit card companies and electronic marketplaces that fall under this category