Scores_c_MANUFACTURINGScore 0.592
g.  through recycling or reuse.  we have developed waste management guidelines to help our suppliers improve waste segregation in manufacturing prioritizing recyclin g and reuse of nonhazardous waste.  these guidelines specify that the nonrecyclable waste materials should not be directly landfilled.  we developed a waste diversion program to use nonrecyclable manufacturing waste in energy production in collaboration w ith coprocessing partners in our major sourcing countries

Score 0.573
.  values reported cover production seasons ss and fw.  within scope purchased goods and services considers the produc tion and processing of raw materials for which impacts are estimated based on quantities of materials and lifecycle analysis data.  all key production processes are considered.  primary secondary and tertiary packaging material quantities are included

Score 0.557
values reported cover production seasons ss and fw.  within scope purchased goods and services considers the produc tion and processing of raw materials for which impacts are estimated based on quantities of materials and lifecycle analysis data.  all key production processes are considered.  primary secondary and tertiary packaging material quantities are included.  the quantities are estimated based on sales volumes usin g composition and weight assumptions from the product environmental footprint category rules pefcr

Score 0.548
to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t waste management we make continuous efforts toward optimizing waste diversion acro ss our supply chain with the aim of increasing the value of waste within the life cycle e. g.  through recycling or reuse.  we have developed waste management guidelines to help our suppliers improve waste segregation in manufacturing prioritizing recyclin g and reuse of nonhazardous waste.  these guidelines specify that the nonrecyclable waste materials should not be directly landfilled

Score 0.546
through recycling or reuse.  we have developed waste management guidelines to help our suppliers improve waste segregation in manufacturing prioritizing recyclin g and reuse of nonhazardous waste.  these guidelines specify that the nonrecyclable waste materials should not be directly landfilled.  we developed a waste diversion program to use nonrecyclable manufacturing waste in energy production in collaboration w ith coprocessing partners in our major sourcing countries.  coprocessing is a proven and sustainable solution that can reduce pollution reduce consumption of natural resources reduce landfill space and ultimately contribute to a smaller carbon footprin t

Score 0.538
progress toward target as previously defined was that of suppliers used at least level chemicals .  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t waste management we make continuous efforts toward optimizing waste diversion acro ss our supply chain with the aim of increasing the value of waste within the life cycle e. g.  through recycling or reuse.  we have developed waste management guidelines to help our suppliers improve waste segregation in manufacturing prioritizing recyclin g and reuse of nonhazardous waste

Score 0.537
within scope purchased goods and services considers the produc tion and processing of raw materials for which impacts are estimated based on quantities of materials and lifecycle analysis data.  all key production processes are considered.  primary secondary and tertiary packaging material quantities are included.  the quantities are estimated based on sales volumes usin g composition and weight assumptions from the product environmental footprint category rules pefcr.  furthermore purchased goods and services also considers the assembly phase for which impacts are estimated by applying emission factors to reported en ergy consumption from tier strategic suppliers

Score 0.529
determination of taxonomyeligible activities the core team reviewed the new delegated acts to the taxonomy regulation as they became available and analyzed the impact on the disclosure requirements compared to to ensure accuracy and completeness of our reporting.  as mentioned above while the re porting requirement covers all six environmental objectives since the beginning of the main economic activities of our business model remain out of scope and we consequently have no turnovergenerating taxonomyeligible activities to report on.  as a result the following eligible economic activities have been identified for .  transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles including company car leases .  installation maintenance and repair of energyefficient equ ipment e

Score 0.513
we have developed waste management guidelines to help our suppliers improve waste segregation in manufacturing prioritizing recyclin g and reuse of nonhazardous waste.  these guidelines specify that the nonrecyclable waste materials should not be directly landfilled.  we developed a waste diversion program to use nonrecyclable manufacturing waste in energy production in collaboration w ith coprocessing partners in our major sourcing countries.  coprocessing is a proven and sustainable solution that can reduce pollution reduce consumption of natural resources reduce landfill space and ultimately contribute to a smaller carbon footprin t.  to further optimize waste diversion we have scaled up this solution across the globe especially in sourcing countries with immature coprocessing infrastructure

Score 0.512
no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process he at including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy as well as their safety upgrades.  no fossil gasrelated activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction refurbishment and operation of combined heatcool and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction refurbishment and operation of heat generation facilities that produce heatcool using fossil gaseous fuels.  no to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t glossary a accessories and gear a product category that comprises equipment that is used rather than worn by the consumer such as bags balls sunglasses or fitness equipment

Score 0.509
taxonomy noneligible activities opex of taxonomy noneligible activities total y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objecti ve nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  ccm climate change mitigation cca climate change adaptation wtr water and marine resources ppc pollution prevention and control ce circular econo my bio biodiversity and ecosystems.  el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  proportion of opextotal opex taxonomyaligned per objective taxonomyeligible per objective ccm cca wtr ce ppc bio to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t nuclear and fossil gasrelated activities nuclear energyrelated activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to research development demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production as well as their safety upgrades using best available technologies

Score 0.505
as a result the following eligible economic activities have been identified for .  transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles including company car leases .  installation maintenance and repair of energyefficient equ ipment e. g.  led lighting in retail stores

Score 0.497
as mentioned above while the re porting requirement covers all six environmental objectives since the beginning of the main economic activities of our business model remain out of scope and we consequently have no turnovergenerating taxonomyeligible activities to report on.  as a result the following eligible economic activities have been identified for .  transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles including company car leases .  installation maintenance and repair of energyefficient equ ipment e. g

Score 0.496
eu taxonomy in the eu introduced regulation eu to establish the eu taxonomy framework taxonomy.  the purpose of the taxonomy is to provide a common language and a clear definition of what is considered sustainable to direct investments toward sus tainable economic activities.  the taxonomy will thereby support the eus climate energy and european green deal targets.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t the taxonomy is a classification system for environmentally sustainable economic activities.  an economic activity is considered t axonomyeligible if it is described in one of the delegated acts of the taxonomy and has the potential to support the achieve ment of at least one of the following six environmental objectives climate change mitigation climate change adaptation sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems

Score 0.493
an economic activity is considered t axonomyeligible if it is described in one of the delegated acts of the taxonomy and has the potential to support the achieve ment of at least one of the following six environmental objectives climate change mitigation climate change adaptation sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems.  for an activity to be considered and reported as environmentally su stainable i. e.  taxonomyaligned the following three prerequisites must be fulfilled substantial contribution the activity makes a substantial contribution to one of the environmental objectives by meeting the technical screening criteria defined for this economic activity .  do no significant harm dnsh by fulfilling further criteria it can be demonstrated that the activity does not do significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives

Score 0.491
the taxonomy will thereby support the eus climate energy and european green deal targets.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t the taxonomy is a classification system for environmentally sustainable economic activities.  an economic activity is considered t axonomyeligible if it is described in one of the delegated acts of the taxonomy and has the potential to support the achieve ment of at least one of the following six environmental objectives climate change mitigation climate change adaptation sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems.  for an activity to be considered and reported as environmentally su stainable i. e

Score 0.49
no standardized filing indicates a factory does not keep relevant informationdocuments and records that demonstrate compliance with laws an d regulations.  health and safety fire electrical as well as machine and ladder safety are critical areas for existing manufactur ing facilities and together they accounted for almost of the noncompliance identified in .  the way chemicals were stored and used including the handling of hazardous chemicals accounted for of noncompliance findings reported.  a further o f the findings related to management systems policies and procedures and specifically a lack of compliance with our workplace standards and expectation for effective occupational health and safety systems including the recruitment and retention of qual ified safety staff.  shortcomings in the area of health and safety identified during audits in other includes for example material storage housekeeping or waste management

Score 0.489
to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t the taxonomy is a classification system for environmentally sustainable economic activities.  an economic activity is considered t axonomyeligible if it is described in one of the delegated acts of the taxonomy and has the potential to support the achieve ment of at least one of the following six environmental objectives climate change mitigation climate change adaptation sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems.  for an activity to be considered and reported as environmentally su stainable i. e.  taxonomyaligned the following three prerequisites must be fulfilled substantial contribution the activity makes a substantial contribution to one of the environmental objectives by meeting the technical screening criteria defined for this economic activity

Score 0.481
no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production as well as their safety upgrades using best available technologies.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process he at including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy as well as their safety upgrades.  no fossil gasrelated activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction refurbishment and operation of combined heatcool and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction refurbishment and operation of heat generation facilities that produce heatcool using fossil gaseous fuels

Score 0.478
licensed articles are excluded.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t critical to this success was the progressive evolution of foundational capabilities to create more transparency and higher accuracy for material and product data.  this required investment s into our it infrastructure and now enables automated measurement of sustainable components for each of our articles.  progress toward this target was successfully verified by a third party for the second consecutive year under the most reliable form of auditing reasonable assurance increasing awareness across the entire company and support ing our system readiness for future requirements.  the most commonly used materials are listed in the followin g table

Score 0.478
hence the taxonomyeligible activities have been assessed according to the substantial contribution and dnsh criteria as laid out in annex i to the delegated regulation eu .  since the identified taxonomyeligible activities relate to the purchase of output from potentially taxonomyaligned activities performing the taxonomy assessment was dependent on the input of the relevant information from the respective thirdparty suppliers.  due to the expected time and resource investment necessary for assessing all individual projects and items contributing to the eligible activities we prioritized the assessment of those individual activities that were most material in terms of value andor were more likely to be taxonomyaligned due to the availability of the necessary information.  eligible building leases relate to warehousesdistribution centers own retail stores and corporate offices.  the applicable substantial contribution and dnsh criteria as set out in section

Score 0.475
as a result the percentages shown indicate the systemic shortcomings of active facilities where corrective action is required to reduce potential risks rather than the confirmed pre sence of a specific case of noncompliance or breach which requires remediation.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t shortcomings in the area of labor identified during audits in other includes for example overtimeholiday rate and other benefitsallowances.  no standardized filing indicates a factory does not keep relevant informationdocuments and records that demonstrate compliance with laws an d regulations.  health and safety fire electrical as well as machine and ladder safety are critical areas for existing manufactur ing facilities and together they accounted for almost of the noncompliance identified in .  the way chemicals were stored and used including the handling of hazardous chemicals accounted for of noncompliance findings reported

Score 0.474
target was revised for clarity in .  progress toward target as previously defined was that of suppliers used at least level chemicals .  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t waste management we make continuous efforts toward optimizing waste diversion acro ss our supply chain with the aim of increasing the value of waste within the life cycle e. g.  through recycling or reuse

Score 0.474
health and safety fire electrical as well as machine and ladder safety are critical areas for existing manufactur ing facilities and together they accounted for almost of the noncompliance identified in .  the way chemicals were stored and used including the handling of hazardous chemicals accounted for of noncompliance findings reported.  a further o f the findings related to management systems policies and procedures and specifically a lack of compliance with our workplace standards and expectation for effective occupational health and safety systems including the recruitment and retention of qual ified safety staff.  shortcomings in the area of health and safety identified during audits in other includes for example material storage housekeeping or waste management.  remediation of shortcomings we follow up on all cases of noncompliance and require our manufacturing partners to remediate open issues within a specified timeframe

Score 0.472
all key production processes are considered.  primary secondary and tertiary packaging material quantities are included.  the quantities are estimated based on sales volumes usin g composition and weight assumptions from the product environmental footprint category rules pefcr.  furthermore purchased goods and services also considers the assembly phase for which impacts are estimated by applying emission factors to reported en ergy consumption from tier strategic suppliers.  sourcing volume data is used to estimate the impact of nonstrategic suppliers

Score 0.471
for an activity to be considered and reported as environmentally su stainable i. e.  taxonomyaligned the following three prerequisites must be fulfilled substantial contribution the activity makes a substantial contribution to one of the environmental objectives by meeting the technical screening criteria defined for this economic activity .  do no significant harm dnsh by fulfilling further criteria it can be demonstrated that the activity does not do significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives .  minimum safeguards the company perform ing the activity must have implemented and adhere to minimum safeguards relating to human rights including labor rights bribery corruption taxation and fair competition

Score 0.47
assessing compliance with al l these criteria requires the involvement and input of various suppliers.  as a result not all information was available for a complete and conclusive assessment as required by the regulation.  we therefore assessed the eligible car leases as not taxonomyaligned.    for the remaining eligible activities under section .  an assessment of the taxonomy alignment against the respective criteria laid out in annex i of the delegated regulation was conducted in a structured manner as far as this was possible with reasonable effort

Score 0.468
use of sold products emissions caused by washing drying and ironing of sold products throughout their lifetime based on data on average care cycles from pefcr and lifecycle analysis datasets.  endoflife treatment of old products emissions caused by disposal of sold products are estimated based on sales volumes and typic al waste disposal routes e. g.  landfill and incineration.  scope and im pacts are calculated based on of reported environmental quantities primary data in the health and safety environment and energy hsee own operations data collection systems and by estimations

Score 0.467
the main tasks of the team were to educate the functional and subjectmatter experts mainly from the accounting controlling hr workplaces supply chain and retail teams on the reporting requirements with particular focus on taxonomy alignment criteria   define orchestrate and lead a structured process to collect all taxonomyrelevant information from the subjectmatter experts analyze and verify reported information in terms of taxonomy relevance accuracy and completeness and ensure that all new and updated taxonomyrelevant publications that have become available throughout the course of the year are adequately reflected in this report.  determination of taxonomyeligible activities the core team reviewed the new delegated acts to the taxonomy regulation as they became available and analyzed the impact on the disclosure requirements compared to to ensure accuracy and completeness of our reporting.  as mentioned above while the re porting requirement covers all six environmental objectives since the beginning of the main economic activities of our business model remain out of scope and we consequently have no turnovergenerating taxonomyeligible activities to report on.  as a result the following eligible economic activities have been identified for .  transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles including company car leases

Score 0.467
b.  taxonomy noneligible activities opex of taxonomy noneligible activities total y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objecti ve nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  ccm climate change mitigation cca climate change adaptation wtr water and marine resources ppc pollution prevention and control ce circular econo my bio biodiversity and ecosystems.  el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  proportion of opextotal opex taxonomyaligned per objective taxonomyeligible per objective ccm cca wtr ce ppc bio to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t nuclear and fossil gasrelated activities nuclear energyrelated activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to research development demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle

Score 0.463
shortcomings in the area of health and safety identified during audits in other includes for example material storage housekeeping or waste management.  remediation of shortcomings we follow up on all cases of noncompliance and require our manufacturing partners to remediate open issues within a specified timeframe.  while in many cases the actual issues will have been resolved our approach is to only close these in our systems when we have verified evidence of completion and established that corrective actions taken are sustainable and sufficient to avoid reoccurrence .  to support remediation and ensure effective management systems are in place we undertake capacity building to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t especially for any identified highrisk issues.  for instance in we launched an occupational health and safety program to improve electrical safety for workers and factory maintenance staff including written guidelines and supplier training

Score 0.462
the purpose of the taxonomy is to provide a common language and a clear definition of what is considered sustainable to direct investments toward sus tainable economic activities.  the taxonomy will thereby support the eus climate energy and european green deal targets.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t the taxonomy is a classification system for environmentally sustainable economic activities.  an economic activity is considered t axonomyeligible if it is described in one of the delegated acts of the taxonomy and has the potential to support the achieve ment of at least one of the following six environmental objectives climate change mitigation climate change adaptation sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems.  for an activity to be considered and reported as environmentally su stainable i

Score 0.462
to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t breakdown of annual ghg emissions scope emissions in tons co e administrative offices distribution centers own retail stores showrooms scope emissions marketbased in tons co e administrative offices distribution centers own retail stores showrooms scope emissions in tons co e purchased goods and services upstream transportation and distribution business travel use of sold products endoflife treatment of sold products total emissions in tons co e ghg emissions per product total emissionsproduction volume kg co e per product .  .  values reported cover production seasons ss and fw.  within scope purchased goods and services considers the produc tion and processing of raw materials for which impacts are estimated based on quantities of materials and lifecycle analysis data.  all key production processes are considered

Score 0.461
we will continue to guide our suppliers through capacity building and best practice sharing to ensure a smooth transition to the application of the new gui delines .  target was revised for clarity in .  progress toward target as previously defined was that of suppliers used at least level chemicals .  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t waste management we make continuous efforts toward optimizing waste diversion acro ss our supply chain with the aim of increasing the value of waste within the life cycle e. g

Score 0.459
since the identified taxonomyeligible activities relate to the purchase of output from potentially taxonomyaligned activities performing the taxonomy assessment was dependent on the input of the relevant information from the respective thirdparty suppliers.  due to the expected time and resource investment necessary for assessing all individual projects and items contributing to the eligible activities we prioritized the assessment of those individual activities that were most material in terms of value andor were more likely to be taxonomyaligned due to the availability of the necessary information.  eligible building leases relate to warehousesdistribution centers own retail stores and corporate offices.  the applicable substantial contribution and dnsh criteria as set out in section .  of annex i of the delegated regulation predominantly relate to primary energy demand and climaterelated risks and adaptation solutions respectively in connection with the leased buildings

Score 0.458
these guidelines specify that the nonrecyclable waste materials should not be directly landfilled.  we developed a waste diversion program to use nonrecyclable manufacturing waste in energy production in collaboration w ith coprocessing partners in our major sourcing countries.  coprocessing is a proven and sustainable solution that can reduce pollution reduce consumption of natural resources reduce landfill space and ultimately contribute to a smaller carbon footprin t.  to further optimize waste diversion we have scaled up this solution across the globe especially in sourcing countries with immature coprocessing infrastructure.  globally the suppliers enrolled in our environmental program collectively achieved a landfill diversion in

Score 0.456
an assessment of the taxonomy alignment against the respective criteria laid out in annex i of the delegated regulation was conducted in a structured manner as far as this was possible with reasonable effort .  while the eligible activities fulfill the substantial contribution criterion none of them are considered to be taxonomyaligned as a result of the noncompliance with the dnsh assessment.    minimum safeguards the minimum safeguards f orm part of the taxonomy alignment criteria.  their purpose is to clarify that eligible economic activities can only be environmentally sustainable when performed in circumstances which are compliant with social norms and certain minimum governance standard s.  in this context companies must implement appropriate processes and procedures to avoid negative influences on or violations of the following four specific topics human rights incl

Score 0.456
g.  led lighting in retail stores .  acquisition and ownership of buildings including building leases assessment of taxonomy alignment of taxonomyeligible activities for taxonomyeligible activities at adidas the environmental objectiv e of climate change mitigation is applicable not climate change adaptation since these activities are intended to positively impact our carbon footprint.  hence the taxonomyeligible activities have been assessed according to the substantial contribution and dnsh criteria as laid out in annex i to the delegated regulation eu .  since the identified taxonomyeligible activities relate to the purchase of output from potentially taxonomyaligned activities performing the taxonomy assessment was dependent on the input of the relevant information from the respective thirdparty suppliers

Score 0.455
for the remaining eligible activities under section .  an assessment of the taxonomy alignment against the respective criteria laid out in annex i of the delegated regulation was conducted in a structured manner as far as this was possible with reasonable effort .  while the eligible activities fulfill the substantial contribution criterion none of them are considered to be taxonomyaligned as a result of the noncompliance with the dnsh assessment.    minimum safeguards the minimum safeguards f orm part of the taxonomy alignment criteria.  their purpose is to clarify that eligible economic activities can only be environmentally sustainable when performed in circumstances which are compliant with social norms and certain minimum governance standard s

Score 0.454
e.  taxonomyaligned the following three prerequisites must be fulfilled substantial contribution the activity makes a substantial contribution to one of the environmental objectives by meeting the technical screening criteria defined for this economic activity .  do no significant harm dnsh by fulfilling further criteria it can be demonstrated that the activity does not do significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives .  minimum safeguards the company perform ing the activity must have implemented and adhere to minimum safeguards relating to human rights including labor rights bribery corruption taxation and fair competition .  reporting scope for fiscal year the delegated regulation delegated regulation eu on article   of the taxonomy specifies the content methodology and presentation of information to be disclosed by financial and nonfinancial undertakings concerning the proportion of environmentally sustainable economic activi ties in their business investments or lending activities

Score 0.454
we automated this process by linking our inhouse sustainable material traceability system to this platform enabling us to track the risk of forced labor in our supply chain.  we also continued to roll out an internal reporting tool to identify and evaluate the potential presence of ilo forced labor indicators.  we started in china where all our tier to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t manufacturing partners our nominated tier material suppliers and targeted tier spinning mills were assessed against these ilo indicators.  none of the suppliers assessed showed evi dence of forced labor.  this tool is now being applied globally to ensure ongoing regulatory compliance across the entire supply chain

Score 0.453
installation maintenance and repair of energyefficient equ ipment e. g.  led lighting in retail stores .  acquisition and ownership of buildings including building leases assessment of taxonomy alignment of taxonomyeligible activities for taxonomyeligible activities at adidas the environmental objectiv e of climate change mitigation is applicable not climate change adaptation since these activities are intended to positively impact our carbon footprint.  hence the taxonomyeligible activities have been assessed according to the substantial contribution and dnsh criteria as laid out in annex i to the delegated regulation eu

Score 0.453
warning letters in our close engagement with our manufacturing partners facilities helped limit the need to issue warning letters with a total of nine six across seven countries.  compared to the p revious year the overall number of active first warning letters remained at a similar level from six in to eight in the total number of second warnings was one in .  manufacturing facilities that receive a second warning letter ar e only one step away from being notified of possible termination of the manufacturing agreement and are subject to focused monitoring by our team.  no third warning letters which result in termination of the contract were issued to our manufacturing partn ers in .  advisory letter for suppliers to whom we do not have a direct contractual relationship we rely on advisory letters as an enforcement measure in two advisory letters were issued to tier facilities after their management fa iled to commit to complying with our environmental requirements

Score 0.453
we developed a waste diversion program to use nonrecyclable manufacturing waste in energy production in collaboration w ith coprocessing partners in our major sourcing countries.  coprocessing is a proven and sustainable solution that can reduce pollution reduce consumption of natural resources reduce landfill space and ultimately contribute to a smaller carbon footprin t.  to further optimize waste diversion we have scaled up this solution across the globe especially in sourcing countries with immature coprocessing infrastructure.  globally the suppliers enrolled in our environmental program collectively achieved a landfill diversion in .  at own operations during we continued to focus on improving the quality of wasterelated data from our administrative offices and distribution centers by upskilling team members on the data collection process of waste st reams

Score 0.45
includes environmental assessments and wastewater test assessments according to the zdhc wastewater guidelines.  includes audits done in licensee factories.  to complement our broader sustainability efforts we monitor our suppliers to ensure compliance with our environmental standards and guidelines and to validate their performance against annual environmental targets.  in facilities in countries were assessed and evaluated for their environmental performance which represented of our key tier and tier manufacturing partners and selected to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t tier suppliers enrolled in our sourcing sustainability program.  in additi on a total of wastewater test assessments were conducted according to the zdhc wastewater guidelines

Score 0.449
the way chemicals were stored and used including the handling of hazardous chemicals accounted for of noncompliance findings reported.  a further o f the findings related to management systems policies and procedures and specifically a lack of compliance with our workplace standards and expectation for effective occupational health and safety systems including the recruitment and retention of qual ified safety staff.  shortcomings in the area of health and safety identified during audits in other includes for example material storage housekeeping or waste management.  remediation of shortcomings we follow up on all cases of noncompliance and require our manufacturing partners to remediate open issues within a specified timeframe.  while in many cases the actual issues will have been resolved our approach is to only close these in our systems when we have verified evidence of completion and established that corrective actions taken are sustainable and sufficient to avoid reoccurrence

Score 0.448
led lighting in retail stores .  acquisition and ownership of buildings including building leases assessment of taxonomy alignment of taxonomyeligible activities for taxonomyeligible activities at adidas the environmental objectiv e of climate change mitigation is applicable not climate change adaptation since these activities are intended to positively impact our carbon footprint.  hence the taxonomyeligible activities have been assessed according to the substantial contribution and dnsh criteria as laid out in annex i to the delegated regulation eu .  since the identified taxonomyeligible activities relate to the purchase of output from potentially taxonomyaligned activities performing the taxonomy assessment was dependent on the input of the relevant information from the respective thirdparty suppliers.  due to the expected time and resource investment necessary for assessing all individual projects and items contributing to the eligible activities we prioritized the assessment of those individual activities that were most material in terms of value andor were more likely to be taxonomyaligned due to the availability of the necessary information

Score 0.448
both our own quality laboratories and external institutes are used to constantly monitor material samples for compliance with our requirements.  materi als that do not meet our standards and specifications are rejected.  as a result of our ongoing efforts we did not record any product recalls in .  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t over the past few years we have substantially contributed to the restricted substances list of apparel and footwear international rsl management afirm which constitutes a harmonized restricted substances list across the industry.  while the uptake o f the list as an industry best practice matured further and afirm membership continues to grow various tools have been developed further in such as a harmonized test request form the thirdparty lab evaluation questionnaire and the offer of addit ional languages for the supplier online training videos

Score 0.448
el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  proportion of opextotal opex taxonomyaligned per objective taxonomyeligible per objective ccm cca wtr ce ppc bio to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t nuclear and fossil gasrelated activities nuclear energyrelated activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to research development demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production as well as their safety upgrades using best available technologies.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process he at including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy as well as their safety upgrades.  no fossil gasrelated activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels

Score 0.443
taxonomy noneligible activities capex of taxonomy noneligible activities b total a b y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objecti ve nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  ccm climate change mitigation cca climate change adaptation wtr water and marine resources ppc pollution prevention and control ce circular eco nomy bio biodiversity and ecosystems.  el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  the denominator of the capex kpi contain s in accordance with the definition of the taxonomy and as disclosed in this annual report additions to buildings technica l equipment and machinery other equipment furniture and fixtures rightofuse assets and other intangible assets before depre ciation amortization and remeasurements.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t proportion of capextotal capex taxonomyaligned per objective taxonomyeligible per objective ccm cca wtr ce ppc bio to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t proportion of opex from products or services associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering year business year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities code opex proportion of opex climate change mitigation climate change adaptation water pollution circular economy biodiversity climate change mitigation climate change adaptation water pollution circular economy biodiversity minimum safeguards proportion of taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.442
to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t shortcomings in the area of labor identified during audits in other includes for example overtimeholiday rate and other benefitsallowances.  no standardized filing indicates a factory does not keep relevant informationdocuments and records that demonstrate compliance with laws an d regulations.  health and safety fire electrical as well as machine and ladder safety are critical areas for existing manufactur ing facilities and together they accounted for almost of the noncompliance identified in .  the way chemicals were stored and used including the handling of hazardous chemicals accounted for of noncompliance findings reported.  a further o f the findings related to management systems policies and procedures and specifically a lack of compliance with our workplace standards and expectation for effective occupational health and safety systems including the recruitment and retention of qual ified safety staff

Score 0.442
despite the expansion of the taxonomy disclosure requirements in the adidas core business activities i. e.  the manufacturing of textiles and footwear as well as wholesale and reta il sale thereof remain unmentioned in the delegated acts and therefore noneligible for any of the six environmental objectives.  in addition as per delegated regulation eu we are required to provide specific disclosures on economic activitie s related to the fossil gas and nuclear energy sectors.  we carried out related activities in due to the operation of a district heating plant in germany although similar to not to a material extent

Score 0.441
the data shown includes both initial assessments and initial assessment followups and includes onsite and desktop assessments.  audits conducted in approved factories that have passed the initial assessment including onsite and desktop assessments.  as of audits under the slcp and better work programs are included.  includes environmental assessments and wastewater test assessments according to the zdhc wastewater guidelines.  includes audits done in licensee factories

Score 0.441
manufacturing facilities that receive a second warning letter ar e only one step away from being notified of possible termination of the manufacturing agreement and are subject to focused monitoring by our team.  no third warning letters which result in termination of the contract were issued to our manufacturing partn ers in .  advisory letter for suppliers to whom we do not have a direct contractual relationship we rely on advisory letters as an enforcement measure in two advisory letters were issued to tier facilities after their management fa iled to commit to complying with our environmental requirements.  terminations in there were no instances in which a supplier agreement was terminated for social compliance reasons .  sustainable finance the challenges posed by the impact of climate change and social developments in our societies and supply chains are huge

Score 0.441
to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t income from government grants is reported as a deduction from the related expenses and amounted to million in million.  cost by nature supplementary information on the expenses by nature is detailed below.  cost of materials represents the amount of inventories recognized as an expense during the period.  depreciation of tangible and rightofuse assets amortization of intangible assets and impairment losses and reversals of impairment losses on those assets are primarily included within other operating expenses unless they are directly attributable to the production costs in which case the expenses are included within the cost of sales.  imp airment losses on goodwill are presented as a separate line item in the consolidated income statement

Score 0.44
taxonomyaligned the following three prerequisites must be fulfilled substantial contribution the activity makes a substantial contribution to one of the environmental objectives by meeting the technical screening criteria defined for this economic activity .  do no significant harm dnsh by fulfilling further criteria it can be demonstrated that the activity does not do significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives .  minimum safeguards the company perform ing the activity must have implemented and adhere to minimum safeguards relating to human rights including labor rights bribery corruption taxation and fair competition .  reporting scope for fiscal year the delegated regulation delegated regulation eu on article   of the taxonomy specifies the content methodology and presentation of information to be disclosed by financial and nonfinancial undertakings concerning the proportion of environmentally sustainable economic activi ties in their business investments or lending activities.  with the introduction of delegated regulation eu in and its amendment in delegated regulation eu the eu clarified the conditions under which an economic activi ty qualifies as contributing substantially to climate change mitigation andor climate change adaptation and for determining whether that economic activity does not cause any significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives

Score 0.439
the number of audits in factories manufacturing goods for licensees was reduced from in to i n reflecting a reduction in the number of licensee suppliers.  number of audits by region and type region initial assessment performance audit environmental assessment total asia americas emea total every new manufacturing facility has to pass an initial assessment to prove compliance with the adidas workplace standards before an order is placed.  the data shown includes both initial assessments and initial assessment followups and includes onsite and desktop assessments.  audits conducted in approved factories that have passed the initial assessment including onsite and desktop assessments.  as of audits under the slcp and better work programs are included

Score 0.438
.  a.  b.  taxonomy noneligible activities turnover of taxonomy noneligible activities b total a b y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  ccm climate change mitigation cca climate change adaptation wtr water and marine resources ppc pollution prevention and control ce circular economy bio biodiversity and ecosystems

Score 0.437
of these factories were either rejected directly after the initial assessment identified zerotolerance issues or were rejected with a second visit due to identification of one or more threshold issues which means they were rejected but given the chance to remediate the noncompliance issues within a specific tim eframe.  the vast majority of all initial assessments were undertaken in asia with china accounting for .  overall at the end of the firsttime rejection rate of new factories visited was and thus lower than in t he previous year .  manufacturing partners with threshold issues are typically given three months to remediate them before being reaudited for final acceptance .  through active support and capacity building all initially rejected factories succe ssfully closed their noncompliance issues and were onboarded

Score 0.435
see note generally all investments in equity instruments are measured at fair value through profit or loss unless these investments represent investments that the company intends to ho ld for longterm strategic purposes which are then designated as equity securities at fair value through other comprehensive income equity.  the designation of certain equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income equity is based on a strategic management decision.  inventories finished goods and merchandise are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value which is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.  costs are determined using a standard valuation method the average cost method .  costs of finished goods include the cost of direct materials and labor and the components of the manufacturing overheads that can be reasonably attributed to finished goods

Score 0.435
opportunities related to product engineering and manufacturing processes we constantly monitor which of our product features are perceived as most relevant by our consume rs.  according to this a further optimization of our product design could result in higher net sales and margins by consistently focusing on product features that add the most value to our consumers while increasing the cost efficiency of less relevant co mponents or reducing complexity in product design.  by working closely with our suppliers we also see respective potential for more efficient manufacturing processes.  litigation opportunities our legal department is constantly monitoring the market for pot ential infringements of our own rights by third parties e. g

Score 0.435
a further o f the findings related to management systems policies and procedures and specifically a lack of compliance with our workplace standards and expectation for effective occupational health and safety systems including the recruitment and retention of qual ified safety staff.  shortcomings in the area of health and safety identified during audits in other includes for example material storage housekeeping or waste management.  remediation of shortcomings we follow up on all cases of noncompliance and require our manufacturing partners to remediate open issues within a specified timeframe.  while in many cases the actual issues will have been resolved our approach is to only close these in our systems when we have verified evidence of completion and established that corrective actions taken are sustainable and sufficient to avoid reoccurrence .  to support remediation and ensure effective management systems are in place we undertake capacity building to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t especially for any identified highrisk issues

Score 0.434
this includes initiatives such as renewing a communitys sports field using recycled materials and providing training on how to reduce plastic waste at sports facilities.  we believe that moving toward achieving the targets we have defined for and beyond will set us up for future success.  engaging closely with our suppliers remains critical to achieving our targets.  we are therefore leveraging our longterm relationships with suppliers to ensure they can help us achieve our decarbonization targe ts and we are also working closely with partners to scale innovative materials recycling technologies and circular business practices across the value chain.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t targets for and beyond environmental impacts target year area target baseline own operations emissions achievement of climate neutrality co e water water intensity reduction mm waste waste diversion rate supply chain energy adoption of renewable energy at strategic tier and tier supplier facilities to keep emissions flat water water consumption intensity reduction at tier supplier facilities chemicals input of chemical formulations used by our suppliers for production achieve the highest level of conformance with zdhc mrsl level wastewater output of suppliers that operate onsite effluents plants to achieve zdhc wastewater foundational level product sustainable article offering out of articles will be sustainable meaning that they are to a significant degree made with environmentally preferred materials decarbonization reduction of ghg emissions per product entire value chain from raw material production to own operations reduction of ghg emissions achievement of climate neutrality co e targets received approval by the science based targets initiative sbti

Score 0.434
marketing overhead expenses are not included in marketing expenditure.  more s ustainab le cotton for adidas more sustainable cotton means certified organic cotton or any other form of sustainably produced cotton that is currently available or may be available in the future as well as better cotton .  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t o operating overhead expenses expenses that are not directly attributable to the products or services sold such as distribution and selling as well as general and administration costs but not including marketing and pointofsale expenses.  p parley ocean plastic parley ocean plastic is a material created from upcycled plastic waste that is intercepted from beaches and coastal communities before reaching the ocean.  the organization parley for the oceans works with its partners to collect sort and tra nsport the recovered raw material mainly pet bottles to our supplier who produces the yarn which is legally trademarked

Score 0.433
calculation excludes emissions resulting from use of sold products in alignment with the guidance provided by the science based targets initiative.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t breakdown of annual ghg emissions scope emissions in tons co e administrative offices distribution centers own retail stores showrooms scope emissions marketbased in tons co e administrative offices distribution centers own retail stores showrooms scope emissions in tons co e purchased goods and services upstream transportation and distribution business travel use of sold products endoflife treatment of sold products total emissions in tons co e ghg emissions per product total emissionsproduction volume kg co e per product .  .  values reported cover production seasons ss and fw.  within scope purchased goods and services considers the produc tion and processing of raw materials for which impacts are estimated based on quantities of materials and lifecycle analysis data

Score 0.433
cost of materials represents the amount of inventories recognized as an expense during the period.  depreciation of tangible and rightofuse assets amortization of intangible assets and impairment losses and reversals of impairment losses on those assets are primarily included within other operating expenses unless they are directly attributable to the production costs in which case the expenses are included within the cost of sales.  imp airment losses on goodwill are presented as a separate line item in the consolidated income statement.  personnel expenses are primarily included within other operating expenses unless they are directly attributable to the production costs in which case th e expenses are included within the cost of sales.  expenses relating to leases of lowvalue assets exclude shortterm leases of lowvalue assets

Score 0.433
compared to the p revious year the overall number of active first warning letters remained at a similar level from six in to eight in the total number of second warnings was one in .  manufacturing facilities that receive a second warning letter ar e only one step away from being notified of possible termination of the manufacturing agreement and are subject to focused monitoring by our team.  no third warning letters which result in termination of the contract were issued to our manufacturing partn ers in .  advisory letter for suppliers to whom we do not have a direct contractual relationship we rely on advisory letters as an enforcement measure in two advisory letters were issued to tier facilities after their management fa iled to commit to complying with our environmental requirements.  terminations in there were no instances in which a supplier agreement was terminated for social compliance reasons

Score 0.432
el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  the denominator of the capex kpi contain s in accordance with the definition of the taxonomy and as disclosed in this annual report additions to buildings technica l equipment and machinery other equipment furniture and fixtures rightofuse assets and other intangible assets before depre ciation amortization and remeasurements.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t proportion of capextotal capex taxonomyaligned per objective taxonomyeligible per objective ccm cca wtr ce ppc bio to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t proportion of opex from products or services associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering year business year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities code opex proportion of opex climate change mitigation climate change adaptation water pollution circular economy biodiversity climate change mitigation climate change adaptation water pollution circular economy biodiversity minimum safeguards proportion of taxonomyaligned a. .  or eligible a

Score 0.432
as of audits under the slcp and better work programs are included.  includes environmental assessments and wastewater test assessments according to the zdhc wastewater guidelines.  includes audits done in licensee factories.  to complement our broader sustainability efforts we monitor our suppliers to ensure compliance with our environmental standards and guidelines and to validate their performance against annual environmental targets.  in facilities in countries were assessed and evaluated for their environmental performance which represented of our key tier and tier manufacturing partners and selected to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t tier suppliers enrolled in our sourcing sustainability program

Score 0.431
transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles including company car leases .  installation maintenance and repair of energyefficient equ ipment e. g.  led lighting in retail stores .  acquisition and ownership of buildings including building leases assessment of taxonomy alignment of taxonomyeligible activities for taxonomyeligible activities at adidas the environmental objectiv e of climate change mitigation is applicable not climate change adaptation since these activities are intended to positively impact our carbon footprint

Score 0.431
e.  the manufacturing of textiles and footwear as well as wholesale and reta il sale thereof remain unmentioned in the delegated acts and therefore noneligible for any of the six environmental objectives.  in addition as per delegated regulation eu we are required to provide specific disclosures on economic activitie s related to the fossil gas and nuclear energy sectors.  we carried out related activities in due to the operation of a district heating plant in germany although similar to not to a material extent.  thus the detailed disclosure requirements a s per annex xii of the delegated regulation do not apply to adidas

Score 0.43
sundry expenses consist mainly of costs for onetime effects as well as losses from disposal of fixed assets.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t income from government grants is reported as a deduction from the related expenses and amounted to million in million.  cost by nature supplementary information on the expenses by nature is detailed below.  cost of materials represents the amount of inventories recognized as an expense during the period.  depreciation of tangible and rightofuse assets amortization of intangible assets and impairment losses and reversals of impairment losses on those assets are primarily included within other operating expenses unless they are directly attributable to the production costs in which case the expenses are included within the cost of sales

Score 0.428
furthermore purchased goods and services also considers the assembly phase for which impacts are estimated by applying emission factors to reported en ergy consumption from tier strategic suppliers.  sourcing volume data is used to estimate the impact of nonstrategic suppliers .  upstream transportation and distribution quantities of goods for specified distribution routes are combined with tra nsport emissions factors.  business travel calculations are based on the business travel data system.  use of sold products emissions caused by washing drying and ironing of sold products throughout their lifetime based on data on average care cycles from pefcr and lifecycle analysis datasets

Score 0.426
a.  b.  taxonomy noneligible activities turnover of taxonomy noneligible activities b total a b y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  ccm climate change mitigation cca climate change adaptation wtr water and marine resources ppc pollution prevention and control ce circular economy bio biodiversity and ecosystems.  net sales as reported in the consolidated income statement

Score 0.425
noncompliances identified in active factories our manufacturing partners facilities are evaluated against a number of critical compliance issues.  while threshold issues are considered serious but correctable noncompliances that can be addressed through remedial action within a specified timeframe zerotolerance issues such as forced labor child labor practices or critical lifethreatening health safety and environ ment conditions immediately trigger a warning and potential disqualification of a supplier.  during the course of each year we continuously track noncompliances identified through manufacturing partners performance audits collaboration audits selfgovernance assessments and since slcp assessments.  we follow up on all noncompliance and require our manufacturing partners to remediate these findings within a specified timeframe.  the identified issues in remained largely the same as those re ported in

Score 0.425
to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t over the past few years we have substantially contributed to the restricted substances list of apparel and footwear international rsl management afirm which constitutes a harmonized restricted substances list across the industry.  while the uptake o f the list as an industry best practice matured further and afirm membership continues to grow various tools have been developed further in such as a harmonized test request form the thirdparty lab evaluation questionnaire and the offer of addit ional languages for the supplier online training videos.  in addition a pfas phaseout guidance supported by an online webinar for suppliers has been published.  all these tools will be issued to the public and made available to other companies from the tex tile and sporting goods industry and their suppliers.  we also continued to participate in several major public stakeholder consultation processes initiated by the european commission e

Score 0.425
b.  taxonomy noneligible activities capex of taxonomy noneligible activities b total a b y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objecti ve nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  ccm climate change mitigation cca climate change adaptation wtr water and marine resources ppc pollution prevention and control ce circular eco nomy bio biodiversity and ecosystems.  el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  the denominator of the capex kpi contain s in accordance with the definition of the taxonomy and as disclosed in this annual report additions to buildings technica l equipment and machinery other equipment furniture and fixtures rightofuse assets and other intangible assets before depre ciation amortization and remeasurements

Score 0.424
we are therefore leveraging our longterm relationships with suppliers to ensure they can help us achieve our decarbonization targe ts and we are also working closely with partners to scale innovative materials recycling technologies and circular business practices across the value chain.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t targets for and beyond environmental impacts target year area target baseline own operations emissions achievement of climate neutrality co e water water intensity reduction mm waste waste diversion rate supply chain energy adoption of renewable energy at strategic tier and tier supplier facilities to keep emissions flat water water consumption intensity reduction at tier supplier facilities chemicals input of chemical formulations used by our suppliers for production achieve the highest level of conformance with zdhc mrsl level wastewater output of suppliers that operate onsite effluents plants to achieve zdhc wastewater foundational level product sustainable article offering out of articles will be sustainable meaning that they are to a significant degree made with environmentally preferred materials decarbonization reduction of ghg emissions per product entire value chain from raw material production to own operations reduction of ghg emissions achievement of climate neutrality co e targets received approval by the science based targets initiative sbti.  we will resubmit these targets to sbti for approval throughout .  subject to reasonable assurance engagement of pricewaterhousecoopers gmbh wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft.  the table provides an overview of the targets we have set ourselves that will help us reduce our environmental impacts

Score 0.424
we carried out related activities in due to the operation of a district heating plant in germany although similar to not to a material extent.  thus the detailed disclosure requirements a s per annex xii of the delegated regulation do not apply to adidas .  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t description of adidas procedure toward compliant reporting as in previous years a core team within the adidas corporate finance area was responsible for the reporting proc ess.  the main tasks of the team were to educate the functional and subjectmatter experts mainly from the accounting controlling hr workplaces supply chain and retail teams on the reporting requirements with particular focus on taxonomy alignment criteria   define orchestrate and lead a structured process to collect all taxonomyrelevant information from the subjectmatter experts analyze and verify reported information in terms of taxonomy relevance accuracy and completeness and ensure that all new and updated taxonomyrelevant publications that have become available throughout the course of the year are adequately reflected in this report.  determination of taxonomyeligible activities the core team reviewed the new delegated acts to the taxonomy regulation as they became available and analyzed the impact on the disclosure requirements compared to to ensure accuracy and completeness of our reporting

Score 0.424
these include compliance with threshold and zerotolerance issues completion of remediation plans accident and absenteeism rates as well as a range of worker empowerment measures such as resolution and satisfaction rate of workers grievances participation rate in worker satisfaction surveys and the ratio of females in midmanagerial positions.  the skpi assesses a factorys performance in each of the uoms based on the information gathered and where applicable validated during social compliance audits which are uploaded to a dashboard for each supplier.  the result is a final score in which is converted to srating levels from with s being the best.  the thresholds are set as follows s s s s s .  for suppliers that have achieved a skpi of s we reserve the possibility to exclude them from selected skpi compliance measurements for one year due to their low risk profile

Score 0.424
at own operations during we continued to focus on improving the quality of wasterelated data from our administrative offices and distribution centers by upskilling team members on the data collection process of waste st reams.  this resulted in a higher data quality but also a lower diversion rate.  as of of our own operations by square meters are monitoring and tracking waste.  by the end of a total of tons tons of waste wa s generated and we achieved an accumulated diversion rate of for administrative offices and distribution centers.  transportation we regularly track the environmental impact related to the transport of our goods

Score 0.422
we also continued to roll out an internal reporting tool to identify and evaluate the potential presence of ilo forced labor indicators.  we started in china where all our tier to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t manufacturing partners our nominated tier material suppliers and targeted tier spinning mills were assessed against these ilo indicators.  none of the suppliers assessed showed evi dence of forced labor.  this tool is now being applied globally to ensure ongoing regulatory compliance across the entire supply chain.  in response to the ongoing war in ukraine and continued political instability in postcoup myanmar we continue to carry out a heightened version of human rights due diligence

Score 0.421
b.  taxonomy noneligible activities turnover of taxonomy noneligible activities b total a b y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  ccm climate change mitigation cca climate change adaptation wtr water and marine resources ppc pollution prevention and control ce circular economy bio biodiversity and ecosystems.  net sales as reported in the consolidated income statement.  el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant envi ronmental objective

Score 0.421
we see a positive trend with almost all of the higherperforming manufacturing facilities s or s in maintaining or improving their skpi rating in .  with this performance we are confident that we will meet the target for the upper performance band for our suppliers and now expect of our strategic tier suppliers to achieve a minimum of s or better by .  including social and environmental assessments excluding zdhc wastewater assessments .  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t social impact performance rating of strategic supplier factories by skpi in all of our ke y licensees i. e

Score 0.421
remediation of shortcomings we follow up on all cases of noncompliance and require our manufacturing partners to remediate open issues within a specified timeframe.  while in many cases the actual issues will have been resolved our approach is to only close these in our systems when we have verified evidence of completion and established that corrective actions taken are sustainable and sufficient to avoid reoccurrence .  to support remediation and ensure effective management systems are in place we undertake capacity building to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t especially for any identified highrisk issues.  for instance in we launched an occupational health and safety program to improve electrical safety for workers and factory maintenance staff including written guidelines and supplier training.  independent fla audits each year the fla independently assesses the supply chain of its member brands

Score 0.421
in almost of our key manufacturing facilities achieved a rating of s or better which is a significant impr ovement compared to .  we see a positive trend with almost all of the higherperforming manufacturing facilities s or s in maintaining or improving their skpi rating in .  with this performance we are confident that we will meet the target for the upper performance band for our suppliers and now expect of our strategic tier suppliers to achieve a minimum of s or better by .  including social and environmental assessments excluding zdhc wastewater assessments .  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t social impact performance rating of strategic supplier factories by skpi in all of our ke y licensees i

Score 0.421
as of of our own operations by square meters are monitoring and tracking waste.  by the end of a total of tons tons of waste wa s generated and we achieved an accumulated diversion rate of for administrative offices and distribution centers.  transportation we regularly track the environmental impact related to the transport of our goods.  compared to the previou s year performance remained relatively stable.  while the use of air freight decreased to in as part of our efforts to counterbalance covidrelated supply chain challenges the vast majority of our transportation continued to take place via sea freight and truck

Score 0.421
in such circumstances we may extend timelines to ensure a responsible exit is achieved.  warning letters in our close engagement with our manufacturing partners facilities helped limit the need to issue warning letters with a total of nine six across seven countries.  compared to the p revious year the overall number of active first warning letters remained at a similar level from six in to eight in the total number of second warnings was one in .  manufacturing facilities that receive a second warning letter ar e only one step away from being notified of possible termination of the manufacturing agreement and are subject to focused monitoring by our team.  no third warning letters which result in termination of the contract were issued to our manufacturing partn ers in

Score 0.421
includes audits done in licensee factories.  to complement our broader sustainability efforts we monitor our suppliers to ensure compliance with our environmental standards and guidelines and to validate their performance against annual environmental targets.  in facilities in countries were assessed and evaluated for their environmental performance which represented of our key tier and tier manufacturing partners and selected to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t tier suppliers enrolled in our sourcing sustainability program.  in additi on a total of wastewater test assessments were conducted according to the zdhc wastewater guidelines.  as we continue to increase our focus on addedvalue advisory services and empowerment projects which go beyond our regular audit routine the numbe r of internally managed audits decreased to in with assessments of all assessments performed by thirdparty monitors

Score 0.42
.  acquisition and ownership of buildings building leases ccm . .  el nel nel nel nel nel capex of taxonomy eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.

Score 0.42
acquisition and ownership of buildings including building leases assessment of taxonomy alignment of taxonomyeligible activities for taxonomyeligible activities at adidas the environmental objectiv e of climate change mitigation is applicable not climate change adaptation since these activities are intended to positively impact our carbon footprint.  hence the taxonomyeligible activities have been assessed according to the substantial contribution and dnsh criteria as laid out in annex i to the delegated regulation eu .  since the identified taxonomyeligible activities relate to the purchase of output from potentially taxonomyaligned activities performing the taxonomy assessment was dependent on the input of the relevant information from the respective thirdparty suppliers.  due to the expected time and resource investment necessary for assessing all individual projects and items contributing to the eligible activities we prioritized the assessment of those individual activities that were most material in terms of value andor were more likely to be taxonomyaligned due to the availability of the necessary information.  eligible building leases relate to warehousesdistribution centers own retail stores and corporate offices

Score 0.42
only articles with verified environmentally preferred material contents are included.  licensed articles are excluded.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t critical to this success was the progressive evolution of foundational capabilities to create more transparency and higher accuracy for material and product data.  this required investment s into our it infrastructure and now enables automated measurement of sustainable components for each of our articles.  progress toward this target was successfully verified by a third party for the second consecutive year under the most reliable form of auditing reasonable assurance increasing awareness across the entire company and support ing our system readiness for future requirements

Score 0.419
engaging closely with our suppliers remains critical to achieving our targets.  we are therefore leveraging our longterm relationships with suppliers to ensure they can help us achieve our decarbonization targe ts and we are also working closely with partners to scale innovative materials recycling technologies and circular business practices across the value chain.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t targets for and beyond environmental impacts target year area target baseline own operations emissions achievement of climate neutrality co e water water intensity reduction mm waste waste diversion rate supply chain energy adoption of renewable energy at strategic tier and tier supplier facilities to keep emissions flat water water consumption intensity reduction at tier supplier facilities chemicals input of chemical formulations used by our suppliers for production achieve the highest level of conformance with zdhc mrsl level wastewater output of suppliers that operate onsite effluents plants to achieve zdhc wastewater foundational level product sustainable article offering out of articles will be sustainable meaning that they are to a significant degree made with environmentally preferred materials decarbonization reduction of ghg emissions per product entire value chain from raw material production to own operations reduction of ghg emissions achievement of climate neutrality co e targets received approval by the science based targets initiative sbti.  we will resubmit these targets to sbti for approval throughout .  subject to reasonable assurance engagement of pricewaterhousecoopers gmbh wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft

Score 0.419
primary secondary and tertiary packaging material quantities are included.  the quantities are estimated based on sales volumes usin g composition and weight assumptions from the product environmental footprint category rules pefcr.  furthermore purchased goods and services also considers the assembly phase for which impacts are estimated by applying emission factors to reported en ergy consumption from tier strategic suppliers.  sourcing volume data is used to estimate the impact of nonstrategic suppliers .  upstream transportation and distribution quantities of goods for specified distribution routes are combined with tra nsport emissions factors

Score 0.419
the eu taxonomy regulation and the delegated acts issued thereunder contain wording and terms that are still subject to considerable interpretation uncertainties and for which clarifications have not yet been published in every case.  therefore the executive directors have disclosed their interpretation of the eu taxonomy regulation and the delegated acts adopted thereunder in section eutaxonomy of the combined nonfinancial statement.  they are responsible for the defensibility of this interpretation.  due to pricewaterhousecoopers gmbh has performed a limited and reasonable assurance engagement on the german version of the combined nonfinancial statement and issued an independent practitioners report in german language which is au thoritative.  the following text is a translation of the independent practitioners report

Score 0.418
the vast majority of all initial assessments were undertaken in asia with china accounting for .  overall at the end of the firsttime rejection rate of new factories visited was and thus lower than in t he previous year .  manufacturing partners with threshold issues are typically given three months to remediate them before being reaudited for final acceptance .  through active support and capacity building all initially rejected factories succe ssfully closed their noncompliance issues and were onboarded.  as a result in there were no factories subject to final rejection

Score 0.418
facilities that work with our licensees are reported separately.  some of these facilities may produce both for adidas directly and for licensees.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t supply chain performance data onboarding of new suppliers total number of firsttime rejections firsttime rejection rate total number of final rejections final rejection rate worker empowerment implementation of workers voice grievance platform at strategic manufacturing partners satisfaction rate from workers who raised a grievance through workers voice training number of training sessions fundamental performance advanced monitoring total number of audits initial assessment performance audits environmental assessments enforcement number of warning letters first warning number of warning letters second warning number of warning letters third and final warning number of business relationship terminations for compliance reasons factories that were directly rejected after the first visit i. e.  with no chance of being visited a second time and facto ries that were rejected after initial assessments but which were given a chance for a second visit

Score 0.418
this included the introduction of a us regulatory compliance database which allows individual business entities and production locations to be screened against trade sanctions and forced labor risk data.  we automated this process by linking our inhouse sustainable material traceability system to this platform enabling us to track the risk of forced labor in our supply chain.  we also continued to roll out an internal reporting tool to identify and evaluate the potential presence of ilo forced labor indicators.  we started in china where all our tier to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t manufacturing partners our nominated tier material suppliers and targeted tier spinning mills were assessed against these ilo indicators.  none of the suppliers assessed showed evi dence of forced labor

Score 0.418
we believe that moving toward achieving the targets we have defined for and beyond will set us up for future success.  engaging closely with our suppliers remains critical to achieving our targets.  we are therefore leveraging our longterm relationships with suppliers to ensure they can help us achieve our decarbonization targe ts and we are also working closely with partners to scale innovative materials recycling technologies and circular business practices across the value chain.  to o ur sha reho l ders gro up man a gemen t rep o rt o ur co mpa n y gro up man a gemen t rep o rt fin a n cial review co n so l ida ted fin an cia l sta temen ts a ddition a l in fo rma tion a n n u a l r e p o r t targets for and beyond environmental impacts target year area target baseline own operations emissions achievement of climate neutrality co e water water intensity reduction mm waste waste diversion rate supply chain energy adoption of renewable energy at strategic tier and tier supplier facilities to keep emissions flat water water consumption intensity reduction at tier supplier facilities chemicals input of chemical formulations used by our suppliers for production achieve the highest level of conformance with zdhc mrsl level wastewater output of suppliers that operate onsite effluents plants to achieve zdhc wastewater foundational level product sustainable article offering out of articles will be sustainable meaning that they are to a significant degree made with environmentally preferred materials decarbonization reduction of ghg emissions per product entire value chain from raw material production to own operations reduction of ghg emissions achievement of climate neutrality co e targets received approval by the science based targets initiative sbti.  we will resubmit these targets to sbti for approval throughout

Score 0.418
we use global reporting standards such as the guidelines of the global reporting initiative gri and the sustainability accountability standards board sa sb to inform our external nonfinancial reporting.  we regularly disclose additional information to publicfacing social and environmental benchmarks such as the corporate human rights benchmark and reporting platforms such as cdp and publish importan t sustainability updates about our work throughout the year on our corporate channels including our corporate website.  a key element is the publication of our global supplier factory list which is updated twice a year.  in addition we disclose the names of the factories of suppliers that process materials for our primary suppliers and subcontractors where the majority of wet processes are carried out.  over the last few years we have placed particular emphasis on further evolving climaterelated reporti ng beyond established disclosures including cdp submissions and have continued to stepwise include the task force on climaterelated financial disclosures tcfd recommendations addressing the frameworks four thematic areas governance strategy ri sk management as well as metrics and targets