Scores_n_ADMINISTRATIVE AND SUPPORT SERVICE ACTIVITIESScore 0.584
More information on the divisions products and activities is contained in the following table 

Score 0.58
Activities of the Segments 

Score 0.569
Products and Activities of the Divisions 

Score 0.546
 Special items of segments Special items of Enabling Functions and Consolidation Special items

Score 0.528
Sales of goods and servicesPurchase of goodsand servicesReceivablesLiabilities

Score 0.496
A. Taxonomyeligible activities A. Environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned Turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned A. Of which enabling Of which transitional A. Taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities Manufacture of medicinal products Turnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities A. Turnover of taxonomyeligible activities A.A. B. Taxonomynoneligible activities Turnover of taxonomynoneligible activities Total 

Score 0.496
 such as Group Finance Human Resources and Information Technology serve as Groupwide competence centers and bundle business support processes and services for the divisions. Our Leaps by Bayer unit which invests in disruptive innovations also forms part of the enabling functions. 

Score 0.478
Changes in the various provision categories in were as follows 

Score 0.472
A. Taxonomyeligible activities A. Environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned OpEx of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned A. Of which enabling Of which transitional A. Taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities Manufacture of medicinal products OpEx of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities A. OpEx of taxonomyeligible activities A.A. B. Taxonomynoneligible activities OpEx of taxonomynoneligible activities Total 

Score 0.467
.. Business Development by Division 

Score 0.467
A. Taxonomyeligible activities A. Environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned CapEx of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned A. Of which enabling Of which transitional A. Taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities Construction extension and operation of waste water collection and treatment .Renewal of waste water collection and treatment .Transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles .Renovation of existing buildings .Installation maintenance and repair of energy efficiency equipment .Installation maintenance and repair of instruments and devices for measuring regulation and controlling energy performance of buildings .Acquisition and ownership of buildings .Manufacture of medicinal products CapEx of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities A. .CapEx of taxonomyeligible activities A.A. B. Taxonomynoneligible activities CapEx of taxonomynoneligible activities Total 

Score 0.465
Board of Management member Subject areas for individual targets 

Score 0.463
Financing activities 

Score 0.462
operational business units

Score 0.458
Land andbuildingsPlant installationsand machineryFurniture fixtures and other equipmentConstruction in progress and advance paymentsTotalCost of acquisition or construction December Acquisitions Capital expenditures Retirements Transfers Transfers IFRS Divestmentschanges in the scope of consolidation Inflation adjustment IAS Exchange differences December Accumulated depreciation and impairment December Retirements Depreciation and impairment losses Depreciation Impairment losses Impairment loss reversals Transfers Transfers IFRS Divestmentschanges in the scope of consolidation Inflation adjustment IAS Exchange differences December Carrying amounts December Carrying amounts December 

Score 0.458
Net sales Increase or decrease in inventories of finished goods and work in process Other own work capitalized Other operating income Cost of materials Personnel expenses Writedowns on intangible assets and property plant and equipment Other operating expenses Operating income Income from investments in affiliated companies net Interest incomeexpense net Other financial incomeexpense net Nonoperating income Income taxes and other taxes Income after taxesnet income Allocation to other retained earnings Distributable profit 

Score 0.454
Business Development by Division

Score 0.453
Traderelated provisions are recorded mainly for obligations related to services performed but not yet invoiced and to sales commissions not recognized under trade accounts payable. 

Score 0.447
 in the divisions and enabling functions. 

Score 0.446
Miscellaneous receivables contained other advanced payments for services amounting to million million. Other receivables are stated net of impairment losses of million million. 

Score 0.445
Q Q ChangeChangeNet sales . .Cost of goods sold ..Selling expenses ..Research and development expenses ..General administration expenses ..Other operating incomeexpenses ..EBIT

Score 0.444
.This iscalculated by adding the core financial result to core EBIT. Special items in the financial result include nonrecurring financial expenses or income that are not part of our normal financing activities. These primarily pertain to changes in the fair value of equity instruments that are not held for medium or long

Score 0.444
Gains on retirements of noncurrent assets Income from reversal of impairment losses on receivables Income from reversal of unutilized provisions Gains from derivatives Sales revenues from products acquired through barter transactions Miscellaneous operating income Total 

Score 0.44
Financial statements auditing Auditrelated services and other audit work Tax consultancy Other services Total 

Score 0.438
 show the development of the operational business irrespective of the effects of special items i.e. special effects for the Bayer Group with regard to their nature and magnitude. These may include acquisition costs divestments litigations restructuring integration costs impairment losses and impairment loss reversals. In the calculation of EBIT before special items and EBITDA before special items special charges are added and special gains subtracted. 

Score 0.437
 EBITDA before special items of segments EBITDA before special items of Enabling Functions and Consolidation EBITDA before special items

Score 0.436
These responsibilities of the executive directors of the Company include the selection and application of appropriate methods regarding the additional nonfinancial information and the use of assumptions and estimates for individual nonfinancial information which are reasonable under the given circumstances. In addition the executive directors are responsible for such internal control as they have determined necessary to enable the preparation of a nonfinancial reporting that is free from material misstatement whether due to fraud i.e. fraudulent nonfinancial reporting or error. The EU Taxonomy Regulation and the Delegated Acts issued thereunder contain wording and terms that are still subject to considerable interpretation uncertainties and for which clarifications have not yet been published in every case. Therefore the executive directors have laid down their own interpretation of the EU Taxonomy Regulation and of the Delegated Acts adopted thereon in section . of the combined management report. They are responsible for the justifiability of this interpretation. The legal conformity of the interpretation is subject to uncertainties due to the immanent risk that undefined legal terms may be interpreted differently. The preciseness and completeness of environmental data of the additional nonfinancial information is subject to inherent restrictions resulting from the way the data was collected and calculated and from assumptions made. 

Score 0.435
 EBIT of segments EBIT of Enabling Functions and Consolidation EBIT

Score 0.43
Our operating expenditure with respect to research and development shortterm leasing and maintenance and repair amounted to million in million. Taxonomyeligible operating expenditure amounted to million million and taxonomynoneligible operating expenditure amounted to million million. The proportion of taxonomyeligible operating expenditure therefore came to . . Due to the simplified reporting requirements for with respect to the four environmental objectives to be applied for the first time there is no taxonomyaligned operating expenditure to disclose. 

Score 0.43
A. Taxonomyeligible activities A. Environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned Turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned A. Of which enabling Of which transitional A. Taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities EL NELEL NEL EL NELEL NELEL NELEL NELManufacture of medicinal products PPC ..NELNEL NELELNELNELTurnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities A. . .Turnover of taxonomyeligible activities A.A. . .B. Taxonomynoneligible activities Turnover of taxonomynoneligible activities .Total 

Score 0.428
 Selected items forming part of the line item in the statement of financial position items that were predominantly noninterestbearing or nonoperating in nature were eliminated from capital employed. 

Score 0.422
Other Operating Expenses 

Score 0.422
Other operating expenses

Score 0.421
. Other operating expenses 

Score 0.421
 Y Yes activity is taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective N No activity is taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective EL eligible activity is taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective NEL not eligible activity is not taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective. 

Score 0.421
A. Taxonomyeligible activities A. Environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned OpEx of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned A. Of which enabling Of which transitional A. Taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities EL NELEL NEL EL NELEL NELEL NELEL NELManufacture of medicinal products PPC ..NELNEL NELELNELNELOpEx of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities A. . .OpEx of taxonomyeligible activities A.A. . .B. Taxonomynoneligible activities OpEx of taxonomynoneligible activities .Total 

Score 0.421
The total operating expenditure identified as being taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned is shown in the following table 

Score 0.42
CarryingamountInterest and repaymentFinancial liabilities Bonds Liabilities to banks Remaining liabilities Trade accounts payable Other liabilities Accrued interest on liabilities Remaining liabilities Liabilities from derivatives With gross settlement Cash outflows Cash inflows With net settlement Cash inflowsoutflows Loan commitments Financial guarantees Total 

Score 0.417
.. ... . Intersegment sales Net sales total EBIT

Score 0.417
Monetary items such as receivables and liabilities that are denominated in currencies other than a Group companys functional currency are measured at closing rates. Related exchange differences are recognized as exchange gains or losses under other financial income or expenses. 

Score 0.417
. . . .Intersegment sales Net sales total EBIT

Score 0.415
Note Net sales Cost of goods sold Gross profit Selling expenses Research and development expenses General administration expenses Other operating income Other operating expenses EBIT

Score 0.415
. Discontinued operations assets and liabilities held for sale and divestments 

Score 0.413
Income expense gains and losses on financial instruments can be assigned to the following categories 

Score 0.412
. Other operating income 

Score 0.411
Other operating income was comprised as follows 

Score 0.411
 Following the partial sale of Environmental Science the remaining parts of that business Industrial Turf Ornamental ITO and Lawn Garden are being reported under Other from onwards. 

Score 0.41
A. Taxonomyeligible activities A. Environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned CapEx of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned A. Of which enabling Of which transitional A. Taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities EL NELEL NEL EL NELEL NELEL NELEL NELConstruction extension and operation of waste water collection and treatment CCM .ELNEL NELNELNELNELRenewal of waste water collection and treatment CCM ..ELNEL NELNELNELNELTransport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles CCM ..ELNEL NELNELNELNELRenovation of existing buildings CCM ..ELNEL NELNELNELNELInstallation maintenance and repair of energy efficiency equipment CCM ..ELNEL NELNELNELNELInstallation maintenance and repair of instruments and devices for measuring regulation and controlling energy performance of buildings CCM .ELNEL NELNELNELNELAcquisition and ownership of buildings CCM ..ELNEL NELNELNELNELManufacture of medicinal products PPC ..NELNEL NELELNELNELCapEx of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities A. .. .CapEx of taxonomyeligible activities A.A. .. .B. Taxonomynoneligible activities CapEx of taxonomynoneligible activities .Total 

Score 0.41
 Interest held in noncontrolling interests . . . . . .Equity attributable to noncontrolling interest Dividends paid to noncontrolling interest Noncurrent assets Current assets Noncurrent liabilities Current liabilities Sales Income after income taxes of which attributable to noncontrolling interest Total comprehensive income of which attributable to noncontrolling interest Net cash provided by used in operating activities Net cash provided by used in investing activities Net cash provided by used in financing activities 

Score 0.409
The changes recognized in profit or loss were included in other operating incomeexpenses as well as in the financial result in interest income exchange gains or losses and other financial income and expenses. 

Score 0.409
 and the divisions concerned. The order in which the risks are listed does not imply any order of importance. We also describe opportunities and risks of a divisionspecific nature where relevant. The divisions mentioned are those that have identified material risks. Other divisions may also be affected to a lesser extent. Material risks reported by enabling functions are categorized under Group although they may also affect the divisions. 

Score 0.408
TotalInterest income Interest expense Incomeexpenses from affiliated companies Changes in fair value Impairment losses Impairment loss reversals Exchange gainslosses Gainslosses from retirements Other financial incomeexpenses Net result 

Score 0.405
Segment Activities 

Score 0.404
. Production. RD. Marketing distribution

Score 0.402
DeferredtaxassetsDeferredtaxliabilitiesDeferredtaxassetsDeferredtaxliabilitiesIntangible assets Property plant and equipment Financial assets Inventories Receivables Other assets Provisions for pensions and other postemployment benefits Other provisions Liabilities Tax loss and interest carryforwards Tax credits Setoff Total 

Score 0.402
. Overview of Business Performance 

Score 0.401
Interest and similar expenses of which interest expense relating to nonfinancial liabilities Interest and similar income of which interest income relating to nonfinancial assets Total 

Score 0.401
Miscellaneous provisions include those for interest payments on income taxes and other taxes for other liabilities except where these are allocable to other provision categories and for decommissioning and similar obligations. A sensitivity analysis undertaken for certain provisions that examined the impact of a fivepercentagepoint change in the probabilities of occurrence in each case did not produce any material deviations from the amount of provisions established. 

Score 0.4
Indicationapplicationbusiness Core activities and markets Main products and brands

Score 0.4
Other operating expenses were comprised as follows 

Score 0.043
Measurement parameters and their sensitivities 

Score 0.192
A decline in capital market interest rates especially for highquality corporate bonds would increase the defined benefit obligation. This effect would be at least partially offset by the ensuing increase in the market values of the corresponding debt instruments held. 

Score 0.114
Maturity Analysis of Financial Instruments 

Score 0.198
Parameters for Benefit Obligations 

Score 0.043
GermanyOther countriesTotal 

Score 0.267
 Pension obligations Discount rate ..... .of which USA ... .of which UK ... .Projected future salary increases ..... .Projected future benefit increases ..... .Other postemployment benefit obligations Discount rate ... .

Score 0.135
The Heubeck RT G mortality tables were used in Germany the MP Mortality Tables in the United States and of SNMA and of SNFA in the United Kingdom. The projected future benefit increase in Germany was adjusted to . and would have been . based on the previous estimate method which had combined longterm expectations and cumulative inflation in a uniform benefit increase rate .. The estimate method was refined compared with the previous years to directly account for cumulative inflation up to the next benefit increase when measuring the individual obligations in question. The refined process thus takes into account cumulative inflation and longterm inflation forecasts demographic specifics as well as the adjustment mechanism at Bayer. The refinement increased the defined benefit obligation by million at the expense of other comprehensive income. 

Score 0.168
The following weighted parameters were used to measure the obligations for pensions and other postemployment benefits as of December of the respective year 

Score 0.162
Since a large proportion of the defined benefit obligations comprises lifelong pensions or surviving dependents pensions longer claim periods or earlier claims may result in higher benefit obligations higher benefit expense andor higher pension payments than previously anticipated. 

Score 0.047
Interestrate risk 

Score 0.142
If the actual return on plan assets were below the return anticipated on the basis of the discount rate the funded status of defined benefit plans would decrease assuming there were no changes in other parameters. This could happen as a result of a drop in share prices increases in market rates of interest for certain bonds default of individual debtors or the purchase of lowrisk but lowinterest bonds for example. 

Score 0.124
Investment risks 

Score 0.201
Sensitivity of Benefit Obligations 

Score 0.008
Demographicbiometric risks 

Score 0.192
The risks from defined benefit plans arise partly from the defined benefit obligations and partly from the investment in plan assets. These risks include the possibility that additional contributions will have to be made to plan assets in order to meet current and future pension obligations and negative effects on provisions and equity. 

Score 0.268
Plan assets included assets with a carrying amount of million million whose fair values are not determined based on quoted prices in active markets. The plan assets in Germany included real estate leased by Group companies recognized at a fair value of million million and Bayer AG shares and bonds held through investment funds recognized at their fair values of million million and million million respectively. The other plan assets comprised mortgage loans granted other receivables and qualified insurance policies. 

Score 0.339
Plan assets based on quoted prices in active markets Real estate and special real estate funds Equities and equity funds Callable debt instruments Noncallable debt instruments Bond funds Derivatives Cash and cash equivalents Other Plan assets for which quoted prices in active markets are not available Real estate and special real estate funds Equities and equity funds Callable debt instruments Noncallable debt instruments Bond funds Derivatives Cash and cash equivalents Other Total plan assets 

Score 0.286
Pension obligationsOther postemployment obligationsGermanyOther countriesOther countries

Score 0.029
Fair Value of Plan Assets as of December 

Score 0.21
The fair value of the plan assets to cover pension and other postemployment benefit obligations was as follows 

Score 0.148
on a proposal from the responsible actuary. It takes into account the differences between the actuarial estimates and the actual values for the factors used to determine liabilities and contributions. Bayer may also adjust the company contribution in agreement with the plans executive committee and its supervisory board acting on a proposal from the responsible actuary. The plans liability is governed by Section Paragraph Sentence of the German Law on the Improvement of Occupational Pensions BetrAVG. This means that if the pension plan exercises its right under the articles of association to reduce benefits each participating employer has to make up the resulting difference. Bayer is not liable for the obligations of participating employers outside the Bayer Group even if they cease to participate in the plan. Pension entitlements for people who joined Bayer in Germany in or later are granted via Rheinische Pensionskasse VVaG Germany. Future pension payments from this definedbenefit multiemployer plan are based on contributions and the return on plan assets a guaranteed interest rate applies. All of the German Insurance Supervision Act regulations and BetrAVG provisions described in the section above on BayerPensionskasse apply analogously to Rheinische Pensionskasse. Another important financing vehicle is Bayer Pension Trust e. V. BPT Germany. This covers further retirement provision arrangements of the Bayer Group such as deferred compensation pension obligations previously administered by Schering Altersversorgung Treuhand e. V. Germany and components of other direct commitments. The defined benefit pension plans in the United States are frozen and no significant new entitlements can be earned under these plans. The assets of all the US pension plans are held by a master trust for reasons of efficiency. The applicable regulatory framework is based on the Employee Retirement Income Security Act ERISA which includes a statutory minimum funding requirement to avoid benefit restrictions. The actuarial risks such as investment risk interestrate risk and longevity risk remain with the company. The defined benefit pension plans in the United Kingdom have been closed to new members for some years. Plan assets in the UK are administered by independent trustees who are legally obligated to act solely in the interests of the beneficiaries. A technical assessment is performed every three years in line with UK regulations. This serves as the basis for developing a plan to cover any potential financing requirements. Here too the actuarial risks remain with the company. The other postemployment benefit obligations outside Germany mainly comprised healthcare benefit payments for retirees in the United States. 

Score 0.196
Group companies provide retirement benefits for most of their employees either directly or by contributing to privately or publicly administered funds. The benefits vary depending on the legal fiscal and economic conditions of each country. A substantial part of the pension entitlements consists of defined contribution obligations where the minimum benefit amount is based directly on the contribution level. The obligations relate both to existing retirees pensions and to pension entitlements of future retirees. Bayer has set up funded pension plans for its employees in various countries. The most appropriate investment strategy is determined for each defined benefit pension plan based on the risk structure of the obligations especially demographics the current funded status the structure of the expected future cash flows interest sensitivity biometric risks etc. the regulatory environment and the existing level of risk tolerance or risk capacity. A strategic target investment portfolio is then developed in line with the plans risk structure taking capital market factors into consideration. Further determinants are risk diversification portfolio efficiency and the need for both a countryspecific and a global riskreturn profile centered on ensuring the payment of all future benefits. As the capital investment strategy for each pension plan is developed individually in light of the planspecific conditions listed above the investment strategies for different pension plans may vary considerably. The investment strategies are generally aligned less toward maximizing absolute returns and more toward the maximum probability of being able to finance pension commitments over the long term. For pension plans stress scenarios are simulated and other risk analyses such as value at risk undertaken with the aid of risk management systems. BayerPensionskasse VVaG Germany BayerPensionskasse is one of the most significant postemployment benefit plans. It has been closed to new members since . This legally independent fund is regarded as a life insurance company and therefore is subject to the German Insurance Supervision Act. The benefit obligations covered by BayerPensionskasse comprise retirement surviving dependents and disability pensions. It constitutes a definedbenefit multiemployer plan to which the active members and their employers contribute. The company contribution is a certain percentage of the employee contribution. This percentage is the same for all participating employers including those outside the Bayer Group and is set by agreement between the plans executive committee and its supervisory board acting 

Score 0.204
Pension and other postemployment benefit obligations 

Score 0.259
The parameter sensitivities were computed by expert actuaries based on a detailed evaluation similar to that performed to obtain the data presented in Table B . Altering individual parameters by . percentage points or mortality by per beneficiary while leaving the other parameters unchanged would have impacted pension and other postemployment benefit obligations as of yearend as follows 

Score 0.238
The following table shows the impact on other postemployment benefit obligations and total benefit expense of a onepercentagepoint change in the assumed cost increase rates 

Score 0.043
GermanyOther countriesTotal

Score 0.313
IncreaseDecreaseIncreaseDecreaseIncreaseDecreasePension obligations .pt. change in discount rate .pt. change in projected future salary increases .pt. change in projected future benefit increases change in mortality Other postemployment benefit obligations .pt. change in discount rate change in mortality 

Score 0.216
Provisions for environmental protection are mainly established for the expected costs of ensuring compliance with environmental regulations remediation work on contaminated land recultivation of landfills and redevelopment and water protection measures. 

Score 0.221
Environmental protection 

Score 0.231
The fair values of the main derivatives in the major categories as of yearend are indicated in the following table together with the included volumes of hedges 

Score 0.012
Fair Values of Derivatives 

Score 0.196
The provisions were partly offset by reimbursement claims in the amount of million million which were recognized as receivables. These reimbursement claims primarily related to product liability. 

Score 0.295
Other taxesEnvironmentalprotectionRestructuringTraderelatedcommitmentsLitigationsPersonnelcommitmentsMiscellaneousTotalJanuary Additions Utilization Reversal Interest cost Exchange differences December of which current 

Score 0.363
Changes in Other Provisions 

Score 0.031
Dec. Dec. Fair valueFair value

Score 0.304
. Other provisions 

Score 0.018
The weighted average term of the pension obligations is . years . years in Germany and . years . years in other countries. The weighted average term of the obligations for other postemployment benefits in other countries is . years . years. 

Score 0.084
GermanyOther countries Other countriesTotalGermanyOther countriesOther countriesTotal 

Score 0.321
Payments out of plan assetsPayments by the company PensionsOther postemploymentbenefitsPensionsOther postemploymentbenefits

Score 0.109
Future Benefit Payments 