<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## CONTENTS

| - 01 CORPORATE PROFILE  - 02 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS  - 04 BUSINESS SEGMENTS  - 06 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY  - 07 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS  - 08 PERFORMANCE REVIEW  - 11 BOARD OF DIRECTORS  - 15 KEY MANAGEMENT  - 16 GROUP STRUCTURE  - 18 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT  - 40 CORPORATE INFORMATION  - 41 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT  - 66 DIRECTORS' STATEMENT  - 70 INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT  - 76 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  - 152 STATISTICS OF SHAREHOLDINGS  - 154 NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

This Annual Report has been reviewed by the Company's Sponsor, SAC Capital Private Limited (the 'Sponsor' ).

This Annual Report has not been examined or approved by the Singapore Exchange Trading Limited ( 'Exchange' ) and the Exchange assumes no responsibility for the contents of this Annual Report, including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this Annual Report.

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms. Charmian Lim    (Telephone no.: +65 6232 3210) at 1 Robinson Road, #21- 00 AIA Tower, Singapore 048542.

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## CORPORATE PROFILE

## Advancer Global's Vision is to be the pre-eminent solutions provider, known for our technology innovations, professional and excellent services and best practices.

Advancer Global Limited ( 前进集团有限公司 ) and together  with  its  subsidiaries  and  associated companies ( 'Advancer Global' or  the 'Group' ), is  a  leading  integrated  solutions  provider  that specialises in providing workforce solutions and facilities management services.

The Group has two core business segments:

- (1) Employment Services division, and
- (2) Facilities Management Services division which encompasses the Building Management Services and Security Services.

The  Group  operates  its  employment  services business under Advancer Global Manpower . Through its  established  brands, 'Nation', Advancer Global Manpower provides integrated and comprehensive employment solutions and services including sourcing, recruitment, training and deployment of foreign domestic workers to households. The Group has also expanded to provide staffing and recruitment services to  corporations  in  Japan  through  our  associated company, Fullcast International Co. , Ltd.

Our broad-based facilities management services under Advancer Global Facility include  cleaning and stewarding, property and facility management, property valuation, pest control and fumigation, waste management and recycling, landscaping and aquascaping. These business divisions allow Advancer  Global  Facility  to  provide  a  holistic and integrated facilities management solution to serve the diverse needs of our customers across residential  and  commercial  properties,  schools, hospitals and hotels.

Another strategic business segment is the provision of security services under Advancer Global Security . Through its established subsidiaries, the Group provides manpower and smart security solutions integrated with technology to residential, commercial and  industrial  properties  as  well  as  security consultancy services, security related training and traffic control services.

The Group's competitive edge lies in its dedication and successful integration of its diverse offerings of workforce solutions and staffing services across its three main business categories, allowing the Group to deliver a customised holistic suite of solutions and services for our customers.

Advancer Global is listed on the Catalist Board of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited ( 'SGX-ST' ) on 11 July 2016 under stock code 43Q.

More information can be found on our website at https://advancer.sg.

<!-- image -->

## LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

## DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,

The  past  year  has  been  an  exciting  and  challenging time for Advancer Global Limited (' Advancer Global ' or the  ' Company '  and  together  with  its  subsidiaries  and associate companies, collectively the ' Group ') against a backdrop of economic volatility, inflationary impacts, and global supply chain pressures. We would like to express our appreciation to our hardworking team and our loyal customers,  as  well  as  our  dedicated  shareholders  who have  continued  to  support  us  through  thick  and  thin during this challenging year.

## The Year in Review

Our Employment  Services doubled the number  of cases  completed  in  FY2022  compared  to  the  previous year when borders were yet to be fully restored.  More customers  were  using our home  services and  the opening of a new branch in Toa Payoh in 2022 to bring our  services  closer  to  employers  has  created  some buzz among those staying in the vicinity and who have time-constraints.  As  one  of  the  largest  maid  agencies in Singapore, Nation is always listening on the ground and the quality of Migrant Domestic Workers (' MDWs ') in terms of their skills was a key consideration for our customers.  As  a  result  of  such  feedback,  we  launched Nation  Club  (https://nation.club/)  during  the  year  to provide an online training platform for self-learning by MDWs to help them manage the household chores more efficiently, sharing of our knowledge to better care for infants/young children, the elderly and family members who  are  physically  challenged  as  well  as  personal improvement courses.

Advancer  Global's  subsidiaries  under  Building Management Services  were  gaining  back  its customers due to healthier growth in the food and beverage and hospitality industries. The increase in  tourist  arrivals  had  led  to  higher  occupancy rates and demand for more room attendants while cleaning contracts from commercial and residential properties expanded to include height cleaning and robot-aided cleaning. Despite an increase in disinfection and fumigation projects, our security and landscape subsidiaries reported weaker results mainly due to manpower and costing challenges. Nevertheless,  the renewal of long-term contracts together  with  new  contracts  from  residential properties and the uptake for traffic marshals kept these subsidiaries going.

ADVANCER GLOBAL LIMITED

On the technology front, the Company is also pleased to report on the achievements of our smart technology subsidiary which had early success implementing 5,000 Internet of Things (' IoT ')  sensors  in  multiple  buildings in  Singapore.  One  of  the  use  cases  is  in  the  Central Business  District,  such  that  the  building  deploys  their sensory solution to monitor visitors' capacity for crowd management.    The  company  also  actively  involved  in developing sustainable solutions in line with Singapore Green  Plan  2030.    The  company  is  working  with  a renowned  property  developer  to  create  an  innovative energy solution to reduce Scope 2 Carbon Emission.

## Operating Results

For the year under review, the Group reported an increase in revenue by S$3.0 million or 4.9 percent from S$60.1 million in FY2021 to S$63.1 million. Despite the efforts, a net loss of S$4.67 million was recorded in FY2022 or 13.6 percent increase from a net loss of S$4.11 million in FY2021. The negative results were mainly due to an increase in cost of sales by S$3.1 million from S$46.7 million in FY2021 to S$49.8 million in FY2022 which was in line with the revenue increase in Employment Services and Building Management Services. Contributing factors included increased MDW recruitment costs to overseas recruiters,  wage-related  increase  to  comply  with  the Progressive  Wage  Model  (' PWM ')  as  well  as  increased hirings for new subsidiaries.

## Adapt and Thrive for the Future

Facilities tripartite, union and industry push for higher wages for security, cleaning and landscape sector directly impacts the business margin for the  Group.  While  the  Group  remains  optimistic about the post pandemic recovery in the facilities management environment, a strategic response for integrated workforce solution as well as the tactical response for digital and technology adoption will provide the business roadmap for all operational subsidiaries.  An  important  transformation  was the  launch  of  Advancer  IFM  Pte.  Ltd.  (' AIFM ') (formerly known as Ashtree International Pte. Ltd.) in 2023 as an Integrated Facilities Management (' IFM ') provider. IFM is a comprehensive workforce solution to managing multiple services that are complementary to maintain a facility  or  group of  facilities.  By  outsourcing  the  management of  all  non-core  services  to  a  single  vendor  or

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

service  provider  such  as  AIFM,  facility  owners can  enjoy  cost  savings  and  optimised  service delivery. Increased transparency and simplified vendor management will also ensure the smooth operation of the facility.

The Group believes there is synergy for subsidiaries i n   c l e a n i n g   a n d   s t e w a r d i n g ,   p e s t   c o n t r o l   a n d f umigation,  landscape  and  gardening  as  well as  security  services  as  bundled  services  under AIFM. Rising labour costs, as a result of the PWM adjustments ranges from 20 to 25 percent from 2024 to 2028. With AIFM, mitigating the rising cost of labour, equipment and supplies will help these divisions to remain competitive and sustainable. AIFM  will  also  work  collaboratively  with  the Group's property management subsidiaries as an internal stakeholder to offer IFM services. More importantly, via AIFM, the Group will be able to reimagine, innovate and leverage on technology such as IoT, robotics, artificial intelligence and data  analytics  to  improve  facility  management processes and operational efficiency, while allowing for scalability. Providing real-time insights and dashboard  user  interfaces  can  assist  facility managers to  make  better  informed  decisions, manage costs more efficiently and enhance users' experience.

High staff turnover and attracting talent will be a challenge with border re-opening and personnel migration. To mitigate against the personnel and experience outflow, the Group retains a skilled and knowledgeable operational workforce at our subsidiaries.  To attract and retain talent, AIFM i ntroduces  IFM  specialist  pathways  for  career advancement and promotion as well as embarking on career conversion opportunities and programmes with  Workforce  Singapore.  The  Group's  vision i s   t o   h e l p   o u r   c l i e n t s   g r o w   t h e i r   b u s i n e s s   t o smart cities of the future with Advancer as their preferred partner through digital transformation and people-powered workforce solutions, in line with our motto, 'Enabling cities of the future'.

Diversity is on the cards for our smart technology colleagues who have developed the smart toilet, IoT solutions and the Smart MEP solution (Smart Power Trip system, Smart water leak detection), all  of  which  have  been  deployed  with  success. The challenge is to now achieve net zero energy building  for  a  major  client.  Net  zero  is  about conserving water, reduce energy use and eliminating

## LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

solid waste - some of the ways to improve the environment,  resulting  in  savings,  and  a  more sustainable and resilient community. As of today, Advancer Global's  smart  technology  subsidiary has achieved Singapore Green Building Council Green Certification for some of its sensors.

As  the  demand  for  domestic  helpers  gradually resume to pre-COVID levels, Employment Services will be launching a new ERP solution in the second quarter of 2023 to shorten the application process, thereby saving time and freeing the consultants from  heavy  paperwork  and  focus  on  delivering customer  service.  Meantime,  Nation  Club  will continue to put out more online training contents to enhance the essential skills of MDWs in their day-to-day  work  as  well  as  knowledge-based training connected to real life situations such as grocery shopping.

## Acknowledgement

We will continue to build and grow the Group's businesses to create value for our shareholders by continuing to invest and strengthen our team, our products and services, uphold our high standards in  customer  service  while  remaining  agile  and adaptable to the changing environment.

We would also like to acknowledge the contributions and valuable guidance from our Board members during the year with special mention to Mr. Francis Yau, our Independent Non-Executive Director who will be retiring at the upcoming Annual General Meeting.

We look forward to your  continued  support  as we ride through this current landscape to bring Advancer Global to greater heights in the years to come.

## Danny Lim

Independent Non-Executive Chairman

## Gary Chin

Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director

## BUSINESS SEGMENTS

## OUR BUSINESS MODEL

Advancer Global's business model and value proposition lie in high-touch and dedicated workforce solutions and services, infused with technology enhancement to provide its wide base of customers with well-trained manpower, greater convenience, faster responses, and higher mobility. Sensors development, machine learning and data analysis enable the Group to turn enormous amounts of unstructured data captured through daily operations into decisions that permit operational efficiencies and effectiveness in the most economical manner.

Advancer Global is organised into two main business divisions: (i) Employment Services; and (ii) Facilities Management Services which encompasses the Building Management Services and Security Services.

## Employment Services

Operating under an established brand name 'Nation', the  Group  maintained its  position  as  one  of  the leading  employment agencies for the sourcing, recruitment, training, and deployment of MDWs to Singapore households.  Advancer Global's dedication to servicing its customers' needs has enabled it to build strong relationships with its customers, which is evidenced by numerous referrals from its existing customers and more than 80,000 placements since Nation's inception nearly 30 years ago. Nation has by  far  the  largest  database  of  MDWs'  biodata  for potential employers to search and select the most appropriate candidate based on their preferences, household needs and caregiving requirements.

For  the  financial year  under  review,  Employment Services had increased the number of MDWs placed out to households in Singapore due to (i) the gradual re-opening of our borders in Singapore and source countries since April 2022 and (ii) the opening of a new branch in Toa Payoh in addition to the two existing branches in Jurong and Tampines.

## Building Management Services

The momentum to enhance our presence in the IFM industry  continued  into  the  financial year  under review. The growth was mainly attributable to the acquisition of two property companies in FY2022 which resulted in an expanded portfolio of residential,

ADVANCER GLOBAL LIMITED

commercial, and industrial properties under our management as well as from our disinfection and fumigation projects. Advancer is now one of the largest Managing Agent (' MA ')  in  Singapore with more than 175 properties under our management.

Supporting the IFM growth strategy are a comprehensive suite  of  solutions  offered  by Advancer  Global's subsidiaries and associated companies. These include:

- (i) cleaning and stewarding services (Master Clean Facility Services Pte. Ltd., World Clean Facility Services Pte. Ltd. , First  Stewards Pte. Ltd and Advancer Smart Technology Pte. Ltd.);
- (ii) property consultancy, property, and facilities management services (Newman &amp; Goh Property Consultants Pte. Ltd., Newman &amp; Associates Pte. Ltd.,  SRE  Global  Pte. Ltd., SRE Management Services Pte. Ltd., SRE Property &amp; Facility Pte. Ltd. and Our Express Pte. Ltd.);
- (iii)  specialised pest control services such as fumigation, elimination of pest infestations and disinfection services (Premier  EcoCare Pte. Ltd. and Prestige International Management Pte. Ltd.);
- (iv)  gardening, landscaping and aquascaping (Country Cousins Pte. Ltd.); and
- (v) waste management and recycling solutions (TEE Environmental Pte. Ltd., TEE Recycling Pte.  Ltd.  and  Envotek  Engineering  Pte. Ltd.').

## Security Services

Advancer's Security Services segment offers integrated comprehensive security solutions built around advanced technology, security advisory and consultancy, security related training, and well-trained security officers through subsidiaries namely KH Security Pte. Ltd., Advancer IFM Pte. Ltd. (previously known as Ashtree International Pte. Ltd.) and AGS Integration Pte. Ltd.

As the world learned to live with COVID-19 as an endemic, the need for quarantine in Singapore has lifted and community care facilities previously set up were gradually wounddown. This has inevitably affected the service income of our security subsidiaries.

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Further,  manpower  shortage  continues  to  be  a perennial problem for the industry, coupled with the PWM and stringent training requirements that remains a challenge to the sustainability of our security subsidiaries.

There have been no significant improvements in the sale of security technology solutions and equipment in  the  financial  year  under  review.  Nevertheless, the  Security  services  segment  will  continue  to work with our IFM colleagues to include security technology solutions as a value-added service to the MA package.

<!-- image -->

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

5

## CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

As a corporate citizen, Advancer Global remains committed to our corporate social responsibility i nitiatives,  with  a  focus  on  sustainability  and community development.  Besides corporate giving, our  outreach  initiatives  support  social  causes and champion advocacy projects. We encourage our employees to make a positive impact on the community  by  volunteering  and  partaking  in community service events.

## Advocacy Projects

Advancer Global continues to be an ardent advocate for fair treatment and empowerment of MDWs to lead meaningful lives during their employment in Singapore. MDWs that were deployed by us and who encountered dire distress were provided with the necessary support such as counselling and working together with the Centre for Domestic Employees and Foreign Domestic Worker Association for Social Support and Training to resolve their issues. We are also supportive of engagement activities organised by the two non-profit organisations for domestic employees to achieve better social integration and upskill training programmes so they can value-add to their workplace.

Our  Independent  Non-Executive  Chairman,  Mr. Danny Lim and Executive Director, Mr. Desmond Chin, sits on the Board of Trustees of the Domestic Employees Welfare Fund set up by the National Trades  Union  Congress  to  improve  the  lives  of domestic employees in Singapore.

## Charity Initiatives

## SMA-Medical Students' Assistance Fund

There are financial assistance schemes and loans which can help pay for the tuition fees of medical students studying in local medical schools. However, students with financial constraints may have to manage their  basic  living  expenses  by  giving tuition or doing part-time jobs at the expense of their own studies.

As  such,  the  SMA-Medical  Students' Assistance Fund was set up as a bursary programme to help the basic daily expenses such as transport, food, books and miscellaneous of these needy medical students. With its donation, Advancer Global hopes to  improve  the  quality  of  life  of  these  student beneficiaries.

ADVANCER GLOBAL LIMITED

## Kaki Bukit Charity Golf 2022

A donation was made to the Kaki Bukit Community Centre to raise funds to help needy families in the vicinity. The funds raised went to the Community Development Welfare Fund for low-income needy families.

(Right to left) Cheque presentation by Gary Chin, CEO of Advancer Global  Limited  to  Shamsul  Kamar,  Chairperson  of  Kaki  Bukit (Aljunied GRC)

<!-- image -->

## Relay for Life 2023

Advancer  Global  sent  a  50-man  strong  team comprising key management and staff from our various subsidiaries in our Group to participate in the Relay for Life 2023 which was a charity run to raise funds for the Singapore Cancer Society. The team collectively ran a total of 265 laps (106 KM).

(Left  to  Right)  Gary  Chin,  CEO  of Advancer  Global  Limited  and Dr  Matthew Yap,  Chief  Operating  Officer  &amp;  General  Counsel  of Advancer IFM Pte Ltd

<!-- image -->

Staff from our subsidiary, Advancer Smart Technology Pte Ltd, with Gary Chin, CEO of Advancer Global Limited

<!-- image -->

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER

| Income Statement (S$'000)  2022  2021  Revenue  63,103  60,132  Gross profit  13,282  13,431  Loss before tax  (4,668)  (4,126)  Profit attributable to owners of the Company  (4,421)  (4,045)  Balance Sheet (S$'000)  Shareholders' equity  36,160  40,867  Total assets  47,115  52,059  Total liabilities  10,971  10,506  Net asset value  36,160  40,867  Net tangible asset value  32,903  35,903  Cash and bank balances  20,797  24,797  Net loans and borrowing  Net Cash  Net Cash  Per Share (Singapore Cents)  Basic losses  (1)  1.76  1.61  Net asset value  (2)  14.40  16.27  Net tangible asset value  (2)  13.10  14.29  Dividends  (2) (3)  -  -  Financial Ratios  Return on equity  (12.23)%  (9.90)%  Return on assets  (9.38)%  (7.77)%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

(1)  For  illustrative  purposes,  basic  earnings  per  share was  computed  based  on  the weighted  average  number  of  ordinary  shares  of 251,188,096 for FY2021 and 251,185,691 for FY2022, respectively.

(2)  For illustration purposes, net asset value per share, net tangible asset per share and dividends per share were computed based on the number of Company's ordinary shares (excluding treasury shares) of 251,185,691 at the end of FY2021 and FY2022 respectively.

(3)  No dividends were declared or recommended for FY2021 and FY2022.

<!-- image -->

## PERFORMANCE REVIEW

## REVENUE

The Group's revenue increased by S$3.0 million or 4.9% from S$60.1 million in FY2021 to S$63.1 million in FY2022 due to the increase in revenue in Employment Services and Building Management Services but offset by a decline in revenue from Security Services. The reasons for the increase of revenue are as follows:

## Employment Services

Revenue from Employment Services increased by S$3.1 million from S$6.6 million recognised in the financial year ended 31 December 2021 (' FY2021 ') to S$9.7 million recognised in the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (' FY2022 '). There was an increase in the number of Migrant Domestic Workers (' MDWs ') that the Group had placed out to households in Singapore in FY2022 as compared to FY2021 due to the gradual re-opening of borders in Singapore and source countries since April 2022. The Employment Services division had in FY2022 opened one (1) branch in Toa Payoh in addition to two (2) branches in Jurong and Tampines.

## Building Management Services

Revenue  from  Building  Management  Services increased by S$2.5 million from S$35.3 million recognised in FY2021 to S$37.8 million recognised in FY2022 mainly due to service income received from  disinfection  and  fumigation  projects  and revenue contribution from the acquisition of 100% of  the  total  issued  and  paid  up  capital  of  SRE Management Pte. Ltd. (' SREM ',  formerly  known as Propmag Management Services Pte. Ltd.), and 100% of the total issued and paid up capital of SRE Property &amp; Facility Pte. Ltd. (' SREP ', previously known as Propmag Property &amp; Facility Pte. Ltd.), through  82%  indirectly  owned  subsidiary  SRE Global Pte. Ltd. (' SRE ') on 15 February 2022.

Collectively, SREM and SREP are the ' New Subsidiaries '.

The increase was offset by a decrease in revenue from gardening and landscaping, as well as general pest control services due to weaker market demand.

ADVANCER GLOBAL LIMITED

## Security Services

Revenue  from  Security  Services  decreased  by S$2.7 million from S$18.3 million recognised in FY2021 to S$15.6 million recognised in FY2022, mainly due to a decrease in service income from community care centers and sale and installation of security equipment.

## COST OF SALES

The increase in the Group's cost of sales by S$3.1 million from S$46.7 million in FY2021 to S$49.8 million in FY2022 was in line with the increase in revenue from Employment Services and Building Management Services. This was mainly due to:

## Employment Services

Increase in cost of sales by approximately S$1.9 million due to increase in recruitment costs paid (or payable) to overseas recruiters and increase in MDW's accommodation expenses and medical check-up expenses.

## Building Management Services

Increase in cost of sales by approximately S$3.2 million due to (a) direct labour costs incurred for additional headcounts from the New Subsidiaries, (b) increase in average wage paid to cleaners to meet the requirement of Progressive Wage Model under  the  Cleaning  Business  License  scheme administered by National Environmental Agency, (c)  subcontractors'  fee  for  the  Group's  cleaning projects  and  incurred  by  New  Subsidiaries,  and (d) depreciation of right-of-use assets in relation to the lease of hostel.

## Security Services

The above-mentioned increase was offset by a decrease in costs of sales from Security Services by approximately S$1.9 million which was in line with the decrease in revenue.

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## GROSS PROFIT

As a result of the foregoing, gross profit decreased by S$0.1 million from S$13.4 million in FY2021 to  S$13.3  million  in  FY2022,  which  was  mainly due to the decrease in gross profit from Building Management Services and Security Services. The Group's gross profit margin was at 22.3% in FY2021 and 21.0% in FY2022.

## OTHER OPERATING INCOME

The  Group's  other  operating  income  decreased by  S$0.7  million  from  S$3.5  million  in  FY2021 to S$2.8 million in FY2022 was mainly due to a decrease in the amount from government grant and credit scheme and other relief subsidies in relation to COVID-19 as a result of revisions made to the schemes, and no gain on bargain purchase arising from acquisition in FY2022. The decrease was partially  offset  by  the  increase  in  interest income from fixed deposits and dividend income received from quoted equity investments.

## ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

Administrative  expenses  remained  relatively consistent for FY2022 at S$20.7 million as compared to S$20.8 million for FY2021.

## PERFORMANCE REVIEW

## FINANCE EXPENSES

Finance expenses decreased by S$18,000 mainly due to the decrease in interest expenses on lease liabilities.

## SHARE OF PROFITS FROM EQUITYACCOUNTED FOR ASSOCIATES

The Group recorded share of loss of S$163,000 from the investment in Fullcast International Co., Ltd. (' Fulllcast ') and Eazable Pte. Ltd (' Eazable ') for  FY2022,  which  was  offset  by  the  share  of profit  of  S$178,000  from  the  investment  in  G3 Environmental Private Limited (' G3 ').

## LOSSES FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR

The  Group's  recorded  a  loss  after  tax  of  S$4.7 million  in  FY2022  compared  to  a  loss  after  tax of S$4.1 million in FY2021.

## CURRENT ASSETS

The Group's current assets decreased by S$3.7 million or 8.5% from S$42.7 million as at 31 December 2021 to S$39.0 million as at 31 December 2022, mainly due to the decrease of (a) trade and other receivables by S$0.2 million, and (b) cash and cash equivalents by S$4.0 million (more details of the cash movement is explained in the review of the Group's Statement of Cash Flows). This was offset by  the  increase  of  investment  in  quoted  shares of S$0.4 million and inventories of S$0.2 million during the financial year.

<!-- image -->

## PERFORMANCE REVIEW

## NON-CURRENT ASSETS

The  Group's  non-current  assets  decreased  by S$1.3  million  or  13.9%  from  S$9.4  million  as at  31  December 2021 to S$8.1 million as at 31 December 2022, mainly due to the (a) decrease in intangible assets due to amortisation during the financial year, (b) decrease in other investments due to  fair  value  loss  recognised  in  FY2022  in relation  to  15%  equity  investment  in Zhe  Jiang Zhi Wu Hui Yun Technology Co. Ltd., (c) decrease in property, plant and equipment due to depreciation for the financial year, and (d) impairment loss of goodwill for its subsidiaries Premier Eco-care Pte. Ltd. and Prestige International Management Pte. Ltd. . The decrease is partially offset by the increase in right-of-use assets due to new leases of office premises,  office  equipment,  motor vehicles  and other operating facilities such as hostels.

The increase in investment in associates was mainly due to the share of profits recognised from G3.

## CURRENT LIABILITIES

The  Group's  current  liabilities  increased  by S$30,000 or  0.3%  as  at  31  December  2022  as compared to 31 December 2021, mainly due to increase  in  (a)  salary  payables  to  directors  and staff, (b) trade payables of subcontractors' fee for cleaning business, (c) accrued operating expenses and, (d) GST payables.

The  increase  was  offset  by  the  decrease  in  (a) contract liabilities from contracts with customers, ( b )   c r e d i t   n o t e s   i s s u e d   t o   c u s t o m e r s   f o r   t h e Employment Services Business, (c) deferred income for government grants and, (d) dividends payable to non-controlling interests.

## NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES

The Group's non-current liabilities increased by S$0.4  million  or  33.1%  from  S$1.3  million  as at  31  December 2021 to S$1.7 million as at 31 December 2022, mainly due to the increase of lease liabilities as a result of new leases entered into during FY2022 which was offset by decreases in deferred tax liabilities and bank borrowing.

ADVANCER GLOBAL LIMITED

## NET ASSET VALUE

Net asset value of the Group decreased by S$4.7 million  from  S$40.9  million  as  at  31  December 2021 to S$36.2 million as at 31 December 2022 due to the reasons set out above.

## REVIEW OF GROUP'S CASH FLOWS NET CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATING

## ACTIVITIES

The Group's net cash generated from operating activities amounted to S$0.2 million for FY2022, which resulted from operating cash flows before movements in working capital of S$0.1 million and decrease in trade and other receivables of S$0.3  million  and  increase  in  trade  and  other payables of S$0.2 million, offset by the decrease in contract liabilities from contract with customers of S$0.3 million and the increase in inventories of S$0.2 million.

## NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Net cash used in investing activities amounted to S$2.3 million for FY2022, which was mainly due to (a) purchase of property, plant and equipment of S$0.5 million relating mainly to (i) renovation of new office premises for the Group's Employment Services and Building Management Services and (ii)  purchase  of  commercial  vehicle  for  Group's Employment Services,  (b)  net  cash  outflow  for the investments in subsidiaries of S$1.0 million relating  to  the  acquisition  of  New  Subsidiaries, (c) cash outflow of S$0.6 million for acquisition of 16% of the issued and paid-up share capital of Newman &amp; Goh Property Consultants Pte Ltd and Newman &amp; Associates Pte. Ltd. and (d) investment in quoted shares of S$0.4 million, offset by dividends received from quoted equity investments of S$0.2 million and proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment of S$0.1 million.

## NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES

Net cash used in financing activities amounted to  S$1.9  million  for  FY2022,  mainly  due  to  (a) payment for  lease  liabilities  of  S$1.8  million and (b) payment of dividends to non-controlling interests of subsidiaries of S$0.1 million.

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

DANNY LIM Independent Non-Executive Chairman

<!-- image -->

Mr.  Danny  Lim  was  appointed  to  the  Board  on 31 December 2019 and is the Independent NonExecutive Chairman of the Company.

Mr. Danny Lim joined Rajah &amp; Tann Singapore LLP in 1998 and is currently a Partner in the Capital Markets  and  Mergers  &amp; Acquisitions  Practice Group, advising on all aspects of corporate legal advisory and transactional work, both locally and regionally.  His experience covers acquisitions, investments,  takeovers,  initial  public  offerings, corporate  restructurings  and  reorganisations, amongst others,  and  his  clients  include  multinational companies, small and medium enterprises, private equity and institutional investors, Singapore and foreign listed companies as well as financial institutions and others.

Mr. Danny Lim graduated from the National University of  Singapore  with  a  Bachelor  of  Law  (Honours) degree and a Master of Science (Applied Finance) from  the  Nanyang Technological  University.  He has been admitted as an advocate and solicitor of the Supreme Court of Singapore since 1999.

Mr. Danny Lim is currently an independent director of  Kimly  Limited,  Choo  Chiang  Holdings  Ltd, Stamford  Land  Corporation  Ltd,  and ValueMax Group Limited. He is a member of the Law Society of Singapore and the Singapore Academy of Law.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

GARY CHIN Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer (' CEO

<!-- image -->

')

Mr.  Gary  Chin  was  appointed  to  the  Board  on  2 February 2016 and is the Executive Director and CEO of the Company.

Mr. Gary Chin has more than 20 years of experience in Employment Services and Facilities Management Services  and  is  responsible  for  the  overall administration, operation and development of the Group,  as  well  as  the  key  liaison  with  relevant authorities.

He has held various executive positions  in  the employment services business  sector  since  he began his  career  in  1996.  He  was  tasked  with spearheading business growth through acquisitions and mergers to achieve strategic,  business  and financial  objectives.  In  2009,  he  was  appointed as  the  Director  of  Nation  Employment  Pte  Ltd. Throughout the years, he successfully negotiated and formed strategic alliances with business partners, both  locally  and  overseas.  He  was  also  able  to synergise various business units to improve business efficiency, create complementary businesses, and achieve greater competitive advantage.

At Advancer Global Limited, he leads the acceleration of its business strategy for organic and vertical growth  in  the  Facilities  Management  Services Division. He strongly believes in value creation through innovation and technology and via the integrated facility management model to bring the Group to the next phase of continued sustainable growth.

Mr.  Gary  Chin  graduated  with  a  Bachelor  of Electrical &amp; Electronic Engineering (Hons) from the University of Aberdeen, Scotland in 1995.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

DESMOND CHIN Executive Director

<!-- image -->

Mr.  Desmond  Chin  was  appointed  to  the  Board on  9  June  2016  as  our  Executive  Chairman  and was  re-designated  to  Executive  Director  on 31 December 2019.

Mr. Desmond Chin has over 20 years of experience i n   t h e   e m p l oy ment  services  business  and  has been instrumental in  spearheading  the  growth and development of our Group since 1992. He was responsible for ensuring the effective operations of  our  Group  and  the  Board  of  Directors.  From 1990 to 1992, Mr. Desmond Chin worked at UMW Engineering Ltd, where he was involved in the sale of  auto  retriever  systems  for  store  management, and Suntze Communication Engineering Pte Ltd, where he was involved in the sale of computer and peripheral devices and IT network solutions. In  1992,  Mr.  Desmond  Chin  co-founded  Nation Employment Agency, to offer employment services in Singapore. In 1994, Nation Employment Agency partnership ceased and Nation Employment Pte Ltd was incorporated to offer the same services.

He currently services as a member of the Board of Trustees  of  the  Domestic  Employees Welfare Fund,  an  initiative  of  the  National Trade  Union Congress.

Mr.  Desmond  Chin  graduated  with  a  Bachelor of  Engineering  from  the  National  University  of Singapore in 1990 and subsequently obtained a Master of Business Administration from the National University of Singapore in 2012.

ONG ENG TIANG Executive Director

<!-- image -->

Mr. Ong Eng Tiang was appointed to the Board on 9 June 2016 as our Executive Director.

Mr.  Ong  Eng  Tiang  is  the  Executive  Director and Head of Building Management and Security Services  of  the  Group.  He  has  an  aggregate  of more than 20 years of experience in the cleaning and stewarding services and the security services business segments. He is responsible for heading the Group's Facilities Management Services division as well as overseeing the daily operations which include marketing strategies, manpower deployment and cash flow management.

Mr.  Ong Eng Tiang began his career at Intrapac Investments Ltd. as a marketing executive in 1994, where he serviced major customer accounts and coordinated with the paper mills in Singapore and Malaysia  for  order  requirements  and  shipment arrangements.  From  1995  to  1998,  he  joined Muda Packaging Industries (Qing Yuan) Ltd. as a marketing manager, where he was responsible for the Marketing Department. In 1998, Mr. Ong Eng Tiang joined United Paper Industries Pte. Ltd. as an assistant sales manager and rose through the ranks to become its deputy marketing manager in 1999. In 2001, he joined First Stewards Private Limited (' First Stewards '),  a  wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and became a shareholder of First Stewards in 2004.

Mr.  Ong  Eng Tiang  graduated  with  a  Bachelor of  Business Administration  from  the  University of  Wisconsin-Madison  in  the  United  States  of America in 1993.

FRANCIS YAU THIAM HWA Independent Non-Executive Director

<!-- image -->

Mr.  Francis Yau  was  appointed  to  the  Board  on 9  June  2016  as  our  Independent  Non-Executive Director.

Mr. Francis Yau serves as the Chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee. His experience spans across a wide spectrum  of  expertise  ranging  from  corporate banking,  corporate  finance,  financial  and  risk management, strategic planning to the management of the corporate affairs in a public listed company and has good knowledge of corporate governance, investor relations and sustainability. He is currently the Chief Financial Officer of Megachem Ltd. since 2007, a public listed company in Singapore, and serves as an independent director in Abundance International Limited, a Singapore listed company.

Mr. Francis Yau holds a bachelor's degree in Business Administration  from  the  National  University  of Singapore,  majoring  in  finance  and  is  also  a member of the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

SHAMSUL KAMAR BIN MOHAMED RAZALI Independent Non-Executive Director

<!-- image -->

Mr.  Shamsul  Kamar  Bin  Mohamed  Razali,  PBM, was appointed to the Board as our Independent Non-Executive Director on 1 June 2021.

Mr. Shamsul worked at the National Trades Union Congress  (NTUC)  from  2015  to  2021  and  was formerly the Executive Director of the Centre for Domestic Employees (CDE), a non-profit organisation that champions the employment rights of migrant domestic employees in Singapore. He was also the Deputy Executive Secretary of the Education Services Union which endeavours to protect the i n t e r e s t s   o f   p r i v a t e   e d u c a t i o n   e d u c a t o r s   a n d workers in the sector.

Mr. Shamsul graduated from the National Technological University, National Institute of Education (NTU / NIE) with a Bachelor of Arts degree and a Master of Arts (Southeast Asian Studies) degree from the National University of Singapore. He served as an educator  with  the  Ministry  of  Education  for  18 years before joining NTUC.

Since 2006, Mr. Shamsul has been actively involved i n   t h e   c o m m u n i t y,  s e r v i n g   i n   t h e   g r a s s r o o t s organisations  in  Kaki  Bukit  (2006-11)  and  Nee Soon Central (2011-15) and was a member of the Mendaki Tuition Scheme (MTS) Review Panel (201920). He was previously the Chairman of the Ministry of Social and Family Development (MSF)'s Review Board, Committee 6, Board of Visitors (Children and Young Persons Homes). He is currently the Advisor to Aljunied GRC GROs (Kaki Bukit) and a member of the Board of Trustees for the Keppel Fels Union (KFEU). In recognition of his public services Mr. Shamsul was awarded the National Day Award - Pingat Bakti Masyarakat (PBM) in 2017.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

TAKEHITO HIRANO Non-Executive Non-Independent Director

<!-- image -->

Mr. Takehito Hirano was appointed to the Board on 16 October 2018. He has years of experience in the manpower outsourcing business. In 1990, he established Fullcast Holdings Co., Ltd. (formerly known as Resort World Co., Ltd.)  as  one  of  the founders, where he was responsible for its overall administration, operation and management as a Representative Director. Fullcast Holdings Co., Ltd. has been engaging in the manpower outsourcing business for various industries and occupations as well as a forerunner of short-term manpower outsourcing companies in Japan, meeting the human resource  needs  of  a  wide  variety  of  companies ranging  from  leading  Japanese  corporations  to small  and  medium-sized  firms. The  company  is l i s t e d   o n   t h e   F i r s t   S e c t i o n   of   t h e   To k yo   S to c k Exchange.

He is currently the Director and Chairman of Fullcast Holdings Co.,  Ltd.  and  is  also  a  Representative Director  and  Chairman  of  F-PLAIN  Corporation (formerly  known  as  Fullcast  Marketing  Co.,  Ltd. and a subsidiary of Fullcast Holdings Co., Ltd.).

Mr. Hirano graduated with a Bachelor of Economics from the Kanagawa University in Japan in 1984.

FRANCIS CHIN Head of Employment Services

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Mr.  Francis  Chin  is  our  Head  of  Employment  Services.  He  is responsible for the operations and management of the Employment Services Business to achieve desirable objectives, quality services and profitability.

Mr. Francis Chin began his career in 1978 as a technician and a tooling planner with Dupont Electronic Pte Ltd, where he was responsible for assisting engineers in performing operations, modification tooling and costing planning. He then co-founded Nation Employment Pte Ltd in 1994 and has since been responsible for the daily operations and management of the Group's Employment Services Business.

He was awarded the Pingat Bakti Masyarakat (Public Service Medal) for commendable community service in Singapore in 2005.

## KELVIN TONG

Chief Financial Officer

Mr.  Kelvin Tong  joined  our  Group  as  the  Group's  Chief  Financial Officer on 1 February 2023. As the Group's Chief Financial Officer, he oversees the finance, accounting and tax functions of the Group.

Mr.  Kelvin Tong  is  also  responsible  for  the  compliance  and  risk management functions of the Group and is responsible for internal audit,  risk  management  and  compliance  with  requirements  under the Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist and the Companies Act and advising the Group on its risk management and compliance processes.

Mr. Kelvin Tong has more than 20 years of financial reporting and regulatory compliance experience. Prior to joining our Group, Kelvin spent close to 14 years from 2000 at KPMG Singapore, where he was a Senior Audit Manager involved in the audit of various industries such  as  mining,  oil  and  gas,  pharmaceutical,  food  and  beverage, consumer products, property development and hospitality as well as initial public offerings and reverse takeover listings and he was the Financial Controller and subsequently Chief Financial Officer of Quantum Healthcare Limited for 8 years from 2014.

Mr.  Kelvin Tong  is  currently  a  Certified  Practising Accountant  of CPA Australia  as  well  as  a  Chartered Accountant  of  the  Institute of  Singapore  Chartered Accountants.  He  graduated  from  Monash University with a Bachelor of Business (Accounting) degree in 1998 and a Post Graduate Diploma in Advanced Accounting in 1999.

## KEY MANAGEMENT

<!-- image -->

## EMPLOYMENT SERVICES

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## BUILDING MANAGEMENT SERVICES

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

## CONTENTS

- 19 MESSAGE FROM THE BOARD
- 20 ABOUT THIS REPORT
- 21 ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE
- 22 GOVERNANCE &amp; SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH
- 23 STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
- 24 MATERIAL TOPICS
- 25 ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE
- 26 CERTIFICATION AND REGULATORY COMPLIANCE
- 30 TRAINING AND EDUCATION
- 33 CUSTOMER PRIVACY
- 34 EMPLOYMENT
- 35 FURTHER GOALS FOR FY2023
- 37 CLIMATE-RELATED DISCLOSURES
- 38 GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX / SGX CORE INDEX / TCFD INDEX

DANNY LIM Chairman

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Independent Non-Executive

Executive  Director  and Chief  Executive  Officer

GARY CHIN (' CEO ')

The Board of Directors is pleased to publish Advancer Global  Limited's  (' Advancer  Global ' or the  ' Group ') Sustainability Report covering the period from 1 January  2022  to  31  December  2022  (' FY2022 ').  This report  updates  stakeholders  on  how  the  Group  has incorporated material Economic, Environmental, Social, and Governance (' EESG ') issues into our plans, how we manage the risks associated with these issues, and our progress towards our long-term sustainability objective.

We understand the importance of sustainability and how incorporating it into our business operations may help the  Group  develop  in  the  long  run.  Good  and  proper management of our sustainability risks and opportunities improves not just our corporate governance and operational  efficiency,  but  also  the  satisfaction  of  our stakeholders.

In  FY2022,  we  continue  to  innovate  in  the  facilities management space. We are making significant progress in implementing comprehensive solar photovoltaic (' PV ')  solutions  for  our  clients'  commercial  buildings. We note that the built  environment  generates  40%  of annual  global  CO 2 emissions  with  building  operations responsible  for  27% (1) .   Commercial  buildings  has  peak energy  consumption  during  the  normal  office  working hours of 9am to 5pm which matches the peak sunlight

(1)  https://architecture2030.org/

(2) http://toilet.org.sg/articles/GuideBetterPublicToilet.pdf

(3)  https://www.nccs.gov.sg/media/press-releases/singapore-commits-to-achieve-net-zero/

## MESSAGE FROM THE BOARD

received by the commercial building. The use of solar PV systems for the commercial built environment therefore has  tremendous  potential  to  offset  significant  portion of urban energy use with clean renewable energy. Our holistic  solutions  include  the  use  of  on-site  battery management to reduce transmission loss and conversion loss of solar energy, further improving the effectiveness and efficiency of solar PV systems for our clients. As solar panel and battery management technologies continue to improve, the longer-term prospects of solar PV systems cannot be ignored.

Beyond  the  implementation  of  solar  PV  solutions,  our smart  toilet  solutions  utilise  autonomous  sensors  to effectively detect, monitor and feedback toilet cleaning schedules,  which  enable  our  clients  to  enjoy  direct reduction of water usage, improved cleaning and maintenance efficiency and also better user satisfaction and lesser reliance on manpower (2) .

Through our continued technological innovation, we aim to further develop our Internet of Things (' IoT ') solutions to enable smarter building management with advanced sensors  and  controls  to  achieve  energy  optimization across all aspects of our clients' building.

Singapore has committed to achieve net zero emissions by 2050 (3)   and companies are increasingly looking into reducing  their  carbon  emission.  Our  proven  ability  to partner our clients in reducing their Scope 2 emissions and thereafter achieving their net zero emission commitments  gives  us  confidence  in  our  ability  to improve  the  reach  and  profitability  of  our  facilities management business.

Advancer  Global  will continue to create value for our  stakeholders  by  focusing  on  sustainable  growth throughout strategies, policies, and procedures. It is the people  behind  the  scenes  and  the  customers  that  we serve  that  make  up  the  backbone  of  our  business.  We are  committed  to  producing  value  and  impacting  the future by conducting business operations in a way that considers  both  the  environmental  and  social  impacts while achieving profitable development.

We would like to thank our clients, business partners and shareholders for their continuous support throughout the years. We are committed to maintaining our leadership for  the  benefit  of  our  stakeholders,  and  we  will  keep them updated on our progress.

## ABOUT THIS REPORT

This Report was prepared with reference to the Global Reporting  Initiative (GRI) Standards  2021,  the  Task Force  on  Climate-Related  Financial  Disclosures  (TCFD) framework,  SGX  Core  ESG  Metric,  as  well  as  the  Rules 711A  and  711B  of  Listing  Manual  Section  B:  Rules  of Catalist  (' Catalist  Rules ')  of  the  Singapore  Exchange Securities Trading Limited (' SGX-ST ') with references to the guidance set out in SGX-ST's sustainability reporting guide under Practice Note 7F of the Catalist Rules.

We have reported our data in good faith and to the best of our knowledge. We strive to continuously improve our data collection and reporting processes. We have been voluntarily publishing standalone Sustainability Reports every year since 2017.

We  have  engaged  Alder  Corporate  Services  Pte  Ltd as  independent  external  consultant  in  preparing  the Sustainability Report for FY2022.

Our sustainability reporting process is subject to review by  our  internal  auditors,  CLA  Global  TS  Risk  Advisory Pte  Ltd. The  review  was  conducted  in  accordance  with International  Standards  for  the  Professional  Practice of  Internal  Auditing  issued  by  the  Institute  of  Internal Auditors.  No  external  assurance  was  sought  for  this report.

## REPORTING PERIOD AND SCOPE

This report covers the Group's Operations in Singapore for the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022.

## ACCESSIBILITY

As part of our sustainability efforts, limited hard copies of this Sustainability Report will be printed. The electronic version along with updates on our continuing sustainability efforts can be found on http://advancer.sg/ news\_categories/sustainablity-reports/.

## FEEDBACK

The Group believes in continuously engaging its stakeholders to enhance its sustainability policies, practices  and  disclosures.  Feedback  or  suggestions  on this Sustainability Report can be sent to sr@advancer.sg.

<!-- image -->

Advancer Global is incorporated and domiciled in Singapore and listed on the Singapore Exchange on 11 July 2016 under the stock code 43Q. Its headquarter is located at 135 Jurong Gateway Road, #05-317, Singapore 600135.

The Group is a complete one-stop service provider with a slew of companies that provide a wide range of services. We have years of experience in the service business and a long list of delighted customers. We remain competitive and cement our position as the top integrated manpower solutions and facilities management services provider in the  many industries  we  serve  thanks  to  our  numerous subsidiaries.

To provide a full  suite  of  solutions  and  services  to  its diverse  base  of  customers,  the  Group  operates  on  two primary  business  segments:  (i) Employment  Services , and (ii) Facilities Management Services ,  which includes Building Management and Security Services.

The Employment  Services provides integrated and comprehensive employment solutions, such as sourcing, recruitment,  training,  deployment  of  migrant  domestic workers (' MDWs ') to households, and foreign workers to corporations. The Group's employment services business is run under the well-known trademark 'Nation'.

<!-- image -->

Property  management,  security,  pest  control,  cleaning and stewarding, gardening and landscaping, waste management, and recycling services are provided by Facilities  Management  Services to  a  wide  range of customers, including residential,  commercial  and industrial properties, hospitals, schools, and hotels. We  are  one  of  the  largest  Managing  Agents  (' MA ')  in Singapore  based  on  the  expanded  portfolio  of  around 200 properties. All  these  services  that  we  provide  will give us a boost towards our goal of becoming a leading Integrated Facilities Management (' IFM ') solutions provider.

## ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE

Another  strategic business  segment  is  our  Security Services  under  Advancer  Global  Security.  Through  its established subsidiaries, the Group provides manpower and smart security solutions integrated with technology to residential, commercial  and  industrial properties as  well  as  security  consultancy  services.  The  Group's competitive advantage stems from its commitment to and effective integration of its different workforce solutions and  services,  which  enables  the  Group  to  create  and deliver a comprehensive suite of solutions and services to its customers.

## SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT

Our Group has maintained positive working relationships with  our  suppliers  and  contractors,  whose  goals  and commitments  are  similar  to  ours  -  to  provide  highquality  services  while  adhering  to  the  most  stringent environmental,  safety,  and  health  regulations.  In  our Group's  Procurement  Policy,  factors  including  quality and cost-effectiveness, as well as other standards, were formalised.

Our  main  suppliers  are  the  sub-contractors  for  our Manpower, Cleaning and Stewarding, and Security Business.  The  sub-contractors  are  chosen  based  on their  historical  performance,  experience,  competence, and  service  quality.  On  top  of  that,  we  also  source  for alternative  sub-contractors  to  ensure  competitiveness. We  continue  to  evaluate  the  performance  of  our  key suppliers on a regular basis to verify that they still meet our operational standards. The Group's cleaning products are approved by NEA.

We  view  our  supply  chain  as  an  integral  part  of  our sustainability efforts and actively engage them as part of our sustainability journey.

## GOVERNANCE &amp; SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

Our sustainability efforts are spearheaded by our Sustainability  Committee,  which  consists  of  our  senior management team. They are supported by sustainability officers from each of our business segment, Employment Services  and  Facilities  Management  Services,  who  will report to the Sustainability Committee.

The  Sustainability  Committee  reports  to  the  Board of  Directors,  all  of  whom  have  the  appropriate  core competencies  and  provide  a  diversity  of  experience  to enable them to effectively contribute to the Group.

## SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

We believe  Corporate  Social  Responsibility  is  a  critical driver  of  long-term  sustainability.  As  one  of  the  major values in our Group  culture, such responsibility is pragmatically integrated into our business activities. We have established credibility among our stakeholders by incorporating such responsibilities into our management practices across the value chain. We can have an impact on  the  environment  for  future  generations  by  taking action  today.  We  ensure  that  our  Group's  strategy  and operations are in line with a long-term vision towards a  sustainable  future  by  incorporating  the  concept  of sustainability into our operations.

Senior management at our Group periodically evaluates focus areas where we can have the greatest economic,  environmental,  and  social  effect,  as  well  as those  that  are  most  essential  to  our  stakeholders. The senior  management  is  responsible  for  communicating consistently with the Board of Directors.

Our Group also works closely together with its stakeholders  and  Board  of  Directors  to  come  up  with new and innovative strategies to improve our business through improving staff capabilities. We assess the needs and expectations of our key stakeholder groups that are important  to  our  Group's  value  development  strategy, and we will continue to work hard to develop mutually beneficial relationships.

We  believe  that improving  corporate  governance is one  of  the  most  essential  and  sustainable  goal.  We are  committed  to  upholding  a  high  level  of  corporate governance  by  following  the  principles  and  guidelines outlined in the Code of Corporate Governance 2018 (the ' 2018 Code ').

Our Group has adopted a conflict of interest policy to guide our employees in the identification and management of conflicts  of  interests.  All  of  our  key  management  staff including Executive Directors and Executive Officers are to complete the annual conflict of interest disclosures to our Board.

Our  Group  has  adopted  an insider  trading  policy to preserve the reputation and integrity of our Group and affiliates. In accordance with the policy, any person who possesses material, non-public information relating to  our  Company, or any other publicly traded company, including our customers and suppliers, obtained in the course of employment or by association with our Group, is considered an insider to such information.

Our Group continues to educate our employees on the whistleblowing  policy whereby  employees  understand the importance of highlighting any inappropriate behaviour  to  maintain  integrity  and  honesty  for  our stakeholders. We also keep all information confidential to protect the interest of our employees.

Under the policy, employees can address their concerns via email to a dedicated email account (whistleblow@ advancer.sg), which will be directed to our Audit Committee Chairman. A Special Committee comprising of selected Directors of our Group will direct an independent investigation to be conducted when concerns are received in writing or via email.

Our  Group  has  adopted  a personal  data  protection policy and  continues  to  educate  our  employees  on the  importance  of  compliance  with  the  Personal  Data Protection  Act  and  we  continue  to  update  the  policy to  ensure  that  the  personal  data  protection  policy  is consistent with our currents needs and legal or regulatory requirements.

In FY2022, we are proud to have met a large majority of goals set by the Board and Sustainability Committee in relation  to  the  key  sustainability  topics  as  elaborated below.

In  FY2022,  we  have  maintained  all certifications  and memberships relevant to our Group's sustainability efforts.

In FY2022, we have expanded our focus on training ,   in particular towards health and safety.

## STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Our ability to address sustainability issues is aided by close collaboration with our stakeholders. We communicate and consult with our diverse group of stakeholder groups on a regular basis. We incorporate their feedback into our strategy and activities when it is appropriate and relevant to our businesses. The Group aspires to understand the  perspectives  of  our  major  stakeholders  and  to  work  with  them  to  develop  mutually  beneficial  relationships, by  communicating  effectively  and  responding  to  their  concerns. The  following  is  a  summary  of  our  stakeholder engagement strategy.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| Stakeholder Group  Engagement Activities  Stakeholders' Expectations  Customers  1.  Enquiry and feedback  2.  Customer service hotlines  3.  Direct customer meeting  1.  Top notch customer service  2.  Additional after sales services  Suppliers  1.  Quotations  2.  Periodic discussion  3.  Supplier evaluation  1.  Compliance with terms and  conditions of purchasing policies  and procedures  2.  Maintenance of ethical standards  Employees  1.  Induction and orientation  program  2.  Staff appraisal  3.  Internal memos  4.  Employee training  1.  Staff rights and welfare  2.  Personal development  3.  Good working environment  Investors  1.  Annual meetings  2.  Board meetings  3.  Circulars to shareholders  1.  Profitability  2.  Transparency  3.  Timely reporting  4.  Fair purchasing practices  Government and Regulators  1.  Discussions with government  agencies and departments  1.  Environmental-friendly business  approach  2.  Compliance with regulations  3.  Timely reporting and resolution  of issues   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## MATERIAL TOPICS

<!-- image -->

- Economic • Environmental • Social • Governance

## SUSTAINABILITY TOPICS SELECTED:

1.  Economic Performance
2.  Certification and Regulatory Compliance
3.  Training and Education
4.  Customer Privacy
5.  Employment

## FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

## FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER

| Income Statement (S$'000)  2022  2021  Revenue  63,103  60,132  Gross profit  13,282  13,431  Loss before tax  (4,668)  (4,126)  Profit attributable to owners of the Company  (4,421)  (4,045)  Balance Sheet (S$'000)  Shareholders' equity  36,160  40,867  Total assets  47,115  52,059  Total liabilities  10,971  10,506  Net asset value  36,160  40,867  Net tangible asset value  32,903  35,903  Cash and bank balances  20,797  24,797  Net loans and borrowing  Net Cash  Net Cash  Per Share (Singapore Cents)  Basic losses  (1)  1.76  1.61  Net asset value  (2)  14.40  16.27  Net tangible asset value  (2)  13.10  14.29  Dividends  (2) (3)  -  -  Financial Ratios  Return on equity  (12.23)%  (9.90)%  Return on assets  (9.38)%  (7.77)%  Dividend payout ratio  -  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

- (1) For  illustrative  purposes,  basic  earnings  per  share  was  computed  based  on  the  weighted  average  number  of ordinary shares of 251,188,096 for FY2021 and 251,185,691 for FY2022, respectively.
- (2) For illustration purposes, net asset value per share, net tangible asset per share and dividends per share were computed based on the number of Company's ordinary shares (excluding treasury shares) of 251,185,691 at the end of FY2021 and FY2022 respectively.
- (3) No dividends were declared or recommended for FY2021 and FY2022.

## CERTIFICATION AND REGULATORY COMPLIANCE

## Membership of Associations and Certificates

## Advancer Global Manpower Pte.Ltd.

TUV SUD ISO 9001:2015 (Foreign Maid Employment Placement)

## Nation Employment Pte Ltd

TUV SUD ISO 9001:2015 (Foreign Maid Employment Placement)

Certificate of Accredited Training Provider for Employers' Orientation Program (MOM - Foreign Manpower Division)

CaseTrust Accreditation for Employment Agencies Business

## Nation Human Resources Pte. Ltd.

bizSAFE Level 3 Certificate

Reader's Digest Quality Service Awards (Gold)

TUV SUD ISO 9001:2015 (Foreign Maid Employment Placement)

## Advancer Global Facility Pte. Ltd.

bizSAFE Star Level Certificate

GIC ISO 9001:2015 (Provision of Contract Cleaning, Stewarding and Housekeeping and Maintenance Services) &amp; (Provision of Pest Control, Bird Control, Fumigation Services)

GIC ISO 45001:2018 (Provision Of Contract Cleaning, Stewarding and Housekeeping and Maintenance Services)

Learning Enterprise Alliance Members 2022

## First Stewards Private Limited

bizSAFE Star Level Certificate

MW02 Housekeeping, Cleansing, Desilting And Conservancy Service Level 5

GIC ISO 9001:2015 (Provision of Contract Cleaning, Stewarding and Housekeeping and Maintenance Services)

GIC ISO 45001:2018 (Provision Of Contract Cleaning, Stewarding and Housekeeping and Maintenance Services)

## Master Clean Facility Services Pte. Ltd.

bizSAFE Star Level Certificate

MW02 Housekeeping, Cleansing, Desilting and Conservancy Service Level 5

NEA Clean Mark Silver Award

GIC ISO 9001:2015 (Provision of Contract Cleaning, Stewarding and Housekeeping and Maintenance Services)

GIC ISO 45001:2018 (Provision of Contract Cleaning, Stewarding and Housekeeping and Maintenance Services)

Member of Environmental Management Associations Of Singapore (EMAS)

## CERTIFICATION AND REGULATORY COMPLIANCE

| ## World Clean Facility Services Pte. Ltd.  bizSAFE Star Level Certificate  GIC ISO 45001:2018 (Provision of Contract Cleaning, Stewarding and Housekeeping and Maintenance Services)  GIC ISO 9001:2015 (Provision of Contract Cleaning, Stewarding and Housekeeping and Maintenance Services)  MW02 Housekeeping, Cleansing, Desilting &amp; Conservancy Service Level 4  National Parks Board - Accredited Treatment Provider  NEA Clean Mark Silver Award  Participant in Employers' Pledge of Fair Employment Practices   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Newman &amp; Goh Property Consultants Pte Ltd

Accredited Managing Agents (Category A) - SISV / APFM

bizSAFE Level 4 Certificate

SGS ISO 9001:2015 (Property Management and Valuation Services)

SGS - Service Certification Criteria for Property Management and Valuation-Service

| ## SRE Global Pte. Ltd.  Accredited Managing Agents (Category A) - SISV / APFM  bizSAFE Level 3 Certificate  Member of Association of Property &amp; Facilities Managers (APFM)  Member of Singapore Institute of Surveyors and Valuers (SISV)  SGS ISO 9001:2015 (Valuation Services: Land and Buildings)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Premier Eco-Care Pte. Ltd.

Accredited Brown Marmorated Stink Bug (BMSB) Fumigator, Australia

Australian Fumigation Accreditation Scheme (AFAS)

bizSAFE Star Level Certificate

Certified Fumigation Using PH3 (Phosphine)

License to Fumigate by Means of Hydrogen Cyanide, Methyl Bromide or Hydrogen Phosphide

Management in Food Plants, Hazard Analysis Critical Control Point (HACCP)

MIRAKN Applicator (Japan)

NEA Registered and Approved Applicator For Disinfection

NEA Registered Vector Control Operator

## GIC ISO 9001:2015

- Pest Control, Bird Control
- Fumigation Services (International Standards for Phytosanitary Measures No. 15 [ISPM No.15])
- Soil Treatment
- Disinfection Services
- Sales of Ecological Care Products

## CERTIFICATION AND REGULATORY COMPLIANCE

## GIC ISO 14001:2015

- Pest Control, Bird Control
- Fumigation Services (International Standards for Phytosanitary Measures No. 15 [ISPM No.15])
- Soil Treatment
- Disinfection Services
- Sales of Ecological Care Products

## GIC ISO 45001:2018

- Pest Control, Bird Control
- Fumigation Services (International Standards for Phytosanitary Measures No. 15 [ISPM No.15])
- Soil Treatment
- Disinfection Services
- Sales of Ecological Care Products

## Country Cousins Pte. Ltd.

bizSAFE Level 3 Certificate

Registered Landscape Contractor of Nparks

## Advancer Smart Technology Pte. Ltd.

bizSAFE Level 4 Certificate

## AGS Integration Pte. Ltd.

bizSAFE Level 3 Certificate

Member of Association of Certified Security Agencies (ASCA)

Member of Security Association Singapore

Singapore Police Force Annual Grading Exercise for Security Agencies - Pass with Competency in 9 elective components (2022) - 2 years licence

| ## Advancer IFM Pte. Ltd. (formerly known as Ashtree International Pte. Ltd.)  bizSAFE Star Certificate  Certified Anti-Terrorism Practitioner (CATP)  Certified Force Protection Professional (CFPP)  Learning Enterprise Alliance Members 2021  Member of Association of Certified Security Agencies (ASCA)  Member of Security Association Singapore  Singapore Police Force Annual Grading Exercise for Security Agencies - Pass with Competency in 5 elective components (2022) - 2 years licence  TQCSI ISO 9001:2015 (Quality Management System)  TQCSI ISO 45001:2018 (Occupational Health &amp; Safety Management System)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CERTIFICATION AND REGULATORY COMPLIANCE

| KH Security Pte. Ltd.  bizSAFE Star Certificate  Member of Association of Certified Security Agencies (ASCA)  Member of Security Association Singapore  QAI ISO 9001:2015 (Security Consultancy and Security Manpower Service Provider)  QAI ISO 45001:2018 (Occupational Health &amp; Safety Management System)  Singapore Police Force Annual Grading Exercise for Security Agencies - Pass with Competency in 6 elective com- ponents (2022) - 2 years licence   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At Advancer Global, we believe in adhering to recognised best-in-standards and certifications as a means of evalu -ating how competitive our services are against the competition. In adopting such certifications, we benchmark our -selves against relevant laws and regulations in the social and economic areas that are of concern to us.

In FY2022, we are proud to report that we have obtained all necessary certifications and have complied with all rel -evant laws and regulations with no incidents involving fines or other non-monetary regulatory actions. All relevant workers have also received training for the necessary certifications, including occupational health and safety.

For FY2023, our aim is to maintain all necessary certifications and maintain full compliance with all relevant laws and regulations with no incidents involving fines or other non-monetary regulatory actions. We will continue to send all relevant workers for training for the necessary certifications, including occupational health and safety and envi -ronmental compliance if applicable.

## TRAINING AND EDUCATION

At Advancer Global, we believe in providing proper and sufficient training, and keeping our staff informed about any changes or advancements in their unique and relevant job positions. Every new employee must complete an orientation programme to become familiar with their job responsibilities and the group culture. This guarantees that they can complete their tasks efficiently and effectively.

## AVERAGE TRAINING HOURS &amp; TRAINING PROGRAMS

With our industry's rapid technical and market changes, it is critical for our employees to stay up to date on the latest advances and be ever ready for what the future holds. The yearly average training hours per employee stands at 44 hours (FY2021: 44 hours) for our operations staff and 18 hours (FY2021: 18 hours) at the management level. Selected programs for upgrading employee skills and certificates are available across business segments as shown in the following table:

| Sector  Descriptions  Administrative/ General  CPA Australia 2022 Virtual Conference  Industry Outlook &amp; Regulatory Updates  Sustainability Reporting Training  Cleaning/ Stewarding  Anti-Terrorism Professional (CATP)  Basic First Aid+CPR+AED  BCAA Legistration Course  Customer Management Course  Effectiveness Management Cleaning Chemical Handling  Environmental Services  Food &amp; Beverage Safety and Hygiene Policies  Fundamentals of The Personal Data Protection Act 2020  Guard &amp; Patrol Training  Incident Response Training Course  IRATA Course  Management Work At Height  Managing Agent Practice  Pest Management  Science &amp; Technology, Environmental Control  The Customer Matters Force  Threat Observation Training  Workplace Safety and Health Practices Implementation  Employment  Certificate of Employment Intermediaries - Basic Synchronous E-learning  Personal Data Protection Act  Basic First Aid, CPR and AED   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## TRAINING AND EDUCATION

| Security  CERT First Aider (with CPR &amp; AED)  Occupational First Aid Course (OFAC)  Certified in Basic Cardiac Life Support (Infant/Child/ Adult) +AED  Basic Cardiac Life Support (BCLS) (in Infant/Child/Adult) + AED  Conduct Crowd and Traffic Control  Conduct Security Screening in Person &amp; Bag  Respond to Fire Incident in Workplace  Security Operation Compliance (Manage security Agency Within Legal Framework)  Essentials of Employment Act  Basic Concept in Construction Productivity Enhancement  Access Control Management  Deterrence (Manage Disorderly Conduct &amp; Threatening Behave)  Apply Workplace Safety and Health in Construction Sites  Electrical Works  Develop A Risk Management Implementation Plan  Develop A Workplace Safety &amp; Health Management System Implementation Plan  Incident Management  Patrol &amp; Surveillance  WSQ Environmental Service (Level 1)  Red Teaming + Contingency Plan Exercises  Identify Gaps in Dealing with Terror Attack  Threat Observation (Recognise Terrorist Threats)  Known Consignor Regime (KCR) Consultant  Gardening/ Landscaping  Plant Pruning Course  Pest Control  Apply Workplace Safety and Health in Construction Sites  Apply Workplace Safety and Health in Process Plant  Apply Workplace Safety and Health in Shipyard  First Aid Course (CPR + AED)  Hazmat Transport Driver Permit Course  Manage Work At Height  N Parks Wildlife Act course  Operate Boom Lift  Operate Forklift  Organisational Relationship Building Level 3  Pest Management  Refresher Standard First Aid + AED  Safe Management Officer  Shipyard Safety Instruction Course   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## TRAINING AND EDUCATION

| Property Consultancy/  Property Facilities  Management  Advances Certificate in Learning &amp; Performance (ACLP)  Advanced Diploma in Property &amp; Facilities Management  Apply ISO 9001 Quality Management System Audit Requirements  Basic Facebook Marketing &amp; Advertising Training  CERT First Aid with CPR and AED Course  Certificate in Managing Agent Practice  Data Analytic for Business  Develop a Workplace Safety and Health Management System  Email Marketing Training  Facebook Marketing Course  Fair Employment Tripartite Alliance for Fair &amp; Progressive Employment Practices  Workshop  Implement Incident Management Process  Manage Work at Height  Master of Science (Building Performance and Sustainability)  Perform Work at Height  Respond to Fire Incident in Workplace  Service Excellence Training  Specialist Certificate in Strata Property Management  SISV - Talk on The New Land Betterment Charge Bill  Fiduciary Duties - En Bloc Perspective  Where is the Singapore Real Estate Marketing  Cash Flow Analysis - Should your Tenants be Owning  Fundamentals of The Personal Data Protection Act 2020  MiniMasters in General Management   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PERFORMANCE AND CAREER DEVELOPMENT REVIEW

In FY2022, all employees received their performance review in line with the Group's policies. We encourage on-going and two-way communication between employees and their supervisor(s). This exercise allows the managers and employees to set expectations and address potential gaps in their performance. Regular and ad-hoc feedback are also given to employees. The practices in place to develop and improve employees' performance have contributed to improve organisational performance. Furthermore, these practices allow the Group to monitor the skillsets of employees and to develop human capital within the organisation.

In FY2022, we had achieved our target set by maintaining the Group target of an average training hours per operation staff and management staff at 44 hours and 18 hours respectively.

For FY2023, our aim is to maintain the yearly average training hours which we achieved in FY2022 for operation staff and management staff at 44 hours and 18 hours respectively.

According to our materiality assessment, customer data privacy  and  protection  is  of  paramount  importance  to our  stakeholders,  hence  making  this  one  of  Advancer Global's material topics. We recognise that as technology advances,  people  are  becoming  increasingly  concerned about how their personal data is collected, managed, and used.

## PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION ACT

Data privacy and protection are major business concerns that fall under the purview of the entire organization. Our holistic  approach  to  legal  compliance  and  operational management develops a culture of awareness, ensuring that our stakeholders' privacy is respected and protected.

Customers'  data  are  stored  in  secure  databases  with protection in place, such as periodic change of passwords and the installation of anti-virus and firewall software, to protect against potential IT security threats. All employees and operating entities in the Group are aware of  these  policies  and  procedures.  Every  operational manager  is  responsible  for  developing,  implementing, and monitoring the Group's PDPA policy. To add on, we had organised a training on PDPA to our employees to keep them updated.

In  FY2022,  there  were  no  substantiated  complaints  or had any breaches or loss of customer data (FY2021: 0 incidents).  Customers'  privacy  is  of  utmost  importance to  our  Group  and  we  consistently  monitor  and  update our  PDPA  policy  in  accordance  with  new  requirements and business developments. Subsequent to FY2022, we target to achieve zero complaints and PDPA breaches on a yearly basis.

<!-- image -->

## EMPLOYMENT

Our most significant resource is our people and investing in their professional and personal well-being is critical to our group's long-term sustainability. Our goal is to instil in our workers work habits that are consistent with our core values and code of conduct. They are the bedrock upon which we develop all our business objectives and carry out our daily operations.

We understand that a driven workforce will convey a positive and powerful message to all of our key stakeholders, including customers, suppliers, and community members. We build an environment conducive to flourish creativity and inspiration to further increase our competitiveness by attracting, nurturing, empowering, and rewarding our workers. The amount of commitment to our employees fosters  a  corporate  culture  of  passion,  excellence,  and trust, which reflects in our capacity to generate value for our  stakeholders. As  the  overall  economy  recovers  and transitions to living with COVID-19, the Group is actively managing staff strength and workload.

Across all our industries, the Group continues to hire a diverse workforce. To promote transparency and fairness for  our  employees,  we  have  established  policies  and practices.  We  strongly  believe  that  gender  and  age  diversity are critical to sustaining our dynamic workforce. Our  employment  policies  include  providing  equitable employment opportunities for these groups.

| New Employee Hires Sorted by Age Groups  Category / Year  2022  2021  2020  Under 30 Years Old  107  77  127  Between 30 to 50 Years Old  259  148  233  Over 50 Years Old  337  172  271   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| New Employee Hires Sorted by Gender  Male  Female  Category / Year  2022  2021  2022  2021  Number of Employees  1,012  776  327  431  Number of New Employees  510  195  193  202  Number of Resigned Employees  407  271  164  141  Average Monthly Turnover Rate  3.35%  2.91%  4.18%  2.42%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## BENEFITS FOR FULL-TIME EMPLOYEES

The Group provides the following benefits to full-time employees:

- Healthcare subsidies
- Tie-ups with insurance
- Option  of  stock  ownerships  under  Employee  Share Option Scheme
- Education awards
- Disability Coverage (WICI)
- Parental leave

We introduced the Advancer Education Award in FY2021 for the benefit of employees with school-going children. The award is open to all permanent full-time employees who meet the criteria. In FY2022, we gave out the award to 10 employees.

We  will  continue  to  review  our  employment  policies and strive towards greater gender equality and a more inclusive workforce. Revisions were made to the Group's employment policies during the year which, as a part of the  Senior  Worker  Early  Adopter  Grant,  the  Group  has raised the internal retirement and re-employment ages up to 71 years respectively.

The  target  set  for  FY2022  was  to  minimise  employee average turnover rate and to continue to upgrade skills of employees. Our target for FY2023 is for our average monthly turnover rate to be 5% or less and to upgrade skills of employees to ensure that they are always kept up-to-date with the most relevant skills.

## FURTHER GOALS FOR FY2023

With COVID-19 mostly under control, the world is now grappling with geopolitical issues such as the Russia-Ukraine conflict and the serious macro-economic concerns such as inflation, which brought about interest rate interventions from the US Federal Reserve and other central banks around the world. This resulted in significantly higher business costs, such as increasing salary costs, rising finance expenses, as well as the surge in energy prices etc., which could continue to affect the Group's results. As such, there is a fundamental need for the Group to re-think and re-position strategically to gain a stronger foothold and get ahead of the competition.

We will also be keenly monitoring the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank, and the UBS takeover of Credit Suisse and consider any impact financial market stresses may have on the Group.

Leveraging on innovation and technology is the key for the Group to alleviate the increasing manpower costs. The use of advanced analytics, curating big data and IoT technology to generate insights for customers to make better and faster decisions have opened new frontiers for the Group. To respond timely to market demands and to reduce the 'time-to-market', the Group's in-house team will add more functionalities to our smart Facilities Management solutions and to support our IFM penetration strategy by developing estate apps for residents and facility management apps for property managers.

However, the economic slowdown and increase in cost are expected to continue to put pressure on revenue growth in 2023. Advancer Global will continue to remain agile and mitigate the competition by differentiating our service offerings and playing on our strengths as a home-grown IFM provider with in-depth domain knowledge accumulated through  the  years.  Investment  in  technological  solutions  which  also  include  upgrading  our  Enterprise  Resource Planning technology for efficient and seamless process and customer experience is increasingly significant to reposition and put our subsidiaries on a stronger foothold.

<!-- image -->

## FURTHER GOALS FOR FY2023

<!-- image -->

Our 85% owned subsidiary, Advancer Smart Technology (' AST '), is a participant in the Smart Urban Co-Innovation Lab 1 ,   Southeast Asia's first industry-for-industry, platform-agnostic, multi-disciplinary lab for smart city solutions in partnership with the Infocomm Media Development Authority and Enterprise Singapore. AST has initiated the use of solar PV systems to power parts of the Smart Urban Co-Innovation Lab, located within the Singapore Science Park. AST also developed the monitoring system which monitors in real time the impact of the solar PV system in reducing the CO 2 emissions and increasing cost savings by replacement of fossil fuelled driven electricity from the grid with essentially free electricity from the solar PV system.

In FY2023, AST will be improving the overall functionality and reliability of the entire solar PV system and providing power to increasing areas of the Smart Urban Co-Innovation Lab.

With the increasing success of implementing the system in an existing built environment, AST and the Smart Urban Co-Innovation Lab is looking forward to working with partners in the Built Environment 2 , namely the Construction, Facilities Management, Real Estate, Security and Environmental Services sectors to push for increased adoption of solar PV solutions.

1 https://smartlab.expert/about-us/

2 https://www.imda.gov.sg/About-IMDA/Research-and-Statistics/Support-for-Industry-Sectors/Built-Environment

## The Board's oversight of climate related risks and opportunities

The Board works closely with the Sustainability Committee  to  set  a  suitable  governance  framework  to ensure that sustainability is always integrated as part of our  overall  business  strategy,  taking  into  consideration prevailing economic conditions, geopolitical issues and the cost efficiency of sustainability strategy.

## The organisation's process for identifying and  assessing  climate-related  risks,  as  well as  climate-related  risks  and  opportunities identified

For  Employment  Services,  the  Group  hopes  to  create a  positive  impact  to  household  sustainability  efforts through the education of its MDWs and foreign workers as part of its training programme. Such efforts will however not be quantifiable as the MDWs and foreign workers are deployed to various households and corporations.

For Facilities Management Services, sustainability would be a key focus as the sector focuses on the maintenance of build environments in a low carbon footprint manner. The  Company  is  evaluating  the  feasibility  of  various facilities management sustainability initiatives, some of which may only be feasible over the medium term and beyond, as technologies continue to improve, and costs reduce.

## The  metrics  used  to  assess  climate-related risks and opportunities.

The Company is guided by the United Nations Framework Convention  on  Climate  Change  where,  by  2030,  all material use in the built environment should be reduced, optimised  and  replaced  with  re-used  or  low  carbon materials where possible.

## CLIMATE-RELATED DISCLOSURES

## GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX / SGX CORE INDEX / TCFD INDEX

| GRI Standard  Disclosure  Page Reference and  Reasons for Omission, if  applicable  GRI 2: General  Disclosures  2021  2-1 Organisational details  21  2-2 Entities included in the organization's sustainability reporting  21  2-3 Reporting Period  20  2-4 Restatement of information  There is no restatement of  information  2-5 External assurance  No external assurance  was sought for this  sustainability report  2-6 Activities, value chain, and other business relationships  21  2-7 Employees  34  2-8 Workers who are not employees  There are no workers who  are not employees  2-9 Governance structure and composition  22  2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns  20  2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations  29  2-28 Membership associations  26  2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement  23  2-30 Collective bargaining agreements  There are no collective  bargaining agreements  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-1 Process to determine material topics  24  3-2 List of material topics  24  3-3 Management of material topics  24  GRI 201:  Economic  Performance  2016  201-1 Direct Economic value generated and distributed  25  GRI 403:  Occupational  Health and  Safety 2018  403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety  30  GRI 404:  Training and  Education 2016  404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee  30  404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition  assistance programs  30  404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and  career development reviews  30   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX / SGX CORE INDEX / TCFD INDEX

GRI 418:

Customer

Privacy 2016

SGX Core ESG

Metric

Social

Governance

Gender Diversity

Age-based Diversity

Employment

Development &amp; Training

Occupational Health and Safety

Certifications

33

Page Reference and

Reasons for Omission, if applicable

34

34

34

32

32

26

| TCFD  Disclosure  Page Reference and  Reasons for Omission, if  applicable  Governance and  Strategy  The  Board  is  advised  by  the  Sustainability  Committee  who  are  supported  by  sustainability  officers  from  each  of  our  business  segment, Employment Services and Facilities Management Services,  who will report to the Sustainability Committee.  We  will  continue  to  review  out  operations  for  specific  climate-  related risks and manage such impacts.  22  Metrics and  Targets  Our participation  in  the  Smart  Urban  Co-Innovation  Lab  and  the  development  of  the  solar  PV  system  for  use  within  the  Lab  is  a  further goal of the Company with targets to be set in due course.  The  Group  targets  to  ensure  compliance  with  the  TCFD  recommendations based on a phased approach to report on climate  risk  disclosures  on  a  'comply  or  explain'  basis,  and  will  review  and  consider  more  comprehensive  disclosure  based  on  TCFD  recommendations  next  year,  including  climate-related  risks  and  opportunities,  Scope  1  and  Scope  2  GHG  emissions  and  scenario  analysis.  35   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

481-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data

Disclosure

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Mr. Danny Lim Teck Chai Independent Non-Executive Chairman

Mr. Gary Chin Mei Yang

Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director

## Mr. Desmond Chin Mui Hiong

Executive Director

Mr. Ong Eng Tiang

Executive Director

Mr. Francis Yau Thiam Hwa

Independent Non-Executive Director

## Mr. Takehito Hirano

Non-Independent Non-Executive Director

## Mr. Shamsul Kamar bin Mohamed Razali

Independent Non-Executive Director

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

Mr. Francis Yau Thiam Hwa (Chairman) Mr. Danny Lim Teck Chai Mr. Shamsul Kamar bin Mohamed Razali

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Mr. Danny Lim Teck Chai (Chairman)

Mr. Francis Yau Thiam Hwa Mr. Shamsul Kamar bin Mohamed Razali

## NOMINATING COMMITTEE

Mr. Shamsul Kamar bin Mohamed Razali (Chairman)

Mr. Gary Chin Mei Yang

Mr. Danny Lim Teck Chai

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Ms. Sin Chee Mei Ms. Koo Wei Jia

## REGISTERED OFFICE

135 Jurong Gateway Road #05-317 Singapore 600135 Website: https://advancer.sg

Tel: (65) 6665 3855

Fax: (65) 6665 0969

<!-- image -->

## SHARE REGISTRAR

In.Corp Corporate Services Pte. Ltd.

30 Cecil Street #19-08 Prudential Tower Singapore 049712

## AUDITORS

Mazars LLP 135 Cecil Street #10-01 MYP Plaza Singapore 069536

Partner-in-charge: Mr. Lai Keng Wei

(Chartered Accountant of Singapore) Date of appointment: 31 December 2020

## PRINCIPAL BANKERS

DBS Bank Ltd. 12 Marina Boulevard Marina Bay Financial Centre, Tower 3 Singapore 018982

Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited #09-00 OCBC Centre

65 Chulia Street Singapore 049513

United Overseas Bank Limited 80 Raffles Place UOB Plaza Singapore 048624

## Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited

8 Marina Boulevard #27-01 Marina Bay Financial Centre, Tower 1 Singapore 018981

## CONTINUING SPONSOR

## SAC Capital Private Limited

1 Robinson Road #21-00 AIA Tower Singapore 048542 Tel: (65) 6232 3210

Advancer Global Limited (the ' Company ',  and  together  with  its  subsidiaries,  the  ' Group ')  are  firmly  commit ted to  maintaining a high standard of  corporate governance by adherin g  to  the  principles  and  provisions  set  out  in the Code of Corporate Governance 2018 (the ' Code '),  where  appropriate. These principles and provisions reflect the Board's commitment in  having  effective  corporate pr actices to safeguard against, amongst others, fraud and dubious financial transactions, with the  aim  of  protecting  shareholders' interests as well as maximizing long-term success of the Company and Group.

The Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist (the ' Catalist Rules ')  of  the  Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the ' SGX-ST ')  requires all listed companies to describe in their annual reports, their corporate governance practices, with specific reference to the principles of the Code.

This report sets out the corporate governance practi ces that were adopted by the Group during the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (' FY2022 ') (' Report '), with specific reference to the principles and provisions of the Code as well as the accompanying practice guidanc e, which forms part of the continuing obligations of the Catalist Rules of the SGX-ST.

Th e Board confirms that, for FY2022, the Group has generally adhere d to the principles and provisions outlined in the Code. Where there were deviations from the provisions of the Code, appropriate explanations are provided. The Board will continue t o assess the needs of the Company and improve on its corporate governance practices as appropriate.

## 1. THE BOARD'S CONDUCT OF AFFAIRS

## Principle 1: The company is headed by an effecti ve Board which is collectively responsible and works with Management for the long-term success of the company.

As at the date of this Report, the Board comprises the following members, all of whom have the appropriate core competencies and diversity of experience needed to enable them to effectively contribute to the Group.

| Lim Teck Chai, Danny (' Danny Lim ') Chin Mei Yang (' Gary Chin ') Chin Mui Hiong (' Desmond Chin ') Ong Eng Tiang Yau Thiam Hwa (' Francis Yau ') Shamsul Kamar Bin Mohamed Razali (' Shamsul Kamar ') Takehito Hirano  Independent Non-Executive Director and Chairman Chief Executive Offi cer and Executive Director Executive Director Executive Director Independent Non-Executive Director Independent Non-Executive Director Non-Independent Non-Executive Director   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The principal functions of the Board, in addition to carrying out its statutory responsibilities, in ter alia, are as follows:

- (i) overseeing and approving strategic formulation of the Group's overall long-term objectives and directions, taking into consideration sustainability issues, e.g. envi ronmental and social factors;
- (ii) overseeing  and  reviewing  the  management  of  the  Group's  busines s  affairs  and  financial  controls, performance and resource allocation, including ensuring that the required financial and human resources are available for the Group to meet its objectives;
- (iii) monitoring  the  performance  of  Group's  management  (' Management ')  towards  achieving  organisational goals;
- (iv) establishing  a  framework of  prudent  and  effective  controls to  assess  and  manage  risks  and  safeguard shareholders' interests and the Group's assets;
- (v) reviewing and ev aluating the adequacy and integrity of the Group' s  internal controls, risk management and financial reporting sy stems;
- (vi) identifying the key stakeholder groups and recognising that their perceptions affect the Company's reputation;

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

- (vii) considering sustainability issues including environmental and social f actors in the formulation of the Group's strategies;
- (viii) setting the Company's values and standards (including ethical standards and code of conduct), and ensuring proper accoun tability  within  the  Group  such  that obligations  to  shareholders  and  other  stakeholders  are understood and met;
- (ix) ensuring compliance with the Code, the Companies Act 1967 o f  Singapore, the Company's Constitution, the Catalist Rules, accounting standards and other relevant statutes and regulations; and
- (x) assuming the responsibilities for corporate governance.

All Directors exercise due diligence and independent judgment, and are obliged to act in good faith and in the best int erest of the Company, so as to enhance the long term value of the Group to its shareholders. Each Director is required to promptly disclose any conflicts or potential conflicts of inter est, whether direct or indirect, in relation to any transaction or matter discussed and contemplated by the Group. Where a potential conflict of interest arises, the Director concerned will recuse himself from discussions and decisions involving the issue of con flict and refrains from exer cising any influence over other members of  the  Board  in  respect  of  the  issue  as  well  as  abstain  from participating in any Board decision.

All  Directors are expected to objective ly  discharge their duties and responsibilities at all times as fiduciaries in the interests of the Company. In line with the Board's enduring commitment to high level of corporate governance, all Directors updat e the Board on a timely basis, through the Company Secretary, of  interest  in  new  companies that were not previously disclosed to the Board. Additionally, at the start of each financial year, all Director s  submit a letter to the Company Secretary of all their interest in other companies to be read and acknowledged by the Board.

Newly appointed directors will receive a formal letter explaining their duties and responsibilities, and are provided an orientation (including site visits to the Group's principal place of operations) and are briefed on, inter  alia ,  the business operations including industry-specific information relating to the Group's busines s,  governance practices and regulatory requirements of the Group.

The  Directors are  encouraged to constantly k eep  themselves  abreast  of  the  late st  developments in  regulatory, legal and accounting frameworks that are of relevance to the Group and attend appropriate courses and seminars that will be arranged and funded by the Company. The external auditors, during their presentation of the audit plan annually, will update the Directors on the new or revised financial reporting standards. Regular updates on developments and amendments to the Companies Act, corporate governance and listing rules are circulated by the Sponsor, the Company Secretary and the Company's legal counsel to the Board.

The Directors also attend other appropriate courses and seminars to keep abreast with changes in regulations, financial reporting standards, continuing listing obligations as well as industry-related matters during FY2022. In accordance with Rule 406(3)(a) of the Catalist Rules, the Nominating Committee (' NC ')  will  ensure  that  any new director appointed by the Board, who has no prior experience as a director of an issuer listed on the SGX-ST, must undergo mandatory training in the  roles  and  responsibilities  of a  director  as  prescribed  by the  SGX-ST.  During FY2022, no new direct ors were appointed to the Board.

In FY2022, briefings and updates provided to the Directors include but not limited to the following:-

- l Updates  on  the  de velopments  in  financial  reporting  and  governance  standards,  where  relevant,  by  the ext ernal auditors of the Company to the Audit Committee and the Board;
- l Updates on business and strategies developments per taining to the Group's business by the Management to the Non-Executive Directors; and
- l Updates on news releases issued by the SGX-ST and the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority.

All  Board members have completed the mandated sustainability training course as required by the enhanced SGX sustainability reporting rules announced in December 2021.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

As part of the Company's continuing education for the Di rectors, the Management circulates to the Board, articles, reports and press release relevant to the Group's business to keep Directors updated on current industry trends and issues.

Matters specifically reserved fo r  the  Board's  approval  include  corporate restructuring, mergers and acquisitions, major investments and divestments, material acquisitions and disposals of assets, major corpora te policies on key areas of operations, major corporate actions such as share is suance, share buy-backs, the release of the Group's half-year and full-year results, declar ation of dividends and interested person transactions.

To assist in the execution of its responsibilities, the Board has , without abdicating its responsibility, es tablished three Board Committees, comprising an Audit Committee (the ' AC '), a Nominating Committee (' NC ') and a Remuneration Committee  (the  ' RC ')  (collective ly,  the  ' Board  Committees ').  These  Boar d  Committees  function  within  clearly defined written  terms  of  reference  and  operating  procedures.  The  Board  accepts  that  while  these  Board Committees have the authority to examine particular issues and report back to the Board with their decisions and recommendations, the ultimate responsibility on all matters lie with the Board. The terms of reference and further details of the activities of the Board committees in FY2022 are set out under the respective sections in this Report.

The Board meets regularly on a half-yearly basis and ad-hoc Board Committe e  or  Board meetings are convened when they are deemed necessary. The number of Board Committee and Board meetings held in FY2022 and each individual directors' attendance at such meetings is set out below:

| Director  No. of Meetings held and attended in FY2022  Board  Audit  Committee  Nominating  Committee  Remuneration  Committee  Held  Attended  Held  Attended  Held  Attended  Held  Attended  Danny Lim  2  2  2  2  2  2  2  2  Gary Chin  2  2  -  -  2  2  -  -  Desmond Chin  2  2  -  -  -  -  -  -  Ong Eng Tiang  2  2  -  -  -  -  -  -  Francis Yau  2  2  2  2  -  -  2  2  Shamsul Kamar  2  2  2  2  2  2  2  2  Takehito Hirano  2  0  -  -  -  -  -  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company recognises that the flow of relevant,  complete and accu rate information on a timely basis is criti cal for  the  Board  to  discharge its  duties  effectively.  The  Management provides the Board with half-yearly accounts, as well as relevant back ground or explanatory information relating to the matters that would be discussed at the Board meetings, prior to the scheduled meetings. All Directors are also furnished with updates on the  financial position and any material development s  of  the  Group as and whe n necessary. Directors may request to visit the Group's operating facilities and meet with the Management to gain a better understanding of the Group's business operations and corporate governance practices.

The Board may have informa l  discussions  on  matters  requiring  urgent  attention,  which  would  then  be  f ormally confirmed  and  approved  by  ci rculating  written  resolutions.  Ad-hoc  meetings  are  also  convened  whenever circumstances require. The Constitution of the Company provides for Board and Board Committee meetings to be held by way of telephonic and videoconferencing. The Board committ ees may also make decisions by way of circulating written resolution.

All Directors are required to declare their board appointments. When a Director has multiple board representations, the NC will consider whether the director is able to adequately carry out his/her duties as a director of the Company, taking  into  consideration  the  Direct or's  number  of  listed  company  board representations  and  other  principal commitments. Directors with multiple board representation s  must ensure that sufficient time and attention  are given to the aff airs of the Group.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Board (whether individuall y or as a whole) has separate and independent access to the Management, internal auditors, external auditors and the Company Secretary at all times, and may seek independent professional advice, if  neces sary, at the expense of the Company. Key management and the Company's auditors are invited to attend Board and Board Committees meetings to update and provide professiona l advice on specific issues if required. The Company Secretary attend s all Board meetings and ensures that all Board procedures are followed. The Company Secretary also ensures that the Company complies with the requirements of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore, and the Catalist Rules. The appointment and removal of the Company Secretary are subject to the app roval of the Board as a whole.

## 2. BOARD COMPOSITION AND GUIDANCE

## Principle 2: The Board has an appropriate level of independence and diversity of thought and background in its composition to enable it to make decisions in the best interests of the company.

The Board consists of seven Directors, comprising of three Executive Directors, three Independent Directors and one Non-Independent Non-Executive Director. The Independent Directors are Mr. Danny Lim, Mr. Francis Y au and Mr. Shamsul Kamar. Mr. Takehito Hirano is a Non-Independent and Non-Executive Director of the Company.

As set out under the Code, an independent director is one who is independent in conduct, character and judgement, and has no relationship with the company, its r elated corporations, its substantial shareholders or  its  officers  that could interf ere, or be reasonably perceiv ed to interfere, with the exercise of the director's independent business judgement in the best interes ts of the company. The NC assess and review annually the independence of a Director bearing in mind the salient factors as set out under the Code and Practice Guidance, as well as all other relevant circumstances and facts.

Each Independent Director is required to complete a  checklist annually to confirm his independence based on the provisions as set out in the Catalist Rules, the Code and the Practice Guidance. The NC adopts the Code 's definition of what constitute an ' independent ' director in its review. The NC takes into account, among other things, whether a Director has a business relationship with the Company, its related companies and its subst antial shareholders, and if  so,  whether such relationships could interfere, or be  reasonably perceived to interfere, with the exercise of the Director's independent business judgment with a view to the best interes ts of the Company.

For FY2022, the Board considers Mr. Danny Lim, Mr. Francis Yau and Mr. Shamsul Kamar to be independent on the following basis:

- (a) The Independent Directors: (i) are not employed by the Company or any of its related corporations for the current or any of the past three financial years; an d (ii)  do  not  have  an  immediate family  member who is employed or has  been  employed  by  the  Company  or  any  of  its  related  corporations for  the  past  three financial years, and whose remuneration is determined by the RC.
- (b) None  of  the  Independent  Directors  has served  on  the  Board  beyond  nine  years  from  the  date  of  first appointment.
- (c) None of the Independent Dir ectors and their immediate family member had in the current or immediate past  financial  year  (i)  pro vided  or  received  material services  or  payments  aggregated  over  any  financial year in excess of S$50,000 for services other than compensation for board service; or (ii) was a substantial shareholder, partner, executive officer or a director of any organization which provided or received payments aggregated over any financial year in excess of S$200,000 for services rendered.
- (d) None of the Independent Directors a re directly associated with a substantial shareholder of the Company.

The Independence of each Independent Non-Executive Director is asse ssed at least annually by the NC. P articular scrutiny is applied in assessing the continued independence of Directors having served beyond nine years from the date of his first appointment, with attention to ensuring their allegiance remains clearly aligned with shareholders' interest. As of the date of this Report, there is no Independent Director who has served for an aggregate period of nine or more years from the date of his first appointment.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The  Company  has  complied  with  the  relevant provisions  as  the  Board  is  made  up  of  at  least  one-third  of independent director s  and a majority of non-executive directors. Hence, the Board and NC are satisfied that  the Board is able to exercise independent and objective judgment on corporat e affairs and provide the Management with a diverse and objective perspective on issues.

The composition of the Board and Board Committees is reviewed on an annual basis by the NC to ensure that the Board and the Board Committees has the appropriate mix of expertise and experience, and collecti vely possesses the necessary core competencies for effective functioning and informed decision-making. The Company's board diversity policy endorses the principle that its Board should have a balance of skills, knowledge, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to its business so as to mitigate against groupthink and to ensure that the Group has the opportunity to benefit from all available talents to meet the strategic needs of the business and nature  of  the  environment  which  the  Company  operates.  This  will  contribute  to  the  formation  of  a  strong organisation and bring the competitive advantage, robust understanding of opportunities, issues and risks, inclusion of different concepts, ideas and relationships, enhanced decision-making and dialogue, and heightened capacity for oversight of the Company and its governance. In reviewing Board composition and succession planning, the NC considers the benefits of all aspects of diversity, including diversity of background, experience, gender, age and other relevant factors. These differences will be considered in determining the optimum composition of the Board and when possible, should be balanced appropriately. The Board is mindful that diversity is not specific to gender or certain personal attributes but would extend to sectorial diversity, diversity as to experience and skills across various disciplines to ensure that diversity would enhance the long-term success of the Group. All Board appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board.

The current Board composition provides a diversity of skills, experience and knowledge to the Company as follows:

| Balance and Diversity of the Board  Number of  Directors  Proportion  of Board  (%)  Core Competencies  - Accounting/Finance/Legal/Corporate governance  6  86  - Industry/Customer based knowledge or experience  5  71  - Strategic planning experience  6  86  Gender  - Male  7  100  - Female  -  -  Age  &gt;60  1  14  51-60  5  72  41-50  1  14   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Board as a whole comprises members with core competencies in accounting and finance, legal, business and management experience, industry knowledge, strategic  planning and customer-based experience and knowledge. This  enables  the  Management  to benefit  from  the  external  and  expert  per spectives  of  the  Directors  who cons tructively challenge key issues and strategies put forth by Management.

The  NC,  with  concurrence  of  the  Board,  is  of  the  opinion  that  the  Board's  present  size  and  composition  to  be appropriate for the Company's needs and nature of the operations, with an objective of achieving a good mix and diversity of skills, e xperiences, gender and knowledge of the business to ensure that the Board will be able to make satisfactory and independent decisions regarding the affairs of the Company .

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Independent Non-Executive Directors participat e actively in Board meetings. With their professional expertise and competency in their respective fields in the legal, finance, accounting and commercial sectors, collective ly,  the Independent Non-Executive Directors provide constructive advice and guidance for effective discharge by the Board of its principal functions over the Group's s trategies, businesses and other affairs.

The Non-Executive Directors and/or Independent Di rectors meet among themselves without the presence of the Management at lea st once a year. The Independent Directors communicate regularly to discuss matters related to the Group, including, inter alia, the per formance of the Management. During FY2022, the Independent Directors, communicated  among  themselves  without  the  presence  of  Management  as  and  when  the  need  arose.  Where appropriate, the Independent Directors provide feedback to the Board after such meetings.

The profiles of the Directors are set out on pages 11 to 14 of this Annual Report.

## 3. CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

## Principle 3: There  is  a  clear  division  of  responsibilities  between  the  leadership  of  the  Board  and Management, and no one individual has unfettered powers of decision-making.

Mr. Danny Lim holds the position  as  Chairman  of  the  Board  whi le  Mr.  Gary  Chin  is  the  Chief  Executive  Officer (' CEO ') of the Company. Both positions are held by separat e individuals to ensure an appropriate balance of power, increased accountability and greater capacity for independent decision-making.

The overall role of the Chairman is to lead and ensure the effectiveness of the Boa rd which includes:-

- (a) promoting a culture of openness and debate at the Board;
- (b) facilitating the effective contribution of all direct ors;
- (c) encouraging constructive relations between the Board and Management as well as between the executive directors and independent directors;
- (d) promoting high standards of corporate governance with full support of the Board, the Management and the Company Secretaries; and
- (e) ensuring effective communi cation with shareholders.

There is a clear division between the leadership of the Board and the CEO. The CEO is responsible for the day-to-day operations of the Group, as well as to carry out the Board's decisions. The Chairman and the CEO are not related.

As  the  Chairman  is  a  separate  independent  individual,  there  is  no  need  for  a  lead  independent  director  to  be appointed.

## 4. BOARD MEMBERSHIP

## Principle 4: The Board has a formal and transparent process for the appointment and re-appointment of directors, taking into account the need for progressive renewal of the Board.

The NC is responsible for making recommendations on all board appointments and re-nominations, having regard to the contribution and performance of the Director seeking re-election.

The NC comprises Mr. Danny Lim, Mr. Gary Chin and Mr. Shamsul Kamar. The chairman of the NC is Mr. Shamsul Kamar. A majority of the NC, including the chairman, is independent.

The written terms of reference of the NC have been approved and adopted. The key responsibilities of the NC are:

- (a) review the structure, size and c omposition (including skills, qualifications, experience and diversity) of the Board and Boar d Committees and recommend changes, if any, to the Board;

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

- (b) nominate director (including Independent Directors) taking into consideration each Directors' contribution, performance and  ability  to  commit  sufficient  time,  resources  and  attention  to  the  aff airs  of  our  Group including their principal occupation and board representations in other companies;
- (c) review and recommend the appointment and re-appointment of directors (including alternate directors, if applicable);
- (d) determine annually whether or not  a  director  (including  alternat e director) of the Company is independent having regard to the Code and any other salient factors;
- (e) develop a process for evaluating the effectiveness and per formance of the Board and its committees; and propose objective performance criteria,  as  approved by the Board, that allow comparison with the industry peers (if available) and address how the Board has enhanced long term shareholders' value;
- (f) assess the performance of the Board as a whole and contribution of each director to the effectiveness of the Board;
- (g) recommend the membership of the Board committees to the Board;
- (h) review of succession plans for Board Chairman, Directors, CEO and key management personnel (' KMP ') of the Company;
- (i) review and decide, in respect of a director who has multiple board representations on various companies, whether or not, such director is able to and has been adequately carrying out his duties as a director , having regard to the competing time commitments that are faced by the director when serving on multiple boards and discharging his duties towards other principal commitments;
- (j) determine and recommend to the Board on the maximum number of listed company board representations which any director may hold;
- (k) review of training programmes for the Board and assist with similar programmes for the Board Committees;
- (l) review and approv e any new employment of persons relat ed to the director(s) and substantial shareholder(s), and the proposed terms of their emplo yment;
- (m) keep  up  to  date  with  developments  in  corporate  governance  initiatives,  changes  to  relevant  legislations, strategic issues and commercial changes that may affect the Company and the industry in which it operates; and
- (n) other  acts  as may  be  required  by  the  Singapo re  Exchange  Securities  Trading  Limited  and  the  Code  of Corporate Governance from time to time.

Having made its review on an annual basis, taking into consideration the checklist provide d by the Independent Directors as mentioned under Principle 2 above, the NC has affirmed that Mr. Danny Lim, Mr. Francis Yau and Mr. Shamsul Kamar have satisfied the criteria f or independence. Each of the Independent Director s has also confirmed his independence.

The Company do not have a formal criteria of selection for the appointment of new Directors to the Board. When a vacancy arises under any circumstance, either as part of the Board renewal process or where it is considered that  the  Board  would  benefit  f rom the services  of  a  new  director  with  particular  skills,  the  NC,  in  consultation with the Board, will determine the selection criteria and will select candidates with the appropriate expertise and experience for the position. The NC and Board will also consider the principles of the Board Diversity Policy in place during its search for a new Director. In its search and nomination process for new directors ,  the  NC  may rely on search companies, personal contacts and recommendations for the right candidates. The NC will make reference checks, meet up with the candidates and assess their suitability prior to  making recommendations to the Board. Furthermore, the Board will also conduct thoroug h checks on candidates' backgroun d and experience, especially on any record of public reprimand and criminal record. Shortlisted candidates will then meet up with the other Board members before the Board approves the appointment.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Board appointments are made by the Board after the NC has, upon reviewing the resume of the proposed Director and conducting appropriate interviews, recommended the appointment to the Board and the Board approving the appointment. Pursuant to the Constitution of the Company, each Di rector is required to reti re at least once every three years by rotation, and all newly appointed Directors who are appoin ted by the Board are required to retire at the next annual general meeting following their appointment. The retiring Direc tors are eligible to offer themselves for re-election.

The  dates  of  initial  appointment  together  with  their  directorships  in  other  listed  companies  and  principal commitments, are set out below:

| Director  Position  Date of initial  appointment  Date of last  re-appointment  Current directorships in  listed companies  Other Principal  Commitments (outside  the Group)  Danny Lim  Independent  Non-Executive  Director &amp;  Chairman of the  Board  31 December  2019  17 June 2020  l  Kimly  Limited  l  Stamford Land  Corporation Limited  l  Choo Chiang Holdings  Ltd  l  ValueMax Group  Limited  Rajah &amp; Tann Singapore  LLP  Gary Chin  Executive  Director and  Chief Executive  Office  r  2 February 2016  29 April 2022  -  -  Desmond Chin  Executive  Director  9 June 2016  29 April 2021  -  -  Ong Eng Tiang  Executive  Director  9 June 2016  29 April 2022  -  -  Francis Yau  Independent  Non-Executive  Director  9 June 2016  29 April 2021  Abundance International  Limited  Megachem Limited  Shamsul Kamar  Independent  Non-Executive  Director  1 June 2021  29 April 2022  G.H.Y Culture &amp; Media  Holding Co., Limited  l  Aljunied GRC GROs  (Kaki Bukit)  l  Education Services  Union  l  PAP Community  Foundation  (PCF Kaki Bukit)  l  SK Asia Consulting Pte  Ltd  Takehito Hirano  Non-  independent  Non-Executive  Director  16 October 2018  29 April 2022  Fullcast Holdings Co.,  Ltd.  (Listed on Tokyo Stock  Exchange)  l  F-Plain Corporation  l  Hirano Associates Co.,  Ltd  l  D.League.inc   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Mr.  Danny  Lim,  Mr.  Desmond  Chin  and  Mr.  Francis  Yau  will  retire  at  the  forthcoming  annual  general  meeting (' AGM ')  pursuant to Regulation 117 of the Company's Constitution. Mr. Danny Lim and Mr. Desmond Chin had offered themselves for re-election at the forthcoming AGM. Mr. Francis Yau will step down as Independent NonExecutive Director of the Company upon conclusion of the forthcoming AGM and a separate announcement will be released on the same. The NC, having considered Mr. Danny Lim and Mr. Desmond Chin's overall contribution and performance, had recommended their re-election to the Board and the Board has concurred with the NC's recommendation.  Please  refer  to  the  section  entitled  ' Disclosure  of  Information  on  Directors  Seeking  Reelection ' of this Annual Report for the information as set out in Appendix 7F to the Catalist Rules. The Board wishes to convey its appreciation to Mr. Francis Yau.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

As explained in Principle 1 above, the Directors are provided a formal letter detailing their duties and responsibilities to  th e Company. When a Director has multiple board representations, the NC also considers whether or not the Director is able to and has adequat ely carried out his duties as a Director of the Company. The NC is satisfied that sufficient time and attention has been given by the Directors to the affairs of the Company at the Board meetings, Board committees' meetings and/or discussion sections. The NC is  of  the  view  that  the  matter  relating  to  multiple board representations should be left to the judgement of each Director given that time requirements for diffe rent board representations vary. As such, the NC and the Board have decided that there is no necessity to det ermine the maximum number of listed company board representations which a Director may hold at this point in time.

Each member of the NC has abstained from reviewing and voting on any resolution relating to the assessment of his performance and independence, or his re-nomination as Director, or in any matter where he has an int erest.

The Company does not have any al ternate Director on Board current ly and none of the Directors hold sha res in the subsidiaries of the Company.

The key information regarding the Directors are set out on pages 11 to 14 and pages 60 to 65 of this Annual Report.

## 5. BOARD PERFORMANCE

## Principle 5: The Board undertakes a formal annual assessment of its effectiv eness as a whole, and that of each of its board committees and individual directors.

The Board's performance is linked to the overall performance of the Gr oup. The Board ensures that the Company is  in  compliance with the applicable laws, and members of our Board are required to act in good faith, with due diligence and care, and in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders.

On an annual and f ormal basis, the NC assesses the effectiv eness of the Board as a whole and the contribution by each Director (including the Chairman) to  the  effectiveness of the Board as well as the effectiveness of the Board Committees.

For the  financial yea r  under  review,  each  individual  Director  has  completed  assessment  checklists  with  a  set  of proposed per formance criteria determined by the NC which includes matters such as the Board's structure, conduct of Board and Board Committee meetings, risk management and internal control, as well as the Board's relationship with the Management. The NC also assesses the Board's performance based on a set of quantitative criteria and financial  performance  indicators  as  wel l  as  share  price  performance.  The  completed  assessment  checklists are submitted to the Company Secretary for collation and the r esults  are  presented  to  the  NC  for  their  review. Individual Director's performance through self-asse ssment and peer review by comp leting  the  Individual  Director Assessment Checklist and Director Peer P erformance Evaluation Forms, which ta kes into consideration factors such as commitment of time for meetings, level of participation and contribution at such meetings and the technical knowledge of the Directors.

The performance criteria are not subject to changes from year to year. Nonethele ss, where circumstances deem it nece ssary for any of the criteria to be changed, the Board will justify such changes.

The Board and the NC have endeavoured to ensure that Directors appointed to the Board possess the background, experience, business knowledge, finance and management skills critical  to  the  Group's  business. They also ensure that  each Director, with his unique skillsets, contributes t o the Board by bringing with him an  independent and objective perspective of matters to enable balanced and well-considered decisions to be made.

The Company did not engage any external facilitator for the evaluation process during FY2022. Where necessary, the NC will consider such an engagement.

## 6. REMUNERATION MATTERS

## Principle 6: The Board has a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies on director and executive remuneration, and for fixing the remuneration packages of individual directors and key management personnel. No director is involved in deciding his or her own remuneration.

The RC makes recommendations to the Board on the framework o f  remuneration, and the specific remuner ation packages for each Director. The RC comprises Mr. Danny Lim, Mr. Francis Y au and Mr. Shamsul Kamar all of whom are Independent Non-Executive Directors. The chairman of the RC is Mr. Danny Lim.

The terms of reference of the RC have been approved and adopted. The key responsibilities of the RC are:

- (a) recommend to the Board a remuneration policy/framework for the Directors and KMPs;
- (b) recommend to the Board the specific remuneration packages for each direct or as well as for the KMPs;
- (c) re view the remuneration of employees related to the directors and substantial shareholders to ensure that their remuneration packages are in line with the staff remuneration guidelines and commensura te with their respective job scopes and level of responsibilities;
- (d) review and consider all aspects of remuneration and remuneration policy for directors and KMPs, including termination t erms and payments, to ensure they are fair;
- (e) review the design of all long-term and short-term incentive plans for directors and KMPs for approval by the Board and/or shareholders;
- (f) work and  liaise,  as  necessary,  with  all  other  Board  Committees  on  any other  matters  connected  with remuneration;
- (g) keep  up  to  date  with  developments  in  corporate  governance  initiatives,  changes  to  relevant  legislations, strategic issues and commercial changes that may affect the company and the industry in which it operates; and
- (h) other acts as may be required by the Singapore Exchange Securities T rading Limited and the Code from time to time.

The members of the RC are familiar with executive compensation matt ers as they manage their own businesses and/or are holding other senior positions and di rectorships. The RC has access to expert advice regarding executive compensation matters, if required.

The RC's recommendations will be submitted for endorsement by the Board. No member of the RC or any Director is involved in deciding his own remuneration.

The RC review the Company' s  obligations arising in the event of termination of the Executive Directors and KMP's contracts of services, to ensure that such contracts of service contain fair and reasonable termination clauses which are not overly generous with an aim to be fair and avoid rewarding poor performance.

The  RC  from  time  to  tim e  and  where  necessary  will  seek advice  from  the  external  remuneration  consultant  in framing the remune ration policy and determining the level and mix of remuneration for Directors and KMPs. The Board did not engage any external remuneration consultant to advise on remune ration matters for FY2022. None of the membe rs of the RC or any Director is involved in deliberations in respect of any remuneration, compensation or any form of benefits to be granted to him.

## 7. LEVEL AND MIX OF REMUNERATION

## Principle 7: The  level  and  structure  of  remuneration  of  the  Board  and  key  management  personnel are appropriate and proportionate to the sustained performance and value creation of the company, taking into account the strategic objectives of the company.

In  setting  remuneration  packages,  the  RC  takes  into  accoun t  pay  and  employment  conditions  within the  same industry  and  in  comparable companies,  as  well  as  the  Group's  relative  performance  and  the  performance  of individual Directors and KMPs. The remuneration package is designed to all ow the Company to better align the interests  of  the  Executive  Directors  and  KMPs  with  those  of  shareholders  and  link  rewards  to  corporate  and individual performance.

The Non-Executive and Independent Directors receive directors' fees f or their effort and time spent, responsibilities and level of contribution to the Board and Board Committees, and are subject to shareholders' approval at AGM. The  RC  also  ensures  that  the  Independent  Director  should  not  be  over-compensated  to  the  extent  that  their independence is compromised.

The Company has entered into fixed-term service agreements with the Executive Directors, namely Mr. Desmond Chin, Mr. Gary Chin and Mr. Ong Eng Tiang. The service agreements are valid for an initial period o f three years with effect from the date of admission of the Company to the Catalist. Subsequent to the expiry of the initial period of three years, the employment of Mr. Desmond Chin, Mr. Gary Chin and Mr. Ong Eng Tiang have been renewed for three years from 1 July 2022 on such terms and conditions as the parties ag reed in writing. Following the period of three years, either party may terminate the service agreements at any time by giving the other party not less than six months' notice in writing.

The Company has also entered into separate employment contracts with the KMPs which provides for remuneration payab le to them, annual leave entitlement and termination arrangements.

Remuneration for the Executive Directors comprises a basic salary component as well as fixed and variable inc entive bonus component that is based on the performance of the Group as a whole and the ability to meet certain profit t argets.  KMPs are paid basic salary and  performance  bonus  is  based  o n  a  yearly  appraisal.  All  revision s  to  the remuneration packages for the Directors and KMPs are subjected to the review by and approval of the RC and the Board. Directors' fees are further subjected to the approval of the shareholders at the AGM. For 2022, direc tors' fee  of  S$148,000,  payable  quarterly  in  arrears  is  recommended  by  the  Board  and  is  subject to  the  approval  of shareholders at the forthcoming AGM of the Company.

Bot h  the  Advancer  Global  Employ ee  Share  Option  Scheme  (the  ' Advancer Global ESOS ')  and  Advancer  Global Performance Share Plan (the ' Advancer Global PSP ') form an integral component of the compensation plan and are designed primarily to reward and retain the Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors (including the Independent Directors) and employees whose services  are  vital  to  Group's  well-being  and  success.  The  RC  is  responsible  for administering the Company' s Advancer Global ESOS and Advancer Global PSP.

## 8. DISCLOSURE ON REMUNERATION

## Principle 8: The  company  is  transparent  on  its  remuneration  policies,  level  and  mix  of  remuneration, the  procedure  for  setting  remuneration,  and  the  relationships  between  remuneration, performance and value creation.

The Board is of the view that full disclosure of the specific remuneration of each individual  Director and the CEO is  not  in the  best  interests  of  the  Company ,  taking  into  account  the  sensitive  nature of  the  subject,  the  highly competitive business environment the Group operates in and the potential negative impact such disclosure will have on the Group, and that the current disclosure on a named basis and in bands of S$250,000 including the provision of a breakdown in percentage terms is sufficient.

The Company only has 2 KMPs (who are not Directors or the CEO) during FY2022 and their remuneration is disclosed in bands of S$250,000.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The level and mix of remuneration paid or payable to the Directors and KMPs for FY2022 are set out as follows:

| Salary  &amp; CPF  Bonus  &amp; CPF  Director's  Fee (1)  Other  Benefits  Total  Remuneration Bands  %  %  %  %  %  Directors  S$250,000 to below S$500,000  Gary Chin  80  20  -  -  100  Ong Eng Tiang  80  20  -  -  100  Desmond Chin  80  20  -  -  100  Below S$250,000  Danny Lim  -  -  100  -  100  Francis Yau  -  -  100  -  100  Takehito Hirano  -  -  100  -  100  Shamsul Kamar  -  -  100  -  100  Key Management  S$250,000 to below S$500,000  Francis Chin  81  19  -  -  100  Below S$250,000  Li Ying  (2)  81  19  -  -  100   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

(1) Directors' fees have been approved by the shareholders of the Company at the AGM held on 29 April 2022.

(2) Ms. Li Ying resigned and ceased being the Chief Financial Officer of the Company on 31 January 2023.

The aggregate remuneration paid to the KMPs of the Company (who are not Directors or CEO) in FY2022 amounted to approximatel y S$558,325.

There are no termination, retirement or post-employment benefits that are grant ed to the Directors, CEO and the KMPs of the Group.

Save  as  disclosed  below,  there  were  no  empl oyees  of  the  Company  who  are  sub stantial  shareholders  or  are immediate  f amily  members  of  any  Director, the  CEO  or  a  substantial  shareholder  and  whose  remuneration exceeded S$100,000 during FY2022.

| Salary &amp; CPF  Bonus &amp; CPF  Total  Remuneration Bands  %  %  %  S$200,000 to S$300,000  Francis Chin  (1)  81  19  100  Chin Chwee Hwa (1)  94  6  100  $100,000 to S$200,000  Chin Yin Yee, Stanley  (2)  85  15  100   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

(1) Francis Chin  and Chin Chwee Hwa are the siblings of Desmond Chin (Executive Director and substantial shareholder) and Gary Chin (Executive Director,  CEO and substantial shareholder). Francis Chin is Head of Employment Services while Chin Chwee Hwa is a director at World C lean Facilities Services Pte. Ltd..

(2) Chin Yin Yee, Stanley is the son of Mr Chin Chwee Hwa and nephew of Desmond Chin (Executive Director and substantial sha reholder) and Gary Chin (Executive Director, CEO and substantial shareholder). Chin Yin Yee, Stanley is the Head of Business Development at SRE Global Pte. Ltd.

The  Company  had  adopted  the  Advanc er  Global  ESOS  and  Advancer  Global  PSP.  The  RC's  duties  include  the administration of the Advancer Global ESOS and Advancer Global PSP.

The aggregate number of shares or options over which the RC may grant on any date, when added to the number of shares issued and issuable or transferred and to be transferred in respect of all options granted under the Advancer Global ESOS and the number of shares issued and issuable or transferred and to be transferred in respect of all options or awards granted under an y  other share option schemes or share schemes of our Company, including the Advancer Global PSP, shall not exceed 15% of the total number of issued shar es (excluding shares held by our Company as treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) on the day immediately preceding the date on which an offer to grant an option is made.

The exercise price of the options shall be fixed by the RC at:

- (a) the Market Price (as defined below); or
- (b) a  price  which is set at a discount to the Market Price, the quantum of such discount to be determined by the RC in its absolute discretion, provided that the maximum discount which may be given in respect of any option shall not exceed 20% of the Market Price in respect of that option.

Market Price is the average of the last dealt prices f or a share determined by reference to the daily Official List published by the SGX-ST for a period of 5 consecutive market days immediately prior to the relevant offer date provided always that in the case of a market day on which the shares are not traded on the SGX-ST, the last dealt price for shar es on such market day shall be deemed to be  the  last  dealt  price  of  the  sha res on the immediately preceding market day on which the shares were traded.

Durin g FY2017, there were 1,156,500 share options granted to the employee s  (not  being  a  director  or  substantial shareholder) of which 1,156,500 share options had lapsed as at 31 December 2022 due to r esignation of employees or the share options were not exercised. Further details on th e options or awards granted pursuant to the Advancer Global ESOS can be found in the Directors' Statement and Not es to the Financial Statements on pages 67 and 68 and 131 and 132 respectively.

Since  the  commencement of the Advancer Global ESOS, there were no share options granted to the Directors, controlling shareholders and their associates, nor di d any participant receive 5% or more of the total number of options available under the Advancer Global ESOS.

Under the Advancer Global PSP, the maximum number of shares issuable or to be transfer red by our Company pursuant to awards granted under the Advanc er  Global  PSP  on  any  date ,  when  aggregated  with  the  aggregate number of  shares  over  which  options  or  awards  are  grant ed  under  any  other  share  option  scheme s  or  share schemes of our Company, will be 15% of our Company's total number of issued shares (excluding shares held by our Company as treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) on the day preceding that date. No share awards have been issued since the commencement of the Advancer Global PSP to date.

## 9. RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS

## Principle 9: The Board is responsible for the governance of risk and ensures that Management maintains a sound system of risk management and internal controls, to safeguard the interest of the company and its shareholders.

The Board acknowledges that it is responsible for the overall internal control framework, but recognises that no cost-effective control syst em will preclude all errors and irregularities, as a system is designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives and can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

The  Group  has  implemen ted  a  system  of  internal  cont rols  designed  to  provide  reasonable  but  not  absolute assurance  that  assets  are  safeguarded,  proper  accounting  records  are  maintained,  operational  controls are  adequate  and  business  risks are  suitably  managed.  The  Board  ov ersees  the  Management  in  the  design, implementation and monitoring of the risk management and internal control systems, and  reviews the adequacy and effectiveness of such systems at least annually.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The AC has appointed CLA Global TS Risk Advisory Pte. Ltd. (formerly Nexia TS Risk Advisory Pte Ltd) (' CLA Global TS ')  as  internal  auditors  (' IA ')  to  perform  a  review  of  the  internal  controls  of  the  Group  in  accordance  with  the Standards for the Professional Practi ce of Internal Auditing laid down by th e  International Professional Practices Framework  issued  by  the  Institute  of  Internal  Auditors.  For  FY2022,  the  internal  audit  review  f ocused  on  the Group's  sales,  procurement,  cash  and  bank  management  for  the  general  cleaning  and  stewarding  business as well as sustainability reporting processes. No high risk items were noted in the review. The findings from the review per formed by the IA, including any material non-complian ce  or  lapses  in  internal  controls,  together  with recommendations for improvement, are reported to the AC and the Board. Timel y and proper implementation of all required corrective, preventive or improvement measures are closely monitored by the AC. CLA Global TS is part of CLA Global, which currently ranks among the top 15 global accounting and advisory organizations in the world. CLA Global TS possesses vast experience in providing internal audits, risk management services and advisory services in the region. The current engagement team as signed comprises 3 members and is led by the engagement director who is a Chartered Accountant (Singapore), a member of the Institute of Internal Auditors (Singapore) and has more than 12 years of experien ce performing internal audits for listed companies. Taking into account the above, the AC is of the view that the IA function is independent, effective and adequately resourc ed.

The Board and the AC work c losely with the IA, external auditors and the Management to institute, execute and monitor relevant controls with a view to enhance the G roup's risk management system. Having considered the scale of  the  Group's operation and current existing risk management and internal control system, the  Board is  of  the view that no separate Board risk committee is required for the time being as the Board is current ly  assisted by the AC, internal and external auditors in carrying out its responsibility of overseeing the Group's risk  management framework and policies.

The Board has received assurance from (a) the CEO and the Chief Financial Officer (' CFO ') that the financial records have been p roperly maintained and the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 give a true and fair view of the Company's operations and finances; and (b) th e CEO, Executive Directors an d the CFO that the Company's risk management and internal control systems in place is adequate and effective in addre ssing the  material  risks  in  the  Compan y  in  its  current  business  environment  including  material  financial,  operational, complianc e and information technology controls, and risk management systems.

Based on the assurance from the CEO, Executive Directors and CFO referre d to in the preceding paragraph, the various  internal  controls  pu t  in  place  by  the  Group, the  work  performed and reports submitt ed by the internal auditors of the Group and the reviews carried out by the Board and the AC, the Board, with the concurrence of the AC, is of the opinion that the risk management and internal control systems of the Group, addressing financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls, were adequate and effective as at 31 December 2022.

An overview of the key risks, the extent of the Group's exposure and the approach to managing these risks are set out on pages 137 to 147 of the Annual Report.

## 10. AUDIT COMMITTEE

## Principle 10:   The Board has an Audit Committee which discharges its duties objectively.

The AC comprises Mr. Francis Yau, Mr. Shamsul Kamar and Mr. Danny Lim, all  of  whom  are  Independent  NonExecutive Directors. The chairman of the AC is Mr .  Francis  Yau. No former partner or Director of the Company's existing audit firm or auditing corporation is a member of the A C and none of them have financial interes t  in  the Company's existing auditing or auditing corporation. The members of the AC have sufficient accounting or financial management expertise, as interpreted by the Boa rd in its business judgment, to discharge the AC's functions.

The written  terms  of  reference  of  the  AC  have  been approved and adopted. The key responsibilities of the  AC include:

- (a) review with the external auditors the audit plans, their evaluation of the system of int ernal controls, their audit report, their management letter and the management's response thereto;

- (b) review with the internal auditors the internal audit plans, which includes a review of the interested person transactions including the guidelines and procedures for the monitoring of all such transactions, and their evaluation of the adequacy of our internal control (including the eff ectiveness of the procedures in relation to compliance with the rules and regulations applicable to the Group's operations), accounting system and the management's response before submission of the results of such review to the Board for approval prior to the incorporation of such results in the Company's annual report (where necessary);
- (c) review the half yearly and annual consolidated financial statements and any formal announcements relating to the Group's  financial performance, and discuss on changes in accounting policies and practices, major risk  areas,  significant  adjustments  resulting  from  the  audit,  significant reporting  issues  and  judgements, compliance  with  accounting  standards  as  well  as compliance  with  any  stock  exchange  and  statutory/ regulatory  requirements, concerns  and  issues  arising  fro m their  audits  including  any  matters  which the auditors may wish to discuss in  the  absence  of  management  to  ensu re  the  integrity  of  the  consolidat ed financial statements and the announcements relating the Group's financial performance, where necessary, before submission to the Board for approval;
- (d) review  the  internal  control  and  procedures  and  ensure  co-ordination  between  the  external  and  internal auditors and the Management, and revie w the assistance given by the  Management to the auditors, and discuss problems and concerns, and any matters which the auditors may wish to discuss in the absence of the Management, where necessary;
- (e) review and report to the Board at lea st  annually on the adequacy and effectiveness of the company's risk management and internal controls;
- (f) review and discuss with the external and internal auditors any suspected fraud or irregularity, or suspec ted infringement of any relevant laws, rules or regulations, which has or is likely t o have a material impact on the Group 's operating results or financial position, and the Management 's response;
- (g) review the independence an d objectivity of the external and internal auditors, taking into account the nonaudit services provided by them, as well as consider the appointment or re-appointment of the external and internal auditors and matters relating to resignation or dismissal of the auditors, including approving the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external and internal auditors;
- (h) make recommendations to the Board on the proposals to the Shareholders with regard to the appointment, re-appointment and removal of external and internal auditors, and approve the remuneration and terms of engagement of the auditors;
- (i) review  all  interested  person  transactions  and  determine  methods  or  procedures  for  checking  that  the transaction prices are adequate for transactions to be carried out on normal commercial terms, and that they will not pr ejudice the company or its minority shareholders.
- (j) review potential conflicts of interests (if any) and to set out a framework to resolve or mitigate any pot ential conflicts of interest;
- (k) review ke y financial risk areas and key audit matt ers, with a view to providing an independent oversight on the Group's financial r eporting, the outcome of such review to be disclosed in the annual reports or if the findings are material, immediately announced via SGXNet;
- (l) review all hedging policies and instruments, if any, to be implemented by the Group;
- (m) undertake such other review s  and projects as may be requested by the Board and r eport to the Board its findings from time to time on matters arising and requiring the attention of the AC;
- (n) review the policy and procedures by which the employees may, in confidence, raise conc erns to the chairman of the AC on possib le improprieties in matters of financial r eporting or other matters, and ensure that there are arrangements in place for the independent investigations of such matter and for appropriate follow-up in relation thereto;

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

- (o) review  the  c ompany's  programmes  and  policies  to  identify and  prevent  fraud  as  well  as  work  with management to oversee the establishment of appropriate controls and anti-fraud programmes;
- (p) review  and  discuss  wit h  investigators,  any  suspected  fraud,  irregularity,  or  failure  of internal  controls  or suspected infringement o f  any  relevant  laws,  rules or  regulations  of  the  jurisdictions  in  which  the  Group operates,  which  has or  is  likely  to  have a  material  impact  on  our  Group's operating  results  or  financial position, and our Management's response thereto;
- (q) review the  adequacy  and  effectiveness  o f  the  risk  management  and  internal  contro l  (including  financial, operational, compliance and in formation technology controls), and sta tes whether the AC concurs with the Board's comment on adequacy and effectiveness of the company's internal controls and risk management systems. These may include reviewing management and/o r assurance provider reports to highlight significant findings and recommendations, including management's responses;
- (r) review the assurance p rovided by the CEO and CFO on the financial records and financial statements;
- (s) r eview the assurance provided by  the CEO and other KMPs on the effectivenes s  of  risk  management and internal controls; and
- (t) review of Group's compliance with such functions and duties as may be required under the relevant statutes or the Listing Manual, including such amendments made thereto from time to time.

The AC has full authority to investigate any matter within its t erms of reference, full access to and cooperation from the Management, and full  discretion to invite any Director, executive officer or other employ ee of the Group to attend its meetings, and is given reasonable resources to enable it to discharge its functions p roperly and effectively.

During FY2022, the external auditors and internal auditors were invited to attend the AC meetings to present their audit plan and audit findings report to the AC. The AC has met with the external and internal auditors without the presence of the Management, once during FY2022.

The external auditors update the AC on any changes in accounting standards impacting the financial statements of  the  Group befor e an audit commences. Significant mat ters that were discussed with the Management and the external auditors have been included as key audit matte rs as set out in the Auditors' Report for FY2022.

The following key audit matt ers were discussed between external audi tors and Management, and reviewed by the AC.

| Key Audit Matter  How the AC reviewed these matters and what decisions were made  Impairment Assessment on  Goodwill  The  AC  has  considered  and  is  satisfied  with  the  approac  h  and  methodology  applied to the valuation model in goodwill impairment assessment as well as the  assessment for indicators of impairment of intangible assets. The external auditors  shared their approach to the impairment review as part of their presentation of  the detailed audit  plan  and  final  audit  findings.  The impairmen  t  review is an area  of  focus  for  the  external  auditors.  The  external  auditors  has  included it  as  a  k  ey  audit matter in the independent auditors'  report for the  financial year ended 31  December 2022. Please refer to page 71 of this Annual Report.  Recoverability of Loan  Receivable from an  Associate  The  AC  has  considered  and  is  satisfied  with  the  app  roach  and  methodology  applied to the evaluation  of recoverability of loan receiv  able from an associate. The  external auditors shared their approach to the impairment review as part of their  presentation of the detai  led  audit  plan  and  final  audit  findings.  The  impairment  review  is  an  area  of  focus  for  the  external  auditors.  The  external  auditors  has  included  it  as  a  key  audit  matt  er  in  the  independent  auditors'  report  for  the  financial  year  ended  31  December  2022.  Please  refer  to  page  72  of  this  Annual  Report.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The fees paid and payable by the Company to the external auditors, Mazars LLP in FY2022 for audit and non-audit services amounted to S$290,000 and S$46,438 respectively. The AC, havin g  undertaken a review of all non-audit services provided by the external  auditors  which  relate  to taxation services and  financial due diligenc e  services provided  to  the  Group,  is  of  the  opinion  that  such services  would  not  affect  the  independen ce  of  the  external auditors. In reviewing the nomination of Mazars LLP for reappointment for the financial year ending 31 December 2023, the  AC  and  the  Board  are  satisfied  with  the  standard  and  quality  of  work  performed  by  Mazars  LLP  and have recommended the nomination of Mazars LLP for reappointment as ext ernal auditors of the Company for the ensuing year be tabled for shareholders' approval at the forthcoming AGM.

The Compan y  has  complied with Rules 712 an d  715  of  the  Catalist  Rules  in  relation  to  its  external  auditors  for FY2022.

The AC reviewed the  financial statements of the Group and the Company bef ore submitting them to the Board for its  approval and the announcement of the financial results. The AC also reviewed and monitored the Group's and the Company's financial condition, internal and external audits, and the eff ectiveness of the Group's and the Company's sy stem of accounting and internal controls.

Th e  internal  auditors  report  directly to  the  AC.  The  AC  approves  the  engagement,  removal,  evaluation  and compensation of the internal auditors. The internal auditors has full access to the  Company's documents, records, properties and  personnel.  The  AC  is  satisfied  that  the  internal  audit  firm  is  staffed  by  suitably  qualified  and experienced persons. The internal audit plan is submitted to the AC for approval prior to the commencement of the internal audit.

The Group is committed to the high standard of ethical, moral and legal business conduct and has in place a whistleblowing policy. The policy aims to provide an avenue for emp loyees and external parties to raise c oncerns about misconduct or improprieties  in  the  Group  and  at  the  same  time  assure  them  that they  will  be  protected  from victimization for whistle-blowing in goo d faith. Cases that are significant are reviewed by the AC  for adequacy of investigation actions and resolutions. The Company's whistle-blowing policy is available on the Company's website at http://advancer.sg/our-company/whistleblow/. There was no such incident reported to the AC during FY2022.

## 11. SHAREHOLDERS RIGHTS AND CONDUCT OF GENERAL MEETINGS

## Principle 11: The company treats all shareholders fairly and equitably in order to enable them to exercise shareholders'  rights  and  have  the  opportunity  to  communicate  their  views  on  matters affecting  the  company.  The  company  giv es  shareholders  a  balanced  and  understandable assessment of its performance, position and prospects.

The  Board  strongly encourages  shareholders  to  participate  in  and  vote  at  general  meetings.  Shareholders  are informed on a time ly basis of general meetings through notices published in the newspapers and through reports or circulars sent to all shareholders.

Th e  Company  tables  separate  resolutions at  general  meetings  on  each  distinct  issue  unless  the  issues  are interdependent  and  linked  so  as to  form  one  significant  proposal.  Where the  resolutions  are  ' bundled ',  the company explains the reasons and material implications in the notice of meeting. Each item of special business included in the notice of the meeting is accompanied, where appropriate, by a n explanation or circular in respect of  the  proposed  resolution.  A  proxy  f orm is  sent  with  the  notice  of  general  meeting  to  the  shareholders.  The resolutions will be put to  vote  by  poll  and  an  announcement of  the  results  showing the number of votes cast for and against each resolution and the respective percentages for general meetings will be made subsequent to the meeting.

The  Company  encourages  shareholde rs'  participation  at  general  meetings  and  all  shareholders  are  given  the opportunity to voice their views and to direct queries regarding the Group to Directors, including the chairman of each of the Board Committees. All Directors and the Company's external auditors were present at the last AGM held on 29 April 2022.

The Constitution of the Company currently allows a member of the Company who is not a relevant intermediary to appoint up to two proxies and for a member who is a rele vant intermediary to appoint more than two proxies to attend and vote and general meetings.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

For the upcoming AGM, voting at the AGM is either in-person or by proxy. Shareholders who wish to vote on any or all of the resolutions at the AGM by proxy, may appoint the Chairman of the Meeting or their designated proxies as their proxy at the AGM by completing the proxy form for the AGM, and submitted the proxy form by post or by email to the Company seventy-two (72) hours befo re the AGM.

For the time being, the Company has decided not to allow for absentia voting methods such as by mail, email and fax at the general meetings due to concerns over the authentication of shareholders' identity. Voting in absentia by mail, email or fax will only be permitted under the until security, integrity and other pertinent issues are satisfactorily resolved.

The minutes of general meetings of shareholders recording substantial and relevant comments or queries from shareholders  relating  to  the  agenda  of  the  general  meeting  and  responses  from  the  Board  and  Management are available on the Company's websi te.  In  compliance  with  the  requirements stipulated in the Order 2020, the Company will publish the minutes of the AGM on SGXNet within one (1) month from the date the AGM is held.

The Company currently does not have a formal dividend policy. The form, frequency and amount of dividends will depend on the Group's earnings, financial position, c apital needs, plans for future growth, working capital and other factors as the Board may deem appropriate. No dividend has been declared or recommended for FY2022 in view of the current economic uncertainties.

## 12. ENGAGEMENT WITH SHAREHOLDERS

## Principle 12: The company communicates regularly with its shareholders and facilitates the participation of  shareholders  during  general  meetings  and  other  dialogues  to  allow  shareholders  to communicate their views on various matters affecting the company.

The Company strives for timeliness and consi stency in its disclosures to shareholders. It is the Company's policy to keep all shareholders informed of developments or changes that will have a material impact on the Company's share price, through announcements via SGXNet. Such announcements are communicated on an immediate basis, or as soon as possible where immediate disclosure is not practicable due to  confidentiality reasons. The Company does not practice preferential and selective disclosur e to any group of shareholders.

The Company  has  its  internal  corporate  aff airs  team,  who  facilitates  communications  with  shareholders  and analysts, attend to their queries or concerns and keep them apprised of the Group's corporate developments and financial performance. The enquiries can be posted through the Company's websit e http://advancer.sg/contact-us/ .

## 13. ENGAGEMENT WITH STAKEHOLDERS

## Principle 13: The Board adopts an inclusive approach by considering and balancing the needs and interests of material stakeholders, as part of its overall responsibility to ensure that the best interests of the company are served.

The G roup has made efforts to seek the opinions of many stakeholders either through informal or formal means by evaluating the needs and expec tations of key stakeholder groups which are significant to the Group's value creation strategy and strive to build mutually beneficial relationships.

The Group has identified  diverse  stakeholder  gr oups based on their level of influence  in  the  business  and  also r egularly  engage and consult all stakeholder groups for any feedback and suggestions. Where appropriate and r elevant to the business, the Company will incorporate their feedback into the Group's plans and actions.

General information on the Group such as annual reports, financial results, news releases and  investor relations contacts ar e provided in the Company's website.

For  more information on the Company's st akeholder engagement, please refer t o  the  Company's Sustainability Report on pages 18 to 39 of the Annual Report.

## DEALINGS IN SECURITIES

In compliance with the Catalist Rules on dealings in securities, Directors and empl oyees of the Company are advised not to deal in  the  Company's shares on short-term considerations or when they are in posse ssion of unpublished price-sensitive  information.  The  Compan y  shall  not  deal  in  and  prohibits  dealings  in  its  shares  by  it s  Directors, officers  and  employ ees of  the  Group,  who  are  in  possession  of  unpublished  price  sensitive  information,  during the period commencing one month before the announcement of the  Company's half-year and full-year  financial statements, and ending on the date of the announcement of the results.

## INTERESTED PERSON TRANSACTIONS

The Company has established proc edures to ensure that all transactions with interested persons are reported in a timely manner t o the AC, and that the transactions are carried out on normal commercial terms and will not be prejudicial to the interests of the Company and its minority shareholders.

During FY2022, the Group did not enter into any interested person transactions of S$100,000 and more. The Group does not have a general mandate pursuant to Rule 920 of the Catalist Rules for interested person transactions.

## MATERIAL CONTRACT

There  were  no  material  contracts  of  the  Group  involving  the  interests  of  the  CEO,  each  Director  or  controlling shareholder, either still subsisting at the end of FY2022 or if not than subsisting except for Directors' remuneration as disclosed in the Financial Statements in this Annual Report.

## NON-SPONSOR FEES

For FY2022, no non-sponsor fees were paid to its sponsor, SAC Capital Private Limited.

## USE OF NET SUBSCRIPTION PROCEEDS

As  at  the  date  of  this  Report,  the  utilisation  of  the  net  subscription  proceeds  fr om the  Company's  issue  and allotment of 65,000,000 subscription shares on 31 August 2018 is set out as below:

| Amount  allocated  S$ million  Amount  utilised  S$ million  Balance  S$ million  Expansion of business operations  12.30  (3.39)  8.91  General  corporate  and  working  capital  purposes  of  the  Group,  mainly to support administrative and operational expenses  (1)  5.44  (5.19)  0.25  Investment in money market instruments and/or quoted securities  4.00  (2.08)  1.92  21.74  (10.66)  11.08   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

(1) Breakdown of the general and corporate working capital requirement:

| S$'000  Professional and listing related expenses  1,112  Admini  strative expenses - staff costs  682  Administrative expenses - others  93  Pur  chase of inventory for a subsidiary  170  Repayment of loan incurred by a subsidiary  300  Advances to subsidiaries for operational expenses  2,830  5,187   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION

Mr. Lim Teck Chai, Danny and Mr. Chin Mui Hiong are the Directors seeking re-election at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting of the Company to be convened and held on 28 April 2023 (' AGM ')  (collectively,  the  ' Retiring Directors ' and each a ' Retiring Director ').

Pursuant to Rule 720(5) of the Catalist Rules of the SGX-ST, the information relating to the retiring Directors as set out in Appendix 7F of the Catalist Rules of the SGX-ST are disclosed below:

| MR. LIM TECK CHAI, DANNY  MR. CHIN MUI HIONG  Date of Appointment  31 December 2019  9 June 2016  Date of last re-appointment  17 June 2020  29 April 2021  Age  49  58  Country of principal residence  Singapore  Singapore  The  Board's  comments  on  this  appointment  (including  rationale,  selection  criteria,  and  the  search  and nomination process)  The  Board  of  Directors  of  the  Company  has  considered,  among  others,  the  recommendation  of  the  Nominating  Committee  ('NC')  and  has  reviewed  and  considered  the  contribution,  expertise,  experience,  diversity  of  skillsets,  independent  and  commitment  in  the  discharge  of  duties  of  Mr  Lim  Teck  Chai,  Danny  ('Mr  Danny  Lim')  as  Independent  Non-  Executive Director of the Company  and  concluded  that  Mr  Danny  Lim  possesses  the  experience,  expertise,  knowledge  and  skills  to  contribute  towards  the  core  competencies  of  the  Board  and  is  suitable  for  re-election  as  the  I n d e p e n d e n t  Non-Executive  Director of the Company.  The  Board  of  Directors  of  the  Company  has  considered,  among  others,  the  recommendation  of  the  Nominating  Committee  ('NC')  and  has  reviewed  and  considered  the  contribution,  expertise,  experience,  diversity  of  skillsets  and  commitment  in  the  discharge  of  duties  of  Mr  Chin  Mui  Hiong  ('Mr  Desmond  Chin')  as  Executive  Director  of  the  Company  and  concluded  that  Mr  Desmond  Chin  possesses  the  experience,  expertise,  knowledge  and  skills  to  contribute  towards  the  core  competencies  of  the  Board  and  is  suitable  for  re-election  as  the  Executive Director of the Company.  Whether appointment is executive,  and if so, the area of responsibility  Non-Executive  Executive  Mr.  Desmond  Chin  is  responsible  f or  ensuring  the  overall  effectiveness  of  the  Group's  operations.  Job Title (e.g. Lead ID, AC Chairman,  AC member etc.)  I n d e p e n d e n t  Non-Executive  Director and Chairman  Chairman  of  the  Remuneration  Committee  and  member  of  the  Audit and Nominating Committees  Executive Director  Professional qualifications  Bachelor  of  Laws  (Honours)  from  the National University of Singapore  Master  of  Science  (Applied  Finance) from Nanyang Technology  University of Singapore  Advocate &amp; Solicitor, Singapore  Bachelor  of  Engineering  from  Nanyang University of Singapore  Master  of  Business  Administration  from  National  University  of  Singapore   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

| MR. LIM TECK CHAI, DANNY  MR. CHIN MUI HIONG  Working  experience  and  occupation(s)  during  the  past  10  years  December 2009 to present: Partner,  Rajah &amp; Tann LLP  October 2021 to present: Director,  Prestige International Management  Pte. Ltd.  June  2016  to  present:  Executive  Director of Advancer Global Limited  May  2016  to  present:  Director,  Advancer Global Security Pte. Ltd.  June  1994  to  May  2016:  Founder  and  shareholder  of  Nation  Employment Pte Ltd  Shareholding  interest  in  the  listed  issuer and its subsidiaries  Deemed  interest:  642,500  shares  held through iFast Financial Pte. Ltd.  Direct interest: 37,573,963 shares  Any  relationship  ( i n c l u d i n g  immediate  family  relationships)  with  any  existing  director,  existing  executive  officer,  the  issue  and/  or  substantial  shareholder  of  the  listed issue or of any of its principal  subsidiaries  No  Mr.  Desmond  Chin  is  a  brother  of  Mr.  Gary  Chin  (Chief  Executive  Officer and Executive Director) and  Mr.  Francis  Chin  (Executive  Officer  and substantial shareholder)  Conflict  of  Interest  (including  any  competing business)  No  No  Undertaking (in the format set out  in  Appendix 7H) under Rule 720(1)  has  been  submitted  to  the  listed  issuer  Yes  Yes  Other Principal Commitments Including Directorships  Past (for the last 5 years)  TEE Land Limited  UG Healthcare Corporation Limited  Trans-Cab Holdings Ltd.  Kah Kah Holdings Limited  Present  Partner,  Capital  Markets,  Mergers  and Acquisitions, Rajah &amp; Tann LLP  Kimly Limited  Stamford Land Corporation Limited  Choo Chiang Holdings Ltd  ValueMax Group Limited  Advancer Global Security Pte. Ltd.  D8 Management Pte. Ltd.  The Kongzi Culture Fund Ltd.  Sunlife Educare Pte. Ltd.  East  Asian  Humanistic  Studies  Pte.  Ltd.  Nanyang Confucian Association  Prestige International Management  Pte. Ltd.  (a)  Whether at any time during the  last  10  years,  an  application or  a petition under any bankruptcy  law  of  any  jurisdiction  was  filed  against  him  or  against  a  partnership  of  which  he  was  a  partner  at  the  time  when  he  was  a  partner  or  at  any  time  within 2 years from the date he  ceased to be a partner?  No  No   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

| MR. LIM TECK CHAI, DANNY  MR. CHIN MUI HIONG  (b)  Whether at any time during the  last  10  years,  an  application or  a petition under any law of any  jurisdiction was filed against an  entity (not being a partnership)  of  which  he  was  a  director  or  an  equivalent  person  or  a  key  executive, at the time when he  was a director or an equivalent  person  or  a  key  executive  of  that  entity  or  at  any  time  within  2  years  from  the  date  he  ceased  to  be  a  director  or  an  equivalent  person  or  a  key  executive of that entity, for the  winding  up  or  dissolution  of  that entity or, where that entity  is  the  trustee  of  a  business  trust, that business trust, on the  ground of insolvency?  No  No  (c)  Whether  there  i s  any  unsatisfied  judgment  against  him?  No  No  (d)  Whether  he  has  ever  been  convicted  of  any  offence,  in  Singapore  or  elsewhere,  involving  fraud  or  dishonesty  which  is  punishable  with  imprisonment,  or  has  been  the  subject  of  any  criminal  proceedings  (including  any  pending  criminal  proceedings  of  which  he  is  aware)  for  such  purpose?  No  No  (e)  Whether  he  has  ever  been  convicted  of  any  offence,  in  Singapore  or  elsewhere,  involving  a  breach  of  any  law  or  regulatory  requirement  that relates to the securities or  futures  industry  in  Singapore  or  elsewhere,  or  has  been  the  subject  of  any  criminal  proceedings  (including  any  pending  criminal  proceedings  of  which  he  is  aware)  for  such  breach?  No  No   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

| MR. LIM TECK CHAI, DANNY  MR. CHIN MUI HIONG  (f)  Whether  at  any  time  during  the  last  10  years,  judgment  has  been  entered  against  him  in  any  civil  proceedings  in  Singapore  or  elsewhere  involving  a  breach  of  any  law  or  regulatory  requirement  that relates to the securities or  futures  industry  in  Singapore  or  elsewhere,  or  a  finding  of  fraud,  misrepresentation  or  dishonesty  on  his  part,  or  he  has  been  the  subject  of  any  civil  proceedings  (including  any  pending  civil  proceedings  of  which  he  is  aware)  involving  an  allegation  of  fraud,  misrepresentation  or  dishonesty on his part?  No  No  (g)  Whether  he  has  ever  been  convicted  in  Singapore  or  elsewhere  of  any  offence  in  connection  with  the  formation  or management of any entity or  business trust?  No  No  (h)  Whether  he  has  ever  been  disqualified  from  acting  as  a  director  or  an  equivalent  person of any entity (including  the trustee of a business trust),  or  from  taking  part  directly  or  indirectly in the management of  any entity or business trust?  No  No  (i)  Whether  he  has  ever  been  the  subject  of  any  order,  judgment or ruling of any court,  tribunal or governmental body,  permanently  or  temporarily  enjoining him from engaging in  any type of business practice or  activity?  No  No   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

| MR. LIM TECK CHAI, DANNY  MR. CHIN MUI HIONG  (j)  Whether  he  has  ever,  to  his  knowledge,  been  concerned  with  the  management  or  conduct,  in  Singapore  or  elsewhere, of the affairs of:  i  any  corporation  which  has  been  investigated  for  a  breach  of  any  law  or  regulatory  requirement  governing  corporations  in  Singapore or elsewhere; or  Yes  Mr  Danny  Lim  is  the  independent  director  of  a  company  which  has  received  a  letter  from  the  Singapore Exchange Regulation for  the  company  and  its  directors  to  make  representations  pertaining  to  a  corporate  action  which  has  been undertaken by the company.  More particularly, the issue relates  to  application  of  listing  rules  specific  to  the  corporate  action.  The  company,  together  with  its  professional advisers, are engaging  the Singapore Exchange Regulation  to  address  its  queries  and  provide  its  responses.  The  process  is  ongoing  and  there  is  currently  no  conclusion.  Yes  (Please  refer  to  page  209  and  210  of  the  Company's  Offer  Document  dated 30 June 2016)  ii  any  entity  (not  being  a  corporation)  which  has  been  investigated  for  a  breach  of  any  law  or  regulatory  requirement  governing  such  entities  in  Singapore or elsewhere; or  No  No  iii  any  business  trust  which  has  been  investigated  for  a  breach  of  any  law  or  regulatory  requirement  governing business trusts in  Singapore or elsewhere; or  No  No  iv  any  entity  or  business  trust  which  has  been  investigated  for  a  breach  of  any  law  or  regulatory  requirement  that  relates  to  the  securities  or  futures  industry  in  Singapore  or  elsewhere,  in  connection  with  any  matter  occurring  or  arising  during  that  period  when  he  was  so  concerned  with  the  entity  or business trust?  Yes.  Please refer to sub-paragraph (j) (i)  above.  No   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

| MR. LIM TECK CHAI, DANNY  MR. CHIN MUI HIONG  (k)  Whether  he  has  been  the  subject  of  any  current  or  past  investigation  or  disciplinary  proceedings,  or  has  been  reprimanded  or  issued  any  warning,  by  the  Monetary  Authority  of  Singapore  or  any  other  regulatory  authority,  exchange, professional body or  government agency, whether in  Singapore or elsewhere?  Yes.  Please refer to sub-paragraph (j) (i)  above.  No   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DIRECTORS' STATEMENT

The directors present their statement to the members together with the audited financial statements of Advancer Global  Limited  (the  'Company')  and  its  subsidiaries  (collectively,  the  'Group')  for  the  financial  year  ended  31 December 2022 and the statement of financial position and statement of changes in equity of the Company as at 31 December 2022.

## 1. Opinion of the directors

In the opinion of the directors,

- (i) the financial  statements of the Group and the statement of financial position of the Company are drawn up so as to give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and of the Company as at 31 December 2022 and the financial performance, changes in equity and cash flows of the Group and changes in equity of the Company for the financial year ended on that date; and
- (ii) at the date of this statement, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they fall due.

## 2. Directors

The directors of the Company in office at the date of this statement are:

## Executive directors

Chin Mei Yang (Chief Executive Officer) Chin Mui Hiong Ong Eng Tiang

## Non-Independent Non-Executive director

Takehito Hirano

## Independent Non-Executive director

Lim Teck Chai, Danny (Non-Executive Chairman) Shamsul Kamar Bin Mohamed Razali Yau Thiam Hwa

## 3. Arrangements to enable directors to acquire shares or debentures

Neither at the end of nor at any time during the financial year was the Company a party to any arrangement whose objects were, or one of the objects was, to enable the directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate, except as disclosed in paragraphs 4 and 5 below.

<!-- image -->

## 4. Directors' interests in shares or debentures

The directors of the Company holding office at the end of the financial year had no interests in the shares and  debentures  of  the  Company  and  its  related  corporations  as  recorded  in  the  Register  of  Directors' Shareholdings kept by the Company under Section 164 of the Singapore Companies Act 1967 (the 'Act'), except as disclosed below:

| Direct interest  Deemed interest  As at  1 January 2022  As at  31 December  2022  As at  1 January 2022  As at  31 December  2022  The Company  Ordinary shares  Chin Mei Yang  30,931,018  30,931,018  -  -  Chin Mui Hiong  37,573,963  37,573,963  -  -  Ong Eng Tiang  19,985,436  19,985,436  -  -  Lim Teck Chai, Danny  -  -  642,500  642,500  Takehito Hirano  -  -  65,000,000  65,000,000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Takehito Hirano and his family hold 100% ordinary shares in Hirano Associates Co., Ltd. (of which Takehito Hirano himself holds 18.04% ordinary shares). In addition, Takehito Hirano is a director and the chairman of Fullcast Holdings Co., Ltd.. Hirano Associates Co., Ltd. holds 36.35% ordinary shares in Fullcast Holdings Co., Ltd.,  which in turn holds 25.88% ordinary shares of Advancer Global Limited (excluding treasury shares) as at 31 December 2022. Hence, Takehito Hirano and Hirano Associates Co., Ltd. are deemed interested in the 65,000,000 shares held by Fullcast Holdings Co., Ltd. in the Company by virtue of Section 7 of the Act.

Lim Teck Chai, Danny holds 642,500 shares of Advancer Global Limited through iFast Financial Pte. Ltd. (a nominee).  Hence,  Lim  Teck  Chai,  Danny  is  deemed  to  have  an  interest  in  the  642,500  shares  held  by custodian, iFast Financial Pte. Ltd. in the Company by virtue of Section 7 of the Act.

The directors' interests in the shares of the Company on 21 January 2023 were the same as at 31 December 2022.

## 5. Advancer Global Employee Share Option Scheme

The Employee Share Option Scheme (the 'ESOS') of the Company was approved and adopted on 6 June 2016. The ESOS is administered by the Company's Remuneration Committee, which comprises three independent directors:

Lim Teck Chai, Danny (Chairman) Yau Thiam Hwa Shamsul Kamar Bin Mohamed Razali

The ESOS entitles the option holder to subscribe for a specific number of ordinary shares in the Company at a subscription price per share determined with reference to the market price of the share at the time of grant of option.

Other information regarding the ESOS is set out below:

- (i) Group employees (including Directors of the Company) who have attained the age of 21 years and are not undischarged bankrupts and have not entered into a composition with their respective creditors, and who have been in the employment of the Group for a period of at least 12 months, or such shorter period as the Remuneration Committee may determine, are eligible to participate in the ESOS.
- (ii) The  maximum discount shall not exceed 20% of the market price on the date of the grant of the options.

## 5. Advancer Global Employee Share Option Scheme (Continued)

Other information regarding the ESOS is set out below: (Continued)

- (iii) The options granted with the exercise price set at market price should only be exercised after the first anniversary from the grant date and before the tenth anniversary of the grant date.
- (iv) The option granted with exercise price set at a discount to market price should only be exercised after the second anniversary from the grant date and before the tenth anniversary of the grant date.
- (v) The option shall immediately lapse and become null and void when the participant cease to be in employment of the Group.
- (vi) All options are settled by delivery of shares.

The details of the options movement during the financial year are as follows:

| Date of grant  Balance as at  1 January 2022  Lapsed  Balance as at  31 December  2022  Exercise price  per share  Exercisable  period  (S$)  20 April 2017  859,000  (859,000)  -  0.40  Ended on  19 April 2022   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Since the commencement of the ESOS, no options have been granted to the controlling shareholders and directors of the Company or their associates and no participants under the ESOS have been granted 5% or more of the total number of options available under the ESOS.

The options granted by the Company do not entitle the holders of the options, by virtue of such holding, to any rights to participate in any share issue of any other company.

## 6. Audit Committee

The Audit Committee ('AC') of the Company comprises three independent non-executive directors and at the date of this report, they are:

Yau Thiam Hwa (Chairman) Shamsul Kamar Bin Mohamed Razali Lim Teck Chai, Danny

The AC has convened two meetings during the financial year with key management and the internal and external auditors of the Company.

The AC carried out its functions in accordance with Section 201B (5) of the Act, the SGX Listing Manual and the Code of Corporate Governance. In performing those functions, the AC:

- (i) reviewed the audit plan and results of the external audit, the independence and objectivity of the external auditors, including, where applicable, the review of the nature and extent of non-audit services provided by the external  auditors  to  the  Group,  and  the  assistance  given  by  the  Group's  and  the Company's management to the external auditors;
- (ii) reviewed the audit plans of the internal auditors of the Group and their evaluation of the adequacy of the Group's system of internal accounting controls, and the assistance given by the Group's and the Company's management to the internal auditors;
- (iii) reviewed the Group's annual financial statements and the external auditors' report on the annual financial  statements  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  before  their  submission  to  the  Board  of Directors;

## DIRECTORS' STATEMENT

## 6. Audit Committee (Continued)

- (iv) reviewed  the  half-yearly  and  annual  announcements  as  well  as  the  related  press  releases  on  the results  of  the  Group  and  financial  position  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  including  significant adjustments  resulting  from  audit,  significant  financial  reporting  issues  and  judgements  as  well  as compliance with accounting standards;

- (v) reviewed the effectiveness  of  the  Group's  and  the  Company's  material  internal  controls,  including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls, and risk management systems via reviews carried out by the internal auditors;

- (vi) met with the  external  auditors,  internal  auditors,  other  committees,  and  management  in  separate executive sessions to discuss suspected fraud or irregularity (if any), potential conflicts of interests (if any), and any matters that these groups believe should be discussed privately with the AC;

- (vii) reviewed and checked the Group's compliance with legal requirements and regulations, including the related compliance policies and programmes and reports received from regulators, if any;

- (viii) reviewed interested person transactions in accordance with SGX listing rules;

- (ix) reviewed the nomination of external auditors and gave approval of their compensation; and

- (x) submitted  of  report  of  actions  and  minutes  of  the  AC  to  the  Board  of  Directors  with  any recommendations as the AC deemed appropriate.

The AC has full access to and has the co-operation of the management and has been given the resources required for it to discharge its functions properly. It also has full discretion to invite any director and executive officer to attend its meetings. The external and internal auditors have unrestricted access to the AC.

The AC has recommended to the Board of Directors the nomination of Mazars LLP for re-appointment as external auditors of the Group at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting of the Company.

## 7. Auditors

The auditors, Mazars LLP, have expressed their willingness to accept re-appointment.

On behalf of the Board of Directors

Chin Mui Hiong Director

Chin Mei Yang Director

Singapore 6 April 2023

<!-- image -->

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

To The Members Of Advancer Global Limited

## Report on the Audit of Financial Statements

## Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Advancer Global Limited (the 'Company') and its subsidiaries (the 'Group') which comprise the statements of financial position of the Group and of the Company as at 31 December 2022, and the statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows of the Group, and the statement of changes in equity of the Company for the financial year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In  our opinion, the accompanying financial statements of the Group and the statement of financial position and the statement of changes in equity of the Company are properly drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 1967 (the 'Act') and Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) ('SFRS(I)s') so as to give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and of the Company as at 31 December 2022 and of the financial performance, changes in equity and cash flows of the Group and changes in equity of the Company for the financial year ended on that date.

## Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Singapore Standards on Auditing ('SSAs'). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors' Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section  of  our  report.  We  are  independent  of  the  Group  in  accordance  with  the  Accounting  and  Corporate Regulatory  Authority  ('ACRA')  Code  of  Professional  Conduct  and  Ethics  for  Public  Accountants  and  Accounting Entities  (the  'ACRA  code')  together  with  the  ethical  requirements  that  are  relevant  to  our  audit  of  the  financial statements  in  Singapore,  and  we  have  fulfilled  our  other  ethical  responsibilities  in  accordance  with  these requirements and the ACRA code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Overview

## Audit Approach

We designed a risk-based audit approach in identifying and assessing the risks of material misstatement at both the financial statement and assertion levels.

## Materiality

As in all our audits, we exercised our professional judgement in determining our materiality, which was also affected by our perception of the financial information needs of the users of the financial statements, being the magnitude of misstatement in the financial statements that makes it probable for a reasonably knowledgeable person to change or be influenced in his economic decision.

## Scope of audit

For the audit of the current year's financial statements, we performed full scope audit of all 23 components as the appointed statutory auditors, and we identified 10 significant components, either because of their size or/and their risk characteristics.

## Areas of focus

We focused our resources and effort on areas which were assessed to have higher risks of material misstatement, including areas which involve significant judgements and estimates to be made by directors.

We will elaborate on the salient areas of focus as follows:

- l Impairment Assessment on Goodwill; and
- l Recoverability of Loan Receivable from an Associate

## Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the current financial year. These matters include the aforementioned salient areas of focus in our audit and do not represent all the risks identified by our audit. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

## Impairment Assessment on Goodwill

Refer to Note 3 for critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty, and Note 11(Goodwill on consolidation) for disclosures relating to the impairment assessment.

| Key Audit Matter  Audit Response  As at 31 December 2022, the Group reported goodwill  arising from the acquisition of subsidiaries with carrying  value approximately S$2.8 million.  Irrespective of whether there is any indication of impair  -  ment,  the  management  is  required  to  perform  an  im-  pairment assessment of goodwill annually.  The recoverable amounts are determined based on es-  timates  of  forecasted  revenues,  growth  rates  and  dis-  count rates. These estimates require judgement and the  determination of the recoverable amounts is a key audit  matter.  Our audit procedures included, and were not limited to,  the following:  l  Discussed  with  management  on  their  planned  strategies  around  business  expansion,  revenue  stream  growth  strategies  and  cost  initiatives,  the  progress of negotiations with target customers, and  obtained the list of secured and lost contracts;  l  Assessed  the  achievability  of  the  forecast  based  on actual results with comparison to the previous  forecast;  l  Evaluated  the  reasonableness  of  management's  estimate  of  expected  future  cash  flows  and  challenged  management's  estimates  applied  in  the  value-in-use  ('VIU')  models,  with  comparison  to  recent  performance, trend analysis and market  expectations;  l  Involved  internal  valuation  expert  on  the  assessment of VIU models; and  l  Reviewed  the  sensitivity  analysis  to  assess  the  impact  on  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  cash-  generating units ('CGU') subsequent to reasonably  possible  changes  to  the  key  assumptions  for  adequacy of disclosure in the financial statements.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

To The Members Of Advancer Global Limited

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

To The Members Of Advancer Global Limited

| ## Recoverability of Loan Receivable from an Associate  Refer to Note 2.16 for Financial Instruments accounting policy, Note 3 for critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty, Note 20 (Trade and Other Receivables) and Note 30 (Financial instruments and financial risks) for disclosures relating to the loss allowance for other receivables.  Key Audit Matter  Audit Response  As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group  recorded  a  loan  receivable  of  S$2.5  million  from  an  associate,  G3  Environmental  Private  Limited  ('G3'),  which  is  non-  interest bearing and repayable on demand.  The  principal  activities  of  G3  and  its  subsidiaries  (collectively  referred  herein  as  the  'G3  Group')  are  commercial/industrial  real  estate  management  and  collection and recycling of metal waste and scraps.  Based on the unaudited management accounts as at 31  December 2022, G3 Group's current liabilities exceeded  its  current  assets  by  S$2.5  million  and  its  total  assets  exceeded its total liabilities by S$0.7 million.  Based on the unaudited management accounts as at 31  December 2022, G3 Group has cash and bank balances  of  S$9.8  million  and  amount  due  to  shareholders  of  S$12.4 million.  Given the above financial condition of G3 Group, it has  been assessed that there is significant increase in credit  risk  from  initial  recognition.  Management  assessed  the  expected  credit  losses  ('ECL')  relating  to  the  loan  receivable  from  G3  based  on  lifetime  ECL.  The  Group  also considered the profit or loss forecast of G3 Group  during  the  expected  recovery  period  with  reference  to  relevant  and  reliable  forward-looking  outlook  and  information.  G3  has  obtained  the  confirmations  from  other shareholders not to demand for repayment for at  least 12 months from 3 February 2023.  Accordingly, the Group measured and determined that  the ECL for the loan receivable from its associate to be  insignificant.  The determination of ECL requires signficant judgement  and  estimates  by  management  as  is  therefore  a  key  audit matter.  Our  audit  procedures  focused  on  evaluating  and  challenging the key assumptions used by management  in conducting the impairment review. These procedures  included:  l  Performed a credit risk analysis of G3 by assessing  its  historical  and  current  financial  performance,  net  current  asset/(liability)  and  net  equity/(capital  deficiency) position;  l  Evaluated the assumptions used by the management  in assessing the adequacy of impairment allowances  for G3;  l  Compared  the  management's  assumptions  for  impairment  allowances  to  externally  available  industry, financial and economic data and our own  assessments  in  relation  to  key  inputs,  including  background checks on the financial standing of G3  and researched for any adverse news relating to G3's  operations or financial positions;  l  Critically  assessed  the  management's  estimates  and  assumptions,  specifically  in  respect  of  the  consistency  of  judgement  applied  in  the  use  of  economic  factors  and  the  observation  period  for  historical default rates;  l  Confirmed  the  existence  and  enforceability  of  arrangements of the associate's immediate holding  company and other shareholder not to demand for  repayment of the proportionate shareholders' loans  for the period agreed; and  l  Discussed  with  G3's  management  team  on  the  planned strategies  around  future  plans  and  future  repayment plans.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

To The Members Of Advancer Global Limited

## Report on the Audit of Financial Statements (Continued)

## Other information

Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in  the  annual report, other than the financial statements and the independent auditors' report thereon, which we obtained prior to the date of this report.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information identified above  and,  in  doing  so,  consider  whether  the  other  information  is  materially  inconsistent  with  the  financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## Responsibilities of Management and Directors for the Financial Statements

Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with  the  provisions  of  the  Act  and  SFRS(I)s,  and  for  devising  and  maintaining  a  system  of  internal  accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorised use or disposition; and transactions are properly authorised and that they are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of true and fair financial statements and to maintain accountability of assets.

In  preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors' responsibilities include overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## Auditors' Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors' report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

To The Members Of Advancer Global Limited

## Report on the Audit of Financial Statements (Continued)

Auditors' Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements (Continued)

As  part  of  an  audit  in  accordance  with  SSAs,  we  exercise  professional  judgement  and  maintain  professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- l Identify  and  assess  the  risks  of  material  misstatement  of  the  financial  statements,  whether  due  to  fraud or  error,  design  and  perform  audit  procedures  responsive  to  those  risks,  and  obtain  audit  evidence that  is  sufficient  and  appropriate  to  provide  a  basis  for  our  opinion.  The  risk  of  not  detecting  a  material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- l Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- l Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
- l Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditors' report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors' report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- l Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- l Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in  the  audit of the financial statements of the current financial year and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditors' report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

## Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements

In  our  opinion,  the  accounting  and  other  records  required  by  the  Act  to  be  kept  by  the  Company  and  by  the subsidiary entities incorporated in Singapore of which we are the auditors have been properly kept in accordance with the provisions of the Act.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditors' report is Lai Keng Wei.

MAZARS LLP Public Accountants and Chartered Accountants

Singapore 6 April 2023

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

To The Members Of Advancer Global Limited

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

| Note  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Revenue  4  63,103  60,132  Cost of sales  (49,821)  (46,701)  Gross profit  13,282  13,431  Other operating income  5  2,790  3,539  Administrative expenses  (20,657)  (20,800)  Finance expenses  6  (98)  (116)  Share of profits/(losses) from equity-accounted for associates  14  15  (180)  Loss before income tax  7  (4,668)  (4,126)  Income tax (expense)/credit  9  (5)  14  LOSS FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR, REPRESENTING TOTAL  COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR  (4,673)  (4,112)  Loss for the financial year attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (4,421)  (4,045)  Non-controlling interests  (252)  (67)  Loss for the financial year  (4,673)  (4,112)  Total comprehensive loss for the financial year attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (4,421)  (4,045)  Non-controlling interests  (252)  (67)  Total comprehensive loss for the financial year  (4,673)  (4,112)  Loss per share attributable to owners of the  Company (cents per share)  Basic and diluted  10  (1.76)  (1.61)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

As at 31 December 2022

| Group  Company  Note  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  ASSETS  Non-current assets  Goodwill on consolidation  11  2,845  4,425  -  -  Intangible assets  12  412  539  -  -  Investments in subsidiaries  13  -  -  11,487  11,487  Investments in associates  14  411  396  -  -  Other investments  15  -  125  -  -  Property, plant and equipment  16  1,854  2,007  -  -  Right-of-use assets  17  2,558  1,860  -  -  Deferred tax assets  18  -  28  -  -  Total non-current assets  8,080  9,380  11,487  11,487  Current assets  Inventories  19  873  697  -  -  Other investments  15  2,905  2,506  2,905  2,506  Trade and other receivables  20  14,460  14,679  11,989  11,008  Cash and bank balances  21  20,797  24,797  13,625  15,620  Total current assets  39,035  42,679  28,519  29,134  Total assets  47,115  52,059  40,006  40,621  EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  Equity  Share capital  22  40,607  40,607  40,607  40,607  Treasury shares  22  (241)  (241)  (241)  (241)  (Accumulated losses)/Retained earnings  (963)  3,352  (452)  58  Other reserves  23  (3,243)  (2,851)  -  106  Equity attributable to owners of  the Company  36,160  40,867  39,914  40,530  Non-controlling interests  (16)  686  -  -  Total equity  36,144  41,553  39,914  40,530  Non-current liabilities  Deferred tax liabilities  18  83  85  -  -  Lease liabilities  17  1,167  698  -  -  Bank borrowing  25  498  530  -  -  Total non-current liabilities  1,748  1,313  -  -  Current liabilities  Lease liabilities  17  1,463  1,342  -  -  Trade and other payables  26  6,899  6,654  92  85  Contract liabilities from contracts with  customers  27  829  1,146  -  -  Bank borrowing  25  32  32  -  -  Income tax payable  -  19  -  6  Total current liabilities  9,223  9,193  92  91  Total liabilities  10,971  10,506  92  91  Total equity and liabilities  47,115  52,059  40,006  40,621   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

| Attributable to owners of the Company  Group  Note  Share  capital  Treasury  shares  Retained  earnings  Share  options  reserve  Capital  reserve  Merger  reserve  Total  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  equity  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Note 23  Note 23  Note 23  Balance at 1 January 2021  40,607  (232)  9,375  112  (339)  (2,603)  46,920  798  47,718  Loss for the financial year,  representing total comprehensive  loss for the financial year  -  -  (4,045)  -  -  -  (4,045)  (67)  (4,112)  Purchase of treasury shares  22  -  (9)  -  -  -  -  (9)  -  (9)  Share options forfeited  -  -  6  (6)  -  -  -  -  -  Share options expenses pursuant  to the ESOS  -  -  -  *  -  -  *  -  *  Disposal of interest in a subsidiary  without change of control  13(f)  -  -  -  -  30  -  30  -  30  Acquisition of interest in a subsidiary  without change of control  13(g)  -  -  -  -  (45)  -  (45)  (15)  (60)  Non-controlling interests' investment  in subsidiaries  13(d),  13(i)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  276  276  Dividends declared  34  -  -  (1,984)  -  -  -  (1,984)  (306)  (2,290)  Balance at 31 December 2021  40,607  (241)  3,352  106  (354)  (2,603)  40,867  686  41,553  Loss for the financial year,  representing total comprehensive  loss for the financial year  -  -  (4,421)  -  -  -  (4,421)  (252)  (4,673)  Share options expired  -  -  106  (106)  -  -  -  -  -  Strike off of a subsidiary with  non-controlling interest  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (23)  (23)  Acquisition of additional interest  in existing subsidiaries  13(a)  -  -  -  -  (286)  -  (286)  (354)  (640)  Dividends declared to non-controlling  interests  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (73)  (73)  Balance at 31 December 2022  40,607  (241)  (963)  -  (640)  (2,603)  36,160  (16)  36,144   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Denotes amount less than S$1,000

## STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

| Company  Note  Share  capital  Treasury  shares  Retained  earnings  Share options  reserve  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Balance at 1 January 2021  40,607  (232)  2,001  112  42,488  Profit for the financial  year, representing total  comprehensive income for  the financial year  -  -  35  -  35  Purchase of treasury shares  -  (9)  -  -  (9)  Share options forfeited  -  -  6  (6)  -  Share options expenses  pursuant to the ESOS  -  -  -  *  *  Dividends declared  34  -  -  (1,984)  -  (1,984)  Balance at 31 December 2021  40,607  (241)  58  106  40,530  Loss for the financial  year, representing total  comprehensive loss for the  financial year  -  -  (616)  -  (616)  Share options forfeited  -  -  106  (106)  -  Balance at 31 December 2022  40,607  (241)  (452)  -  39,914   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Denotes amount less than S$1,000

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

| Note  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Operating activities  Loss before income tax  (4,668)  (4,126)  Adjustments for:  Amortisation of intangible assets  12  185  281  Impairment loss of goodwill  11  2,525  1,619  Bad debts written-off  7  2  2  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  16  577  587  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  17  1,618  1,680  Dividend income  5  (153)  (53)  Fair value loss arising from quoted financial assets at FVTPL  7  30  363  Fair value loss arising from unquoted financial assets at FVTPL  7  125  486  (Gain)/Loss on lease termination  5,7  (6)  5  (Gain)/Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment, net  5,7  (3)  6  Gain on bargain purchase arising from acquisition  5  -  (245)  Gain on striking off of subsidiary  5  (23)  -  Interest expense  6  98  116  Interest income  5  (197)  (83)  (Reversal of loss allowance)/Loss allowance for receivables (trade), net  7,20  (20)  85  Property, plant and equipment written-off  7  1  65  Reversal of provision for warranties  26  (1)  *  Share of (profits)/losses from equity-accounted for associates  14  (15)  180  Unrealised exchange gain  -  (1)  Written off of lease liabilities  7  11  -  Operating cash flows before movements in working capital  86  967  Changes in working capital:  Inventories  (176)  350  Trade and other receivables  264  3,547  Trade and other payables  188  (1,046)  Contract liabilities from contracts with customers  (317)  353  Cash generated from operations  45  4,171  Interest received  197  83  Income taxes paid  (18)  (118)  Net cash generated from operating activities  224  4,136  Investing activities  Dividend received from quoted equity instruments  153  53  Investment in unquoted equity instruments at FVTPL  -  (607)  Net cash outflow on acquisition of subsidiaries  13(b),  13(e),  13(h)  (954)  (700)  Disposal of non-controlling interests in a subsidiary  -  30  Acquisition of non-controlling interests in a subsidiary  13(a),  13(g)  (640)  (60)  Investment in an associate  14  -  (180)  Repayment from an associate  20  -  804  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment  88  118  Proceed from disposal of investment in unquoted equity  instrument at FVTPL  -  12  Purchase of quoted equity instruments held at FVTPL  15  (429)  (1,862)  Purchase of property, plant and equipment  16  (507)  (385)  Net cash used in investing activities  (2,289)  (2,777)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

| Note  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Financing activities  Dividends paid to:  Owners of the Company  34  -  (1,984)  Non-controlling interests of subsidiaries  (73)  -  Fixed deposit pledged  -  5  Interest paid  (17)  (29)  Non-controlling interests' investment in a subsidiary  -  180  Purchase of treasury shares  22  -  (9)  Repayment of bank borrowings  (32)  (30)  Repayment of lease liabilities  17  (1,813)  (1,853)  Repayment to directors  -  (454)  Net cash used in financing activities  (1,935)  (4,174)  Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents  (4,000)  (2,815)  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of financial year  24,797  27,612  Cash and cash equivalents at end of financial year  21  20,797  24,797   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Denotes amount less than S$1,000

Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities not disclosed in notes:

| Financing cash outflows  Non-cash movements  1 January  2022  Interest  paid  Repayment  made, net  Acquisition  Lease  termination  Interest  expense  31  December  2022  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Liabilities  Bank borrowing  562  (9)  (32)  -  -  9  530  Lease liabilities  2,040  (8)  (1,813)  2,480  (158)  89  2,630  Financing cash outflows  Non-cash movements  1 January  2021  Interest  paid  Repayment  made, net  Acquisition  Lease  modification  Interest  expense  31  December  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Liabilities  Bank borrowing  592  (12)  (30)  -  -  12  562  Lease liabilities  2,601  (17)  (1,853)  1,394  (189)  104  2,040  Amounts due to  directors  454  -  (454)  -  -  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

These notes form an integral part of and should be read in conjunction with the accompanying financial statements.

## 1. General

Advancer Global Limited (the 'Company') (Registration Number 201602681W) is a limited liability company incorporated  and  domiciled  in  Singapore  and  listed  on  the  Catalist  Board  of  the  Singapore  Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the 'SGX-ST').

The registered office and principal place of business of the Company is located at 135 Jurong Gateway Road, #05-317, Singapore 600135.

The principal activity of the Company is that of investment holding.

The principal activities of the respective subsidiaries are disclosed in Note 13 to the financial statements.

The financial statements of the Group, and the statement of financial position and the statement of changes in  equity of the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 were authorised for issue by the Board of Directors at the date of the Directors' Statement.

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies

## 2.1 Basis of preparation

The  financial  statements  of  the  Group  and  the  statement  of  financial  position  and  statement  of changes in  equity  of  the  Company  have  been  drawn  up  in  accordance  with  the  provisions  of  the Singapore Companies Act 1967 and Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) ('SFRS(I)s') including related Interpretations of SFRS(I) ('SFRS(I) INTs') and are prepared on the historical cost basis, except as disclosed in the accounting policies below.

The individual financial statements of each Group entity are measured and presented in the currency of  the  primary  economic  environment  in  which  the  entity  operates  (its  functional  currency).  The financial statements of the Group and the statement of financial position and statement of changes in equity of the Company are presented in Singapore dollar ('S$') which is also the functional currency of  the  Company,  and  all  values  presented  are  rounded  to  the  nearest  thousand  ('S$'000'),  unless otherwise indicated.

In the current financial year, the Group has adopted all the new and revised SFRS(I)s and SFRS(I) INTs that are relevant to its operations and effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022.  With  the  exception  of  the  amendments  made  to  SFRS(I)  1-37  Onerous  Contracts  -  Cost  of Fulfilling  a  Contract, the adoption of these new or revised SFRS(I)s and SFRS(I) INTs did not result in changes to the Group's and Company's accounting policies, and has no material effect on the current or prior year's financial statement and is not expected to have a material effect on future periods.

The adoption of SFRS(I) 1-37 from 1 January 2022 resulted in a change in accounting policy in the assessment of onerous contracts. Before the amendment, the Group only included incremental costs to fulfil a contract when determining whether a contract is onerous. With the amendment, the Group includes both the incremental costs and an allocation of other costs that relate directly to fulfilling contracts when determining whether a contract is onerous.

The amendments are applied on a retrospective basis on contracts for which the Group has not yet fulfilled  all  its  obligations  on  1  January  2022.  Based on the Group's assessment, there is no onerous contract identified with the revision of the accounting policy.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.1 Basis of preparation (Continued)

SFRS(I)s and SFRS(I) INTs issued but not yet effective

At the date of authorisation of these financial statements, the following SFRS(I)s and SFRS(I) INTs that are relevant to the Group were issued but not yet effective:

| SFRS (I)  Title  Effective date  (annual periods  beginning  on or after)  SFRS(I) 1-1  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1:  Classification of Liabilities  as Current or Non- current  1 January 2024  SFRS(I) 10,  SFRS(I) 1-28  Amendments to SFRS(I) 10 and SFRS(I) 1-28:  Sale or  Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its  Associate or Joint Venture  To be determined  SFRS(I) 1-8  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-8:  Definition of Accounting  Estimates  1 January 2023  SFRS(I) 1-12,  SFRS(I) 1  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-12:  Deferred Tax Related to  Assets and Liabilities Arising from a Single Transaction  1 January 2023  SFRS(I) 16  Amendments to SFRS(I) 16: Lease Liability in a Sale  and Leaseback  1 January 2024  Various  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1 and SFRS(I) Practice  Statement 2:  Disclosure of Accounting Policies  1 January 2023  Various  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1: Non-current Liabilities  with Covenants  1 January 2024   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Consequential amendments were also made to various standards as a result of these new or revised standards.

The Group does not intend to early adopt any of the above new or revised standards, interpretations and  amendments  to  the  existing  standards.  Management  anticipates  that  the  adoption  of  the aforementioned new or revised standards will not have a material impact on the financial statements of the Group and Company in the period of their initial adoption.

## 2.2 Basis of consolidation

The  financial  statements  of  the  Group  comprise  the  financial  statements  of  the  Company  and  its subsidiaries. Subsidiaries are entities (including structured entities) (i) over which the Group has power and the Group is (ii) able to use such power to (iii) affect its exposure, or rights, to variable returns from then through its involvement with them.

The Group reassesses whether it controls the subsidiaries if facts and circumstance indicate that there are changes to the one or more of the three elements of control.

When the Group has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it still has power over the investee when the voting rights are sufficient, after considering all relevant facts and circumstances, to give it the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee unilaterally. The Group considers, among others, the extent of its voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the other vote holders, currently exercisable substantive potential voting rights held by all parties, rights arising from contractual arrangements and voting patterns at previous shareholders' meetings.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.2 Basis of consolidation (Continued)

Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group up to the effective date on which control ceases, as appropriate.

Intra-group  assets  and  liabilities,  equity,  income,  expenses  and  cash flows  relating  to  intragroup transactions are eliminated on consolidation.

The financial statements of the subsidiaries used in the preparation of the financial statements are prepared for the same reporting date as that of the Company. Where necessary, accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

Non-controlling interests are identified separately from the Group's equity therein. On an acquisitionby-acquisition  basis,  non-controlling  interests  may  be  initially  measured  either  at  fair  value  or  at their  proportionate  share  of  the  fair  value  of  the  acquiree's  identifiable  net  assets.  Subsequent  to acquisition, the carrying amount of non-controlling interests is the amount of those interests at initial recognition plus the non-controlling interests' share of subsequent changes in equity. Losses in the subsidiary are attributed to non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

Changes in the Group's interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions. Any differences between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in the relative interests in the subsidiary and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to the owners of the Company.

When  the  Group  loses  control  over  a  subsidiary,  the  profit  or  loss  on  disposal  is  calculated  as the difference between (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received and the fair value of any retained interest and (ii) the previous carrying amount of the assets (including goodwill), and liabilities of the subsidiary and any non-controlling interests. Amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to the subsidiary are accounted for (i.e. reclassified to profit or  loss  or  transferred  directly  to  retained  earnings)  in  the  same  manner  as  would  be  required  if the relevant assets or liabilities were disposed of. The fair value of any investments retained in the former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition for subsequent accounting under SFRS(I) 9 Financial Instruments ('SFRS(I) 9') or, when applicable, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or jointly controlled entity.

Investments in subsidiaries are carried at cost less any impairment loss that has been recognised in profit or loss in the Company's separate financial statements.

## 2.3 Business combinations

The acquisition of subsidiaries is accounted for using the acquisition method when the acquired set of  activities  and  assets  constitute  a  business.  When  determining  the  acquired  set  of  activities  and assets that constitute a business, the Group assesses whether the acquired set of activities and assets includes, at a minimum, an input and substantive process, which together contribute to the creation of outputs.

The Group has the option to apply a 'concentration test' as a simplified assessment to determine whether  an  acquired  set  of  activities  and  assets  is  not  a  business.  The  Group  makes  the  election separately for each transaction or other event. The concentration test is met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.3 Business combinations (Continued)

The cost of the acquisition is measured at the aggregate of the fair values, at the date of exchange, of assets given, liabilities incurred or assumed, and equity instruments issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. For each business combination, the Group determines whether to measure the non-controlling interests in the acquiree at fair value or at proportionate share in the recognised amounts of the acquiree's identifiable net assets. Acquisition-related costs are recognised in profit or loss as incurred and included in administrative expenses.

The  acquiree's  identifiable  assets,  liabilities  and  contingent  liabilities  that  meet  the  conditions  for recognition under SFRS(I) 3 Business Combinations ('SFRS(I) 3') are recognised at their fair values at the acquisition date, except for non-current assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in  accordance with SFRS(I) 5 Non-Current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations ('SFRS(I) 5'), which are recognised and measured at the lower of cost and fair value less costs to sell.

The  Group  recognises  any  contingent  consideration  to  be  transferred  for  the  acquiree  at  the  fair value on the acquisition date. Contingent consideration classified as equity is not remeasured and its subsequent settlement shall be accounted for within equity. Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability that is a financial instrument and within the scope of SFRS(I) 9, is measured at fair value with the changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss in accordance with SFRS(I) 9. Other contingent consideration that is not within the scope of SFRS(I) 9 is measured at fair value at each reporting date with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.

Where a business  combination  is  achieved  in  stages,  the  Group's  previously  held  interests  in  the acquired entity are remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date (i.e. the date the Group attains control) and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is recognised in profit or loss. Amounts arising from interests in the acquiree prior to the acquisition date that have previously been recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss, where such treatment would be appropriate if that interest were disposed of.

The  acquiree's  identifiable  assets,  liabilities  and  contingent  liabilities  that  meet  the  conditions  for recognition under SFRS(I) 3 are recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date, except that:

- l deferred  tax  assets  or  liabilities  and  liabilities  or  assets  related  to  employee  benefit arrangements are recognised and measured in accordance with SFRS(I) 1-12 Income Taxes and SFRS(I) 1-19 Employee Benefits respectively;
- l liabilities or equity instruments related to the replacement by the Group of an acquiree's sharebased payment awards are measured in accordance with SFRS(I) 2 Share-based Payment ; and
- l assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with SFRS(I) 5 are measured in accordance with that Standard.

If  the  initial  accounting  for  a  business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in  which the combination occurs, the Group reports provisional amounts for the items for which the accounting is incomplete. Those provisional amounts are adjusted during the measurement period (see below), or additional assets or liabilities are recognised, to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the amounts recognised as of that date.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.3 Business combinations (Continued)

The measurement period is the period from the date of acquisition to the date the Group obtains complete information about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date, and is subject to a maximum of one year.

Goodwill  arising  on  acquisition  is  recognised  as  an  asset  at  the  acquisition  date  and  is  initially measured at cost, being the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer previously held equity interest (if any) in the entity over net acquisition-date fair value amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed.

If, after reassessment, the Group's interest in the net fair value of the acquiree's identifiable net assets exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer's previously held equity interest in the acquiree (if any), the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.

For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group's cash-generating units  expected  to  benefit  from  the  synergies  of  the  combination.  Cash-generating  units  to  which goodwill has been allocated are tested for impairment annually, or more frequently when there is an indication that the unit may be impaired. If the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit is  less  than  the  carrying amount of the unit (including the goodwill), the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the unit and then to the other assets of the unit pro-rata on the basis of the carrying amount of each asset in the unit. An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period.

The attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of gain or loss on disposal of the subsidiary or jointly controlled entity.

## 2.4 Revenue recognition

The  Group  is  principally  in  the  business  of  providing  Employment  Services,  Building  Management Services  and  Security  Services  (Note  33),  sales  of  electronic  products  and  provision  of  related installation  services.  Revenue  from  contracts  with  its  customers  is  recognised  when  or  as  the Group satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a promised goods or service generated in the ordinary course of the Group's activities to its customer, at a transaction price that reflects the consideration  the  Group  expects  to  be  entitled  in  exchange  for  the  goods  or  service  and  that  is allocated to that performance obligation. The goods or service is transferred when or as the customer obtains control of the goods or service.

## Service income

## (a) Building Management Services and Security Services

Revenue  from  a  contract  to  provide  Building  Management  Services  and  Security  Services is  recognised  over  time,  using  the  output  method  to  measure  progress  towards  complete satisfaction of the service, as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group. In the application of the output method, the Group has used appraisals of results achieved method. Accordingly, in view of the nature of the service income on contract basis,  management considers that this output method is most appropriate in measuring the progress  towards  complete  satisfaction  of  these  performance  obligations  under  SFRS(I)  15 Revenue from Contracts w ith Customers ('SFRS(I) 15').

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.4 Revenue recognition (Continued)

## Service income (Continued)

## (a) Building Management Services and Security Services (Continued)

Revenue from adhoc in Building Management Services and Security Services is recognised at a  point  in  time  when  the  service  has  been  provided and the right to consideration has been earned.

Advance consideration received from customers for services not yet provided is recognised as a contract liability (Note 27).

## (b) Employment Services

Revenue  from  Employment  Services  in  relation  to  provision  of  sourcing,  employment  and training of migrant domestic workers ('MDWs') is recognised at a point in time when the service has been provided and the right to consideration has been earned.

Revenue from administrative services in Employment Services Business is recognised over time, using the output method to measure progress towards complete satisfaction of the services.

Advance consideration received from customers for services not yet provided is recognised as a contract liability (Note 27).

## Sales of electronic products and face masks

The Group sells a range of electronic products in relation to provision of security services, and Internet of  Things ('IoT')  sensors and face masks to its customers. Revenue is recognised at a point in time when control of the goods is transferred to the end customers (i.e. when the goods are delivered in accordance with the terms and conditions and significant risks and rewards of ownership of the goods have been transferred to the customer).

## Installation services

The  Group  provides  installation  services,  which  includes  running  of  electrical  cables,  for  security systems and Smart Toilet System that are either sold separately or bundled together with the sale of electronic products in relation to provision of security services and building management solutions to customers. The installation service can be obtained from other providers and does not significantly customise or modify the electronic products.

The  bundled  sale  of  installation  services  and  electronic  products  comprises  two  performance obligations because the promises to provide the installation services and to transfer the electronic products are capable of being distinct and separately identifiable. Accordingly, the Group allocates the transaction price based on the relative stand-alone selling prices of the installation services and electronic products.

Revenue from the installation service is recognised at a point in time upon completion of installation and acceptance by customers.

The customer is invoiced on a milestone payment schedule. If the value of the goods or services transferred by the Group exceeds the payment, an accrued receivable is recognised. If the payment exceeds the value of the goods transferred, an advanced consideration from customer is recognised under contract liabilities from contract with customers (Note 27).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.5 Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

## 2.6 Retirement benefit costs

Payments  to  defined  contribution  retirement  benefit  plans  are  charged  as  an  expense  as  they fall  due.  Payments  made  to  state-managed  retirement  benefit  schemes,  such  as  the  Singapore Central Provident Fund, are dealt with as payments to defined contribution plans where the Group's obligations under the plans are equivalent to those arising in a defined contribution retirement benefit plan.

## 2.7 Employee leave entitlements

Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision is made for the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to the end of the financial year.

## 2.8 Share-based payments

The Group issues equity-settled share-based payments to certain employees. Equity-settled sharebased payments are measured at fair value of the equity instruments (excluding the effect of non market-based resting conditions) at the date of grant. Details regarding the determination of the fair value of equity-settled share-based transactions are set out in Note 24. The fair value determined at the grant date of the equity-settled share-based payments is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on the Group's estimate of the number of equity instruments that will eventually vest and adjusted for the effect of non-market-based vesting conditions. At the end of each financial year, the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised over the remaining vesting period with a corresponding adjustment to the equity-settled share options reserve.

The policy described above is applied to all equity-settled share-based payments that were granted on 20 April 2017. No amount has been recognised in the financial statements in respect of other equitysettled share-based payments.

The transfer of the balance in the share options reserve to share capital or treasury shares upon exercise of the option and the transfer of the balance in the share options reserve to retained earnings upon expiry of the options are not mandatory and may be kept as a separate reserve upon expiry or exercise of the options.

## 2.9 Income tax

Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the financial year. Taxable profit differs from profit as reported profit or loss because it excludes items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and it further excludes items that are not taxable or tax deductible. The Group's liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the financial year.

Deferred tax is recognised on the differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit, and  are  accounted  for  using  the  liability  method.  Deferred  tax  liabilities  are  generally  recognised for all  taxable temporary differences and deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from goodwill or from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of other assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.9 Income tax (Continued)

Deferred  tax  liabilities  are  recognised  on  taxable  temporary  differences  arising  on  investments  in subsidiaries, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

A deferred income tax asset is recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences and tax losses can be utilised.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each financial year and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when the liability is  settled  or  the  asset  realised  based  on  the  tax  rates  (and  tax  laws)  that  have  been  enacted  or substantively enacted by the end of the financial year and based on the tax consequence that will follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the financial year, to recover or settle the carrying amounts of its assets and liabilities.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax  assets  against  current  tax  liabilities  and  when  they  relate  to  income  taxes  levied  by  the  same taxation authority and the Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered.

Current and deferred tax are recognised as an expense or income in profit or loss, except when they relate to items credited or debited directly to equity, in which case the tax is also recognised directly in equity, or where they arise from the initial accounting for a business combination. In the case of a business combination, the tax effect is taken into account in calculating goodwill or determining the excess of the acquirer's interest in the net fair value of the acquiree's identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities over cost.

## 2.10 Dividends

Equity dividends are recognised as a liability when they become legally payable. Interim dividends are recorded in the financial year in which they are declared payable. Final dividends are recorded in the financial year in which dividends are approved by shareholders. A corresponding amount is recognised in equity.

## 2.11 Foreign currency transactions and translation

Foreign currency transactions are translated into the individual entities' respective functional currency at  the  exchange  rates  prevailing  on  the  date  of  the  transaction.  At  the  end  of  each  financial  year, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing as of the end of the financial year. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary  items  that  are  measured  in  terms  of  historical  cost  in  a  foreign  currency  are  not retranslated.

Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on retranslation of monetary items are included in profit or loss for the year. Exchange differences arising on the retranslation of  non-monetary  items  carried  at  fair  value  are  included  in  profit  or  loss  for  the  year  except  for differences arising on the retranslation of non-monetary items in respect of which gains and losses are recognised directly in equity. For such non-monetary items, any exchange component of that gain or loss is also recognised directly in equity through other comprehensive income.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.11 Foreign currency transactions and translation (Continued)

For  the  purpose  of  presenting  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  assets  and  liabilities  of  the Group's foreign operations (including comparatives) are expressed in Singapore dollars using exchange rates prevailing at the end of the financial year. Income and expense items (including comparatives) are translated at the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates fluctuated significantly during  that  period,  in  which  case  the  exchange  rates  at  the  dates  of  the  transactions  are  used. Exchange differences arising, if any, are classified as equity and transferred to the Group's translation reserve. Such translation differences are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which the foreign operation is disposed of.

On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of the net investment in foreign entities  (including  monetary  items  that,  in  substance,  form  part  of  the  net  investment  in  foreign entities), and of borrowings and other currency instruments designated as hedges of such investments, are taken to the foreign currency translation reserve.

Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign operation and translated at the closing rate.

## 2.12 Property, plant and equipment

Leasehold building held for use in the production or supply of goods or services, or for administrative purposes,  is  shown  at  cost  less  any  subsequent  accumulated  depreciation,  and  where  applicable, accumulated impairment losses.

Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. The cost of property, plant and equipment includes its purchase price and any costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management. Dismantlement, removal or restoration costs are included as part of the cost of property, plant and equipment if the obligation for dismantlement, removal or restoration is incurred as a consequence of acquiring or using the property, plant and equipment.

Subsequent expenditure relating to property, plant and equipment is added to the carrying amount of the asset only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to  the  entity  and  the  cost  of  the  item  can  be  measured  reliably.  All  other  repair  and  maintenance expenses are recognised in profit or loss when incurred.

Depreciation is charged so as to write off the cost of assets over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method, on the following bases:

| Leasehold building  46 years  Equipment  5 years  Motor vehicles  3 to 5 years  Computers and office equipment  3 to 5 years  Renovation, furniture and fittings  3 to 5 years   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For right-of-use assets for which ownership of the underlying asset is not transferred to the Group by the end of the lease term, depreciation is charged over the lease term, using the straight-line method. The lease periods are disclosed in Note 17.

The carrying values of property, plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.

The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation methods are reviewed, and adjusted as appropriate, at the end of each financial year.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.12 Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

The gain or loss, being the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, arising on disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised in profit or loss.

Fully depreciated property, plant and equipment are retained in the financial statements until they are no longer in use.

## 2.13 Intangible assets

## Acquired intangible assets

Acquired intangible assets are measured initially at cost. The cost of intangible assets acquired in a business combination is their fair value at the acquisition date. Subsequent to initial recognition, the intangible  assets  are  reported  at  cost  less  accumulated  amortisation  and  accumulated  impairment losses.

Acquired intangible assets have either finite or indefinite useful life.

Intangible assets with finite useful life are amortised over its useful life, using its straight-line method, over the following bases:

| Customer contracts and contractual customer relationships 1 to 5 years Non-contractual customer relationships 2 to 10 years   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The amortisation charge is recognised in profit or loss and is assessed for impairment when there is  an  indication  that  the  intangible  asset  may  be  impaired.  The  estimated  amortisation  period and amortisation methods are reviewed, and adjusted as appropriate, at the end of each financial year.

The intangible asset is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal, with any gain or loss arising from the derecognition of an intangible asset, being  the  difference  between  the  net  disposal  proceeds  and  the  carrying  amount  of  the  asset, recognised in profit or loss.

## Operation system, operational web portal and mobile application

Operation  system,  operational  web  portal  and  mobile  application  are  initially  measured  at  cost. Following  initial  recognition,  operation  system,  operational  web  portal  and  mobile  application  are measured at cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. The operation system,  operational  web  portal  and  mobile  application  are  amortised  to  profit  or  loss  over  its estimated useful lives of 3 years and 5 years, respectively.

## 2.14 Investments in associates

An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence, being the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the entity but is not control or of joint control of these policies, and generally accompanying a shareholding of 20% or more of the voting power.

On acquisition of the associate, any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group's share of the net fair value of the associate identifiable assets and liabilities is accounted as goodwill and is included in the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group's share of the net fair value of the associate identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment is included as income in the determination of the Group's share of the associate's profit or loss in the reporting period in which the investment is acquired. Investments in associates are carried at cost less any impairment loss that has been recognised in profit or loss in the Company's separate financial statements.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.14 Investments in associates (Continued)

The results, assets and liabilities of an associate are incorporated in these financial statements using the equity method of accounting, except when the investment is classified as held for sale, in which case it is accounted for under SFRS(I) 5 from the date on which the investee become classified as held for sale. Under the equity method, investments in associates are carried at cost as adjusted for postacquisition changes in the Group's share of the net assets of the associate, less any impairment loss of individual investments. The Group's share of losses in an associate in excess of the Group's interest in that associate (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of the Group's net investment in the associate) are not recognised, unless the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate. Distributions received from the associate reduce the carrying amount of the investment. Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of the Group's interest in an associate is accounted for in accordance with the Group's accounting policy for goodwill arising on such acquisitions (see above).

Unrealised profits and losses are eliminated to the extent of the Group's interest in the associate. Unrealised losses are also eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains, but only to the extent that there is no impairment.

The  Company  has  accounted  for  its  investments  in  associates  at  cost  in  its  separate  financial statements.

## 2.15 Impairment of non-financial assets excluding goodwill

The Group reviews the carrying amounts of its non-financial assets as at each reporting date to assess for any indication of impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any). Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is the higher of its fair value less costs to sell  and its  value-in-use. In assessing value-in-use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset.

An impairment loss for the amount by which the asset's carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount is recognised immediately in profit or loss, unless the relevant asset is carried at a revalued amount, in which case the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation decrease.

Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (cash-generating unit) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss  been  recognised  for  the  asset  (cash-generating  unit)  in  prior  financial  years.  A  reversal  of  an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss, unless the relevant asset is carried at a revalued amount, in which case the reversal of the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation increase.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.16 Financial instruments

The Group recognises a financial asset or a financial liability in its statement of financial position when the Group becomes party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.

## Financial assets

## Initial recognition and measurement

With the exception of trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group applies a practical expedient, all financial assets are initially measured at fair value, plus transaction costs, except for those financial assets classified as at fair value through profit or loss, which are initially measured at fair value. Such trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group applies a practical expedient are measured at transaction price as defined in SFRS(I) 15 in Note 2.4.

The classification of the financial assets at initial recognition as subsequently measured at amortised cost  and  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  ('FVTPL')  depends  on  the  Group's  business  model  for managing the financial assets and the contractual cash flows characteristics of the financial asset.

The Group's business model refers to how the Group manages its financial assets in order to generate cash  flows  which determines whether cash  flows will result from collecting contractual cash  flows, selling financial assets or both.

The Group determines whether the asset's contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest ('SPPI') on the principal amount outstanding to determine the classification of the financial assets.

## Financial assets at amortised cost

A financial asset is subsequently measured at amortised cost if the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash  flows and the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets at amortised cost include trade and other receivables and cash and bank balances.

Subsequent to initial recognition, the financial asset at amortised cost are measured using the effective interest method and is subject to impairment. Gains or losses are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised, modified or impaired.

## Effective interest method

The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial instrument and allocating the interest income or expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts or payments (including all fees on points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial instrument, or where appropriate, a  shorter  period,  to  the  net  carrying  amount  of  the  financial  instrument.  Income  and  expense  are recognised on an effective interest basis for debt instruments other than those financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss.

Interest  income  is  accrued  on  a  time  basis,  by  reference  to  the  principal  outstanding  and  at  the effective interest rate applicable, and recognised in interest income.

Dividends from equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss only when the Group's right to receive payment of the dividend is established, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the dividend can be measured reliably.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.16 Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

## Financial assets at FVTPL

A  financial  asset  is  subsequently  measured  at  FVTPL  if  the  financial  asset  is  a  financial  asset  held for  trading,  is  not  measured at amortised cost, or is irrevocably elected at initial recognition to be designated FVTPL if, by designating the financial asset as FVTPL, eliminates or significantly reduces a  measurement or recognition inconsistency that would otherwise arise from measuring assets or liabilities or recognising the gains and losses on them on different bases.

Gains or losses are recognised in profit or loss.

## Impairment of financial assets

The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses ('ECL') on financial assets measured at amortised cost. At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition by assessing the change in the risk of a default occurring over the expected life of the financial instrument. Where the financial asset is determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has not increased significantly since initial recognition.

The  Group  uses  reasonable  and  supportable  forward-looking  information  that  is  available  without undue  cost  or  effort  as  well  as  past  due  information  when  determining  whether  credit  risk  has increased significantly since initial recognition.

Where the credit risk on that financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group measures the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to the lifetime ECL.  Where  the  credit  risk  on  that  financial  instrument  has  not  increased  significantly  since  initial recognition, the Group measures the loss allowance for that financial instrument at an amount equal to 12-month ECL.

The Group applies the simplified approach to recognise the ECL for trade receivables, which is to measure the loss allowance at an amount equal to lifetime ECL. As a practical expedient, the Group uses  an  allowance  matrix  derived  based  on  historical  credit  loss  experience  adjusted  for  current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions for measuring ECL.

The amount of ECL or reversal thereof that is required to adjust the loss allowance at the reporting date to the amount that is required to be recognised is recognised in profit or loss.

The Group directly reduces the gross carrying amount of a financial asset when the entity has no reasonable expectations of recovering a financial asset in its entirety or a portion thereof.

For details on the Group's accounting policy for its impairment of financial assets, refer to Note 30.

## Derecognition of financial assets

The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire, or it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds receivables.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.16 Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial liabilities and equity instruments

## Classification as debt or equity

Financial liabilities and equity instruments issued by Group are classified according to the substance of the contractual arrangements entered into and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.

## Equity instruments

An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of the Group after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments are recorded at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

## Ordinary share capital

Ordinary share capital is classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of ordinary shares and share options are recognised as a deduction from equity.

## Financial liabilities

## Initial recognition and measurement

All  financial  liabilities  are  initially  measured  at  fair  value,  minus  transaction  costs,  except  for  those financial liabilities classified as at fair value through profit or loss, which are initially measured at fair value.

Financial liabilities are classified as either financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss or other financial liabilities.

Financial liabilities are classified as at fair value through profit or loss if the financial liability is either held for trading or it is designated as such upon initial recognition.

## Other financial liabilities

## Trade and other payables

Trade  and  other  payables  are  initially  measured  at  fair  value,  net  of  transaction  costs,  and  are subsequently measured at amortised cost, where applicable, using the effective interest method, with interest expense recognised on an effective yield basis. A gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss when the liability is derecognised and through the amortisation process.

## Borrowings

Interest-bearing bank loans and overdrafts are initially measured at fair value, and are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the settlement or redemption of borrowings is recognised over the term of the borrowings in accordance with the Group's accounting policy for borrowing costs (see Note 2.5 above). A gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss when the liability is derecognised and through the amortisation process.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.16 Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial liabilities and equity instruments (Continued)

## Other financial liabilities (Continued)

## Financial guarantee contracts

The Company has issued corporate guarantees to banks for banking facilities granted by them to certain  subsidiaries  and  these  guarantees  qualify  as  financial  guarantees  because  the  Company  is required to reimburse the banks if these subsidiaries breach any repayment terms.

Financial guarantee contract liabilities are measured initially at their fair values plus transaction costs and subsequently at the higher of the amount of the loss allowance and the amount initially recognised less cumulative amortisation in accordance with SFRS(I) 15.

## Derecognition of financial liabilities

The  Group  derecognises  financial  liabilities  when,  and  only  when,  the  Group's  obligations  are discharged, cancelled or they expire.

## Offsetting of financial instruments

A  financial  asset  and  a  financial  liability  shall  be  offset,  and  the  net  amount  presented  in  the statements of financial position when and only when, an entity:

- (a) currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts; and
- (b) intends  either  to  settle  on  a  net  basis,  or  to  realise  the  asset  and  settle  the  liability simultaneously.

## 2.17 Inventories

Inventories, comprising mainly chemical products, face masks, electronic products for sales, and other materials used for the daily operation, are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost comprises direct materials and, where applicable, direct labour costs and those overheads that have been incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition. Cost is calculated using  weighted  average  methods.  Net  realisable  value  represents  the  net  amount  that  the  Group expects to realise from the sale of inventories in the ordinary course of business.

## 2.18 Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and demand deposits with financial institutions which are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and are subject to insignificant risk of changes in  value.  For  the  purpose  of  the  consolidated  statement  of  cash  flows,  cash  and  cash  equivalents exclude deposits pledged with the financial institutions as collateral which form an integral part of the Group's cash management.

## 2.19 Leases

At inception of a contract, the Group assessed whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is,  or  contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.19 Leases (Continued)

Where a contract contains more than one lease component, the Group allocates the consideration in  the  contract  to  each  lease  component  on  the  basis  of  the  relative  standalone  price  of  the  lease component.  Where  the  contract  contains  non-lease  components,  the  Group  applied  the  practical expedient to not to separate non-lease components from lease components, and instead account for each lease component and any associated non-lease components as a single lease component.

The Group recognises a right-of-use asset and lease liability at the lease commencement date for all lease arrangement for which the Group is the lessee, except for leases which have lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low value assets for which the Group applied the recognition exemption allowed under SFRS(I) 16  Leases. For these leases, the Group recognises the lease payment as an operating expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.

The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability  adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located.

The  right-of-use  asset  is  subsequently  depreciated  using  the  straight-line  method  from  the commencement  date  to  the  end  of  the  lease  term.  When  the  lease  transfers  ownership  of  the underlying asset to the Group by the end of the lease term or the cost of the right-of-use asset reflects that  the  Group  will  exercise  a  purchase  option,  the  right-of-use  asset  will  be  depreciated  over  the useful life of the underlying asset, which is determined on the same basis as those of property, plant and equipment. The right-of-use asset is also reduced by impairment losses, if any, and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability, where applicable.

Right-of-use assets are presented in Note 17.

The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the lessee's incremental borrowing rate.

The  Group  generally  uses  the  incremental  borrowing  rate  as  the  discount  rate.  To  determine  the incremental borrowing rate, the Group obtains a reference rate and makes certain adjustments to reflect the terms of the lease and the asset leased.

The lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise the following:

- -fixed payments, including in-substance fixed payments less any lease incentive receivable,
- -variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the commencement date,
- -amounts expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee,
- -the exercise price under a purchase option that the Group is reasonably certain to exercise, and
- -payments of penalties for terminating the lease if the Group is reasonably certain to terminate early and lease payments for an optional renewal period if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise an extension option.

The  lease  liability  is  measured  at  amortised  cost  using  the  effective  interest  method.  The  Group remeasures the lease liability when there is a change in the lease term due to a change in assessment of whether it will exercise a termination or extension or purchase option or due to a change in future lease payment resulting from a change in an index or a rate used to determine those payment.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.19 Leases (Continued)

Where there is a remeasurement of the lease liability, a corresponding adjustment is made to the rightof-use asset or in profit or loss where there is a further reduction in the measurement of the lease liability and the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.

## The Group as a lessor

Where a contract contains more than one lease and/or non-lease component, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative standalone price of the lease component.

At the lease commencement date, the Group assess and classify each lease as either an operating lease  or  a  finance  lease.  Leases  are  classified  as  finance  leases  whenever  the  terms  of  the  lease transfer substantially all  the  risks  and  rewards  incidental  to  ownership  of  the  leased  assets  to  the lessee. All other leases are classified as operating leases.

## Operating leases

Rental income from operating leases is recognised on a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant lease unless another systematic basis is more representative of the time pattern in which use benefit derived from the leased asset is diminished. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

When the Group subleases its right-of-use assets, it accounts for its interest in the head lease and the sub-lease separately. It assesses its sublease with reference to the right-of- use asset arising from the head lease, instead of by reference to the underlying asset. If the head lease is a short-term lease to which the Group applied the short-term lease recognition exemption, it classifies the sublease as an operating lease.

## 2.20 Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the end of the financial year, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. Where a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash  flows, which is discounted using a pre-tax discount rate.

When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered from a third party, the receivable is recognised as an asset if it is virtually certain that reimbursement will be received, and the amount of the receivable can be measured reliably.

Changes in the estimated timing or amount of the expenditure or discount rate are recognised in profit or loss as it arises.

## 2.21 Government grants

Government grants are recognised where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. Where the grant relates to an expense, the grant is recognised as income in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the related costs, for which the grants are intended to compensate, is expensed. Where the grant relates to an asset, the grant is recognised as deferred capital grant on the statement of financial position and is amortised to profit or loss over the expected useful life of the relevant asset by equal annual instalment.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.22 Contingencies

A contingent liability is:

- (i) a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group; or
- (ii) a present obligation that arises from past events but is not recognised because:
- (a) it  is  not  probable  that  an  outflow  of  resources  embodying  economic  benefits  will  be required to settle the obligation; or
- (b) the amount of the obligation cannot be measured with sufficient reliability.

A  contingent  asset  is  a  possible  asset  that  arises  from  past  events  and  whose  existence  will  be confirmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group.

Contingencies are not recognised on the statements of financial position of the Group, except for contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination that are present obligations and which the fair value can be reliably determined.

## 2.23 Segment reporting

Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the group of executive directors and the chief executive officer who make strategic decisions.

## 3. Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty

The Group made judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that  were  not  readily  apparent  from  other  sources  in  the  application  of  the  Group's  accounting  policies. Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from the estimates.

## 3.1 Critical judgements made in applying the Group's accounting policies

## Lease extension option included in lease contracts

The  Group  has  several  lease  contracts  which  include  an  extension  option.  In  the  assessment  of whether to include or exclude the extension period in the lease term, the Company considers all relevant facts and circumstances that will create an economic incentive for it to exercise the extension option. After the lease commencement date, the Group only reassesses the lease term when there is a significant event or change in circumstances that is within its control to affect whether it is reasonably certain to exercise the option.

The Group did not include the extension option in the lease term because they are not reasonably certain that the Group would exercise the extension option.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## 3.2 Key sources of estimation uncertainty

The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below.

## Impairment of loan receivable from an associate, G3 Environmental Private Limited ('G3')

At the end of each financial year, an assessment is made on whether there is indicator that the Group's loan receivable from an associate is impaired. The Group also considers the forward-looking factors specific to the associate and the economic environment which could affect the ability of the associate to  settle  the  loan,  including,  but  not  limited  to  the  viability  of  the  financial  support  provided  by  its immediate holding company and other shareholder. If the financial conditions of the associate were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of its ability to make payments, allowances may be required.

Based  on  the  unaudited  management  accounts  of  G3  and  its  subsidiaries  ('G3  Group')  as  at  31 December 2022, current liabilities exceeded its current assets by S$2.5 million, and its total assets exceeded its total liabilities by S$0.7 million. In addition, G3 Group has cash and bank balances of S$9.8 million and amount due to shareholders of S$12.4 million.

Given the above financial condition of G3, it has been assessed that there is significant increase in credit risk from initial recognition. Management assessed the ECL relating to the loan receivable from G3 based on lifetime ECL. The Group considered the ability of G3 to settle the loan on a repayable on demand basis. The Group also considered the cash  flow forecast of G3 Group during the expected recovery period with reference to relevant and reliable forward-looking outlook and information. G3 has obtained the confirmations from other shareholders not to demand for repayment for at least 12 months from 3 February 2023.

The carrying amount of loan receivable as at 31 December 2022 was S$2,492,000 (2021: S$2,492,000). No allowance for impairment has been recognised as at 31 December 2022 and 2021.

## Fair value of financial instruments

Where the fair values of financial instruments recorded in the statement of financial position cannot be derived from active markets, they are determined using valuation techniques, including the discounted cash flow model. The inputs to these models are derived from observable market data where possible, but where this is not feasible, a degree of judgement is required in establishing the fair values. The judgements  include  considerations  of  liquidity  and  model  inputs  regarding  the  future  financial performance of the investee, its risk profile, and economic assumptions regarding the industry and geographical jurisdiction in which the investee operates. Changes in assumptions about these factors could affect the reported fair value of financial instruments. The valuation of financial instruments is described in more details in Note 31.

## Impairment of investments in subsidiaries and associates

At the end of each financial year, an assessment is made on whether there are indicators that the Group's  and  the  Company's  investments  are  impaired.  Where  applicable,  the  Group's  and  the Company's assessment are based on the estimation of the value-in-use of the assets defined in SFRS(I) 1-36 Impairment of Assets by forecasting the expected future cash flows for a period up to 5 years, using a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows. In determining the value-in-use, the Group has considered the expected and estimated impact of COVID-19 on the key inputs, including the discount rate and growth rate, as well as key assumptions applied. The Company's carrying  amount  of  investments  in  subsidiaries  as  at  31  December  2022  was  S$11,487,000  (2021: S$11,487,000) (Note 13). The Group's carrying amount of investments in associates as at 31 December 2022 was S$411,000 (2021: S$396,000) (Note 14).

.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## 3.2 Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## Impairment of goodwill

The Group tests goodwill for impairment at least on an annual basis. Determining whether goodwill is  impaired requires an estimation of the value-in-use of the cash-generating units ('CGU') to which goodwill has been allocated. The value-in-use calculation requires the entity to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise from the CGU and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate present value. The Group also took into consideration of the expected and estimated impact of COVID-19 on key inputs, including the discount rate and growth rate, as well as key assumptions applied. There was impairment loss S$2,525,000 (2021: S$1,619,000) recognised during the financial year. The carrying amount of goodwill as at 31 December 2022 was S$2,845,000 (2021: S$4,425,000) (Note 11).

## Impairment of intangible assets

At the end of each financial year, an assessment is made on whether there are indicators that the Group's  intangible  assets  are  impaired.  The  valuation  and  useful  life  of  the  intangible  assets  are based on management's best estimates of future performance and periods over which value from the intangible asset will be realised and took into consideration of the expected and estimated impact of COVID-19 on key inputs. Management reassesses the estimated useful life at each period end, taking into  account  the  period  over  which  the  intangible  asset  is  expected  to  generate  future  economic benefits. The carrying amount of the Group's intangible assets as at 31 December 2022 was S$412,000 (2021: S$539,000) (Note 12).

## Measurement of ECL of trade receivables

The Group uses an allowance matrix to measure ECL for trade receivables. The ECL rates are based on the Group's historical loss experience of the customers, for the last 3 years prior to the reporting date for various customer groups that are assessed through the age analysis, adjusted for forward looking  factors  including  their  best  estimate  of  the  impact  of  COVID-19,  specific  to  the  debtors and  the  economic  environment  which  could  affect  the  ability  of  the  debtors  to  settle  the  trade receivables. The Group adjusts the allowance matrix at each reporting date. Such estimation of the ECL rates may not be representative of the actual default in the future. The carrying amount of the Group's trade receivables  as  at  31  December  2022  was  S$9,459,000  (2021:  S$9,787,000)  (Note  20). The expected loss allowance on the Group's trade receivables as at 31 December 2022 was S$231,000 (2021: S$273,000) (Note 20).

## Depreciation of property, plant and equipment

The  Group  depreciates  the  property,  plant  and  equipment  over  their  estimated  useful  lives  after taking into account of their estimated residual values. The estimated useful life reflects management's estimate of the period that the Group intends to derive future economic benefits from the use of the Group's property, plant and equipment. The residual value reflects management's estimated amount that the Group would currently obtain from the disposal of the asset, after deducting the estimated costs of disposal, as if the asset were already of the age and in the condition expected at the end of its useful life. Changes in the expected level of usage and technological developments could affect the economics, useful lives and the residual values of these assets which could then consequentially impact future depreciation charges. The carrying amount of the Group's property, plant and equipment as at 31 December 2022 was S$1,854,000 (2021: S$2,007,000) (Note 16).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## 3.2 Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## Inventory valuation method

Inventory is valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Management reviews the Group's inventory  levels  in  order  to  identify  slow-moving  and  obsolete  inventory  and  identifies  items  of inventory which have a market price, being the selling price quoted from the market of similar items that is lower than its carrying amount. Management then estimates the amount of inventory loss as an allowance on inventory, if any. Changes in demand levels, technological developments and pricing competition could affect the saleability and values of the inventory which could then consequentially impact the Group's and the Company's results, cash flows and financial position. The carrying amount of the Group's inventories as at 31 December 2022 was S$873,000 (2021: S$697,000). The allowance made on inventory for the year ended 31 December 2022 was S$64,000 (2021: S$Nil).

## Provision for income taxes

The Group has exposure to income taxes in Singapore of which a portion of these taxes arose from certain transactions and computations for which ultimate tax determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. The Group recognises liabilities of expected tax issues based on their best estimates of the likely taxes due. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recognised, such differences will impact the income tax and deferred tax positions in the period in which such determination is made. The carrying amount of the Group's and Company's current tax payable as at 31 December 2022 were S$Nil (2021: S$19,000) and S$Nil (2021: S$6,000) respectively.

## 4. Revenue

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Service income (point in time)  - Employment Services  9,686  6,551  - Building Management Services  6,750  6,753  - Security Services  3,004  21  19,440  13,325  Service income (over time)  - Employment Services  16  10  - Building Management Services  30,977  27,832  - Security Services  12,293  18,077  43,286  45,919  Installation services (point in time)  21  204  Sales of goods (point in time)  356  684  63,103  60,132   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 4. Revenue (Continue)

Transaction price allocated to the remaining unsatisfied or partially satisfied performance obligations and expected to be realised in the following financial years are as follows:

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Within one year  10,079  11,853  After one year within five years  4,037  2,272  14,116  14,125   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

This may be recognised as revenue subject to the complete satisfaction of the services with acceptance by customers and termination clauses within the contracts.

The Group has applied the practical expedient permitted under SFRS(I) 15 for those performance obligations which are part of contracts that have an original expected duration of one year or less.

## 5. Other operating income

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Administrative fees income  11  54  Dividend income from quoted equity instruments  153  53  Foreign exchange gain, net  *  *  Realised gain from investment in financial assets  -  73  Gain on bargain purchase arising from acquisition  -  245  Government credit schemes and government grants  2,327  2,929  Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment  6  -  Gain on lease termination  6  -  Gain on striking off of subsidiary  23  -  Income from supplies to subcontractors  4  4  Interest income from advances to subcontractors  16  9  Interest income from fixed deposits  181  74  197  83  Rental income  26  55  Refund of insurance charges  34  21  Others  3  22  2,790  3,539   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Denotes amount less than S$1,000

Government credit schemes and government grants consist of special employment credit, senior employment credit, wage credit scheme, enabling employment credit, Jobs Support Schemes ('JSS'), Jobs Growth Incentive ('JGI'),  property tax rebates, national serviceman relief, Absentee Payroll funding from Singapore Workforce Development Agency, grant under WorkPro programme from Singapore National Employers Federation, Skill  Future funding from Skills Future Singapore Agency in connection to certifiable skills training courses, Capability  Development  Grant,  Enterprise  Development  Grant  and  Productivity  Solutions  Grant  from Enterprise Singapore.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 5. Other operating income (Continued)

## COVID-19 Government Assistance Schemes

The JSS provides wage support to employers to help them retain their local employees (Singapore Citizens and Permanent Residents) during this period of economic uncertainty. JSS payouts are intended to offset local employees' wages and help protect their jobs. The JGI supports employers to expand local hiring and the support will vary depending on when local hire was hired and the characteristics of the local hire. Under the property tax rebates, the property owners of qualifying properties, depending on the property type, will be granted rebates of up to 100% on their property tax payable.

The  Group  has  been  awarded  certain  government  grants  for  which  the  grant  income  was  recognised in  other income. The grant income relating to JSS, JGI and property tax rebates amounted to S$1,149,000 (2021: S$1,769,000), and the corresponding expenses were recognised in staff costs under cost of sales and administrative expenses respectively. Grant receivables of S$261,000 (2021: S$797,000) were recognised in trade and other receivables (Note 20) and deferred government income of S$206,000 (2021: S$362,000) was recognised in trade and other payables (Note 26).

## 6. Finance expenses

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Interest expenses on:  - Leases  89  104  - Property loan  9  12  98  116   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7. Loss before income tax

The following charges/(credit) were included in the determination of loss before income tax:

| Group  Note  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Included in cost of sales:  Cost of inventories recognised as an expense  19  380  996  Allowance for inventory obsolescence  64  -  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  17  378  337  Insurance  357  507  Expenses relating to short-term leases  136  351  Expenses relating to low-value assets  21  -  Recruitment expenses  3,586  2,152  Staff costs (excluding key management personnel remuneration)  8  34,334  32,868  Subcontractors' fees  8,018  7,760   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 7. Loss before income tax (Continued)

| Group  Note  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Included in administrative expenses:  Audit fees to auditors of the Company:  - Current financial year  290  248  Non-audit fees to auditors of the Company  47  45  Advertising expenses  216  238  (Reversal of loss allowance)/  Loss allowance for receivables (trade)  20  (20)  85  Loss on lease modification  -  5  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment  3  6  Amortisation of intangible assets  12  185  281  Bad debts written-off  2  2  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  16  577  587  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  17  1,240  1,343  Directors' fees  29  148  145  Fair value loss arising from quoted financial assets at FVTPL  15  30  363  Fair value loss arising from unquoted financial assets at FVTPL  15  125  486  Impairment loss of goodwill  11  2,525  1,619  Insurance  318  280  Key management personnel remuneration  29  4,339  4,267  Expenses relating to short-term leases  150  153  Expenses relating to low-value assets  3  3  Property, plant and equipment written-off  1  65  Consultancy retainer fees  462  118  Staff costs (excluding key management personnel remuneration)  8  7,550  7,890  Written off of lease liabilities  11  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8. Staff costs (excluding key management personnel remuneration)

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Cost of sales  Salaries, allowances and other benefits  31,317  29,916  Defined contribution plan  3,017  2,952  34,334  32,868  Administrative expenses  Salaries, allowances and other benefits  6,836  7,116  Defined contribution plan  714  774  7,550  7,890  Total staff costs  41,884  40,758   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 9. Income tax expense/(credit)

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Current income tax  - Current financial year  -  23  - (Over)/Under-provision in prior financial years  (11)  11  (11)  34  Deferred income tax (Note 18)  - Origination and reversal of temporary differences  (7)  *  - Under/(Over)-provision in prior financial years  23  (48)  16  (48)  Total tax expense/(credit)  5  (14)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Denotes amount less than S$1,000

The Group is incorporated in Singapore and accordingly is subject to income tax rate of 17% (2021: 17%).

Reconciliation of effective tax rate is as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Loss before income tax  (4,668)  (4,126)  Share of (profits)/losses from equity-accounted for associates, net of taxation  (15)  180  Loss before income tax and share of (profits)/losses from  equity-accounted for associates, net of taxation  (4,683)  (3,946)  Income tax at statutory rate (17%)  (796)  (671)  Tax effects of:  -  Expenses not deductible for tax purposes  1,007  714  -  Income not subject to tax  (314)  (205)  -  Tax incentive and special allowance  (54)  (117)  -  Tax exemptions and rebates  -  (27)  -  Under/(Over)-provision in prior financial years  12  (37)  -  Unrecognised deferred tax benefits  156  330  -  Others  (6)  (1)  Total tax expense/(credit)  5  (14)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 10. Loss per share

Basic and diluted loss per share are calculated by dividing the loss for the financial year attributable to owners of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year. The following table reflects the loss and share data used in the computation of basic loss per share:

| Group  2022  2021  Loss for the purposes of basic and diluted loss per share (loss for the  financial year attributable to owners of the Company) (S$'000)  (4,421)  (4,045)  Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for basic  and diluted loss per share ('000)  251,186  251,188  Basic and diluted loss per share (cents)  (1.76)  (1.61)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The basic and diluted loss per share is the same as there were no potentially dilutive instruments.

There  were  no  share  options  outstanding  as  at  31  December  2022  (31  December  2021:  859,000  share options).  There  were  no  share  options  granted  as  at  31  December  2022  (31  December  2021:  S$0.40  per share). The share options are not considered to be dilutive for 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021.

The weighted average number of ordinary shares for financial year ended 31 December 2021 was computed based on the purchase of 10,000 and 69,000 treasury shares by the Company on 5 January 2021 and 12 January 2021 respectively. There were no purchase of treasury shares during the financial year ended 31 December 2022.

## 11. Goodwill on consolidation

| Note  Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Cost  :  At 1 January  4,425  5,440  Arising on acquisition of subsidiaries  13(b)/  13(e)  945  604  Impairment loss  (2,525)  (1,619)  At 31 December  2,845  4,425   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 11. Goodwill on consolidation (Continued)

Goodwill acquired through business combinations is allocated, at acquisition, to the CGU that are expected to benefit from those business combinations. The carrying amount of goodwill had been allocated as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Ashtree International Pte. Ltd.  115  115  Newman group  (1)  1,785  1,785  SRE group  (2)  945  -  Premier Group  (3)  -  2,525  2,845  4,425   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Newman Group - NGPC, NAPL and PPMC Pte. Ltd. have been allocated as one CGU.

(2) SRE Group - SRE Global Pte. Ltd. ('SRE'), SRE Management Pte. Ltd. ('SREM' formerly known as Propmag Management Services Pte. Ltd.) and SRE Property &amp; Facility Pte. Ltd. ('SREP' formerly known as Propmag Property &amp; Facility Pte. Ltd.) have been allocated as one CGU.

(3) Premier Group - Premier Eco-Care Pte. Ltd. and Prestige International Management Pte. Ltd. have been allocated as one CGU.

During the financial year ended 31 December 2022, goodwill with carrying amount of S$945,000 was acquired through the purchase of SREM and SREP (Note 13(b)) in the Building Management Services Business segment.

During the financial year ended 31 December 2021, goodwill with carrying amount of S$604,000 as of the end of the financial year then ended was acquired through the purchase of PPMC Pte. Ltd. (Note 13(e)) in the Building Management Services Business segment.

## Impairment testing of each goodwill

The Group tests CGU for impairment annually, or more frequently when there is an indication for impairment.

The Group has measured the recoverable amount of each CGU based on 5-years cash  flows projections approved  by  the  Board  of  Directors.  Key  assumptions  on  which  management  has  based  its  cash flow projections for the respective periods of the significant CGU are as follows:

| SRE Group  Premier Group  Newman Group  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  Revenue growth  rates  7.95% to  9.15%  -  0.86% to  2.4%  1.50% to  1.60%  -6.27% to  2.40%  Actual  contracts  Gross profit  margins  32.48% to  38.18%  -  51.73%  53.80%  39.31% to  50.85%  16.10%  Discount rates  11.07%  -  10.99%  9.74%  11.07%  11.20%  Terminal growth  rates  1.88%  -  1.88%  1.50%  1.88%  1.50%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Key assumptions used in the value-in-use calculations

Revenue  growth  rates -  The  forecasted  revenue  growth  rates  used  are  based  on  contractual  customers wherein contracts are mostly with a one to two-years term and automatic renewal clause relevant to the CGUs and regular  customers,  taking  into  account  of  the  forecasted  revenue  growth  rate  relevant  to  the environment where the CGUs operate in.

## 11. Goodwill on consolidation (Continued)

Key assumptions used in the value-in-use calculations (Continued)

Gross profit margins - Gross profit margins are determined based on past performance and its expectations of market developments.

Discount  rates -  The  discount  rate  used  is  based  on  the  weighted  average  cost  of  the  CGU's  capital  (the 'WACC'), adjusted for the specific circumstances of the CGU and based on management's experience, and regrossed back to arrive at the pre-tax rate.

Terminal growth rates -  The  terminal  growth rates are determined based on management's estimate of the long-term industry growth rates.

## Sensitivity to changes in assumptions

Management is of the view that any reasonable possible change in any of the above key assumptions is not likely to materially cause the CGU's carrying amount to exceed its recoverable amount.

## Impairment loss recognised

During  the  financial  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Group  has  recognised  impairment  losses  of S$2,525,000  for  goodwill  relating  to  Premier  Group  due  to  its  continuous  underperformance  amidst challenging economic conditions.

During  the  financial  year  ended  31  December  2021,  the  Group  has  recognised  impairment  losses  of S$1,489,000, S$97,000 and S$33,000 for goodwill relating to Premier Group, Country Cousin, and World Clean respectively due to continuous underperformance amid the COVID-19 pandemic.

## 12. Intangible assets

| Group  Customer contracts  and contractual  customer  relationships  (1)  Non-contractual  customer  relationships  (2)  Operation system,  operational web  portal and mobile  application  (3)  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Cost  At 1 January 2021  2,571  312  488  3,371  Additions  -  -  104  104  Acquisition of a subsidiary (Note 13(e))  -  50  -  50  At 31 December 2021  2,571  362  592  3,525  Acquisition of a subsidiary (Note 13(b))  58  -  -  58  At 31 December 2022  2,629  362  592  3,583  Accumulated amortisation  At 1 January 2021  2,451  163  91  2,705  Amortisation for the financial year  120  49  112  281  At 31 December 2021  2,571  212  203  2,986  Amortisation for the financial year  22  51  112  185  At 31 December 2022  2,593  263  315  3,171  Carrying amount  At 31 December 2022  36  99  277  412  At 31 December 2021  -  150  389  539   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 12. Intangible assets (Continued)

- (1) Customer contracts  and  contractual  customer  relationships  were  acquired  in  business  combinations  during  the financial years ended 31 December 2016, 2017, 2019 and 2022.
- (2) Cost of non-contractual customer relationships is attributable to long-term relationship with its customers.
- (3) Cost is attributable to purchase of (i) operational web portal for Group's Employment Services Business, (ii) mobile application for cleaning services, (iii) a dashboard for property management services, and (iv) operation system for pest control services.

During the financial  year  ended  31  December  2021,  the  Group  acquired  intangible  assets  for  S$104,000 through means of a deposit paid in the financial year ended 31 December 2020. There were no such additions during the current year.

## 13. Investments in subsidiaries

| Company  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Investments in subsidiaries, at cost  11,371  11,371  Deemed investment arising from employees share options provided  to employees of subsidiaries  116  116  11,487  11,487   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The details of the subsidiaries are as follows:

| Name of subsidiaries  Principal activities  Effective equity held  by the Company  2022  2021  %  %  Held directly by the Company  Advancer Global Manpower  Pte. Ltd.  (1) (2)  Investment holding  100  100  Advancer Global Facility  Pte. Ltd. ('AGF')  (1)  Management consultancy services /  Investment holding  100  100  Advancer Global Security  Pte. Ltd. ('AGS')  (1) (2)  Investment holding  100  100   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 13. Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

| Name of subsidiaries  Principal activities  Effective equity held  by the Company  2022  2021  %  %  Held through Advancer Global Manpower Pte. Ltd.  Advancer Nation Pte. Ltd. (1) (2)  Management consultancy service / Other  Holding Companies  100  100  APAC Cities Employment  Pte. Ltd.  (5)  Domestic worker employment placement  agencies (excluding online marketplaces)  -  100  Enreach Employment  Pte. Ltd.  (5)  Domestic worker employment placement  agencies (excluding online marketplaces) /  Employment agencies (excluding domestic  worker employment placement agencies  and online marketplaces)  -  100  Nation Human Resources  Pte. Ltd.  (1)  Domestic worker employment placement  agencies (excluding online marketplaces)  / Chartered bus services (including school  buses)  100  100  Nation Employment  Pte Ltd  (1)  Domestic worker employment placement  agencies (excluding online marketplaces)/  Letting of self-owned or leased real estate  property except food courts, coffee shops  and canteens (e.g. office/exhibition space,  shopping mall, self-storage facilities)  100  100  Held through Advancer Global Facility Pte. Ltd.  Our Express Pte. Ltd.  ('Our Express')  (1)  Online marketplaces for services N.E.C/  Online marketplaces for goods (including  food)  100  100  First Stewards Private  Limited  (1)  General cleaning services (including cleaning  of public areas, offices and factories)  except household cleaning and online  marketplaces  100  100  Green Management  Pte. Ltd.  (4)  Pest control services not in connection with  agriculture (pest control, fumigation and  other ecological care services)  -  100   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 13. Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

The details of the subsidiaries are as follows: (Continued)

| Name of subsidiaries  Principal activities  Effective equity held  by the Company  2022  2021  %  %  Held through Advancer Global Facility Pte. Ltd. (Continued)  Master Clean Facility Services  Pte. Ltd. (1)  General cleaning services (including cleaning  of public areas, offices and factories)  except household cleaning and online  marketplaces / Management consultancy  services  100  100  Newman &amp; Associates Pte. Ltd.  ('NAPL') (1)  Management of self-owned strata titled  property (i.e. management corporation  strata title) (Services including building  related services essential for upkeep  of building) / Real estate agencies and  valuation services  92  (Note a)  76  Newman &amp; Goh Property  Consultants Pte Ltd ('NGPC') (1)  Residential (other than town councils),  commercial and industrial real estate  management / services including building  related services essential for upkeep  of building) / Real estate agencies and  valuation services  92  (Note a)  76  (Note d)  PPMC Pte. Ltd. (Wholly-owned  subsidiary of NGPC)  ('PPMC')  (2) (5)  Management consultancy services (General)  -  76  (Note e)  Premier Eco-Care Pte. Ltd. (1)  Pest control services not in connection with  agriculture (Pest control, fumigation and  other ecological care services) / General  cleaning services (including cleaning  of public areas, offices and factories)  except household cleaning and online  marketplaces  100  100  Prestige International  Management Pte. Ltd.  (Wholly-owned subsidiary of  Premier Eco-Care Pte. Ltd.)  (1)  Pest control services not in connection with  agriculture (Pest control, fumigation and  other ecological care services) / Domestic  worker employment placement agencies  (excluding online marketplaces)  100  100  World Clean Facility Services  Pte. Ltd.  (1)  General cleaning services (including cleaning  of public areas, offices and factories)  except household cleaning and online  marketplaces / Pest control services not in  connection with agriculture (Pest control,  fumigation and other ecological care  services)  100  100   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 13. Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

The details of the subsidiaries are as follows: (Continued)

| 113  ADVANCER GLOBAL LIMITED  Name of subsidiaries  Principal activities  Effective equity held  by the Company  2022  2021  %  %  Held through Advancer Global Facility Pte. Ltd. (Continued)  Advancer Smart Technology  Pte. Ltd. ('AST')  (1)  Data analytics, processing and related  activities n.e.c.(Data analytics from internet  of things devise &amp; embedded artificial  intelligence) / Wholesale of electronic  components  85  85  (Note f)  Country Cousins Pte. Ltd.  ('Country Cousins')  (1)  Landscape planting, care and maintenance  service activities (e.g. garden installation  and maintenance, grass cutting, tree felling,  pruning) / Domestic worker employment  placement agencies (excluding online  marketplaces)  100  100  (Note g)  SRE Global Pte. Ltd. ('SRE')  (1)  Real estate developer / Real estate agencies  and valuation services  82  82  HBA Group Property  Consultants Pte. Ltd. (Wholly-  owned subsidiary of SRE)  (3)  Residential (other than town councils),  commercial and industrial real estate  management / Real estate agencies and  valuation services  82  82  (Note h)  SRE Management Services Pte.  Ltd. (Wholly-owned subsidiary  of SRE) (formerly known  as Propmag Management  Services Pte. Ltd.) ('SREM')  (1)  Residential (other than town councils),  commercial and industrial real estate  management  82  (Note b)  -  SRE Property &amp; Facility Pte. Ltd.  (Wholly-owned subsidiary  of SRE) (formerly known as  Propmag Property &amp; Facility  Pte. Ltd.) ('SREP')  (1)  Residential (other than town councils),  commercial and industrial real estate  management  82  (Note b)  -  Held through Advancer Global Security Pte. Ltd.  AGS Integration Pte. Ltd.  ('AGSI')  (1)  Private security activities / Other  construction installation n.e.c.  70  70  (Note i)  Advancer IFM Pte. Ltd.  (formerly known as Ashtree  International Pte. Ltd). (1)  Private security activities / General cleaning  services (including cleaning of public areas,  offices and factories) except household  cleaning and online marketplaces  100  100  KH Security Pte. Ltd. ('KH')  (1)  Private security activities / General cleaning  services (including cleaning of public areas,  offices and factories) except household  cleaning and online marketplaces  100  (Note c)  100  KH Security Agency Pte. Ltd.  (3)  Private security activities / General cleaning  services (including cleaning of public areas,  offices and factories) except household  cleaning and online marketplaces  100  100   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 13. Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

The details of the subsidiaries are as follows: (Continued)

- (1) Audited by Mazars LLP, Singapore.
- (2) The subsidiaries are dormant.
- (3) Subsequent  to  the  financial  year,  these  subsidiaries  have  been  struck-off  from  the  Register  of  Accounting  and Corporate  Regulatory  Authority  (ACRA)  pursuant  to  Section  344  of  the  Companies  Act  1967  of  Singapore.  The unaudited accounts have been used for the purpose of consolidation as it is not material to the Group's consolidated financial statements (Note 35).
- (4) Struck off from the Register of Companies pursuant to Section 344A of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore on 7 February 2022.
- (5) Struck off from the Register of Companies pursuant to Section 344A of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore on 8 April 2022.

All subsidiaries are incorporated and operating in Singapore.

Interest in subsidiaries with material non-controlling interests ('NCI')

The Group has the following subsidiaries which have NCI that are material to the Group:

| Name of subsidiaries  Proportion of  ownership interest  held by NCI  (Loss)/Profit allocated  to NCI during the  financial year  Accumulated NCI  at the reporting date  Dividends payable  to NCI  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  %  %  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  AGSI  30  30  (112)  (109)  (103)  9  -  -  NGPC  8  24  46  110  106  445  73  216  SRE  18  18  (97)  89  126  223  -  90  AST  15  15  (104)  (105)  (209)  (105)  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There is no significant restriction on the Group's ability to access or use the assets and settle the liabilities of the Group.

<!-- image -->

## 13. Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

Interest in subsidiaries with material non-controlling interests ('NCI') (Continued)

Summarised financial information (before intercompany eliminations):

| AGSI  NGPC  SRE  AST  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Assets:  Non-current assets  1,089  1,177  1,166  1,458  1,253  748  68  166  Current assets  2,125  2,665  2,180  2,457  1,708  1,650  636  1,236  Liabilities:  Non-current liabilities  524  530  116  314  83  53  13  8  Current liabilities  3,035  3,283  1,823  1,733  2,180  1,108  2,383  2,393  Net assets/(liabilities)  (345)  29  1,407  1,868  698  1,237  (1,692)  (999)  Results:  Revenue  2,338  2,518  11,060  11,706  4,786  3,551  626  1,187  (Loss)/Profit before  income tax  (374)  (363)  439  473  (543)  508  (693)  (522)  (Loss)/Profit for the  financial year  (374)  (363)  439  458  (538)  497  (693)  (518)  Net cash flow generated  from/(used in) operations  (425)  321  1,228  1,091  (764)  322  (145)  (483)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Financial year ended 31 December 2022

## (a) Acquisition of 16% issued and paid-up share capital of NGPC and NAPL

On 9 May 2022, AGF, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, acquired additional 16% of the issued  and  paid-up  share  capital  of  NGPC  and  NAPL  for  a  total  cash  consideration  of  S$640,000 ('Consideration') from Mr. Tham Mun Kong and Mr. Cheng Wee Hong (Zhong WeiHong). Following the completion of Acquisition, NGPC and NAPL are 92%-owned by the Company through AGF.

The  effect  of  the  change  in  the  Group's  ownership  interest  in  NGPC  and  NAPL  on  the  equity attributable  to  owners  of  the  Company  has  been  recognised  in  'Capital  reserve'  within  equity  as summarised below:

| S$'000  Consideration paid for acquisition of non-controlling interests  640  Decrease in equity attributable to non-controlling interests  (354)  Increase in equity attributable to owners of the Company  286   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 13. Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

## Financial year ended 31 December 2022 (Continued)

## (b) Acquisition of SREM and SREP

On 15 February 2022, SRE, an 82% indirectly owned subsidiary of the Company held through Advancer Global  Facility  Pte.  Ltd.  ('AGF'),  acquired  100%  of  the  total  issued  and  paid-up  share  capital  of SREM and SREP from third parties (who is independent and unrelated to the Company, its directors and  controlling  shareholders  or  their  respective  associates)  at  the  total  consideration  amounting to  S$1,030,000.  The  fair  value  of  the  identifiable  assets  and  liabilities  of  SREM  and  SREP  as  at  the acquisition date were:

| SREM  SREP  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Property, plant and equipment (Note 16)  3  -  3  Intangible assets (Note 12)  58  -  58  Trade and other receivables  24  1  25  Cash and cash equivalents  38  38  76  Trade and other payables  (53)  (4)  (57)  Income tax payable  (10)  -  (10)  Deferred tax liabilities  (10)  -  (10)  Total identifiable net assets at fair value  50  35  85  Goodwill arising from acquisition  945  Total consideration  1,030  Effect of the acquisition of SREM and SREP on cashflows  Total consideration for 100% of equity interest acquired  (1,030)  Add: Cash and cash equivalents of subsidiaries acquired  76  Net cash outflow on acquisition  (954)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Transaction costs

No transaction costs related to the acquisition was recognised in the Group's profit or loss for the financial year ended 31 December 2022.

## Goodwill arising from acquisition

Goodwill of S$945,000 arising from the acquisition was attributable to the expected synergies from combining the operations of new subsidiaries with SRE and increasing the Group's pool of corporate customers  provision  to  the  Building  Management  Services  Business.  None  of  the  goodwill  was expected to be deductible for tax purposes.

## Consideration

The total consideration of S$1,030,000 for 100% of equity interest acquired was paid on 15 February 2022. The acquisition completed on 15 February 2022.

## Impact of the acquisition on profit or loss

From the date of acquisition, SREM had contributed S$1,210,290 and S$169,749 to the revenue and the profit after tax of the Group respectively during the financial year ended 31 December 2022. SREP had contributed S$216,359 and S$184,467 to the revenue and the profit after tax of the Group respectively during the financial year ended 31 December 2022.

<!-- image -->

## 13. Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

Financial year ended 31 December 2022 (Continued)

## (c) Increase in issued and paid-up capital of KH

On 4 February 2022, KH, an indirect  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  the  Company  held  through  AGS, increased its issued and paid-up share capital by way of allotment and issuance of 750,000 ('New Shares') at S$1.00 per share to AGS. The increase was satisfied by way of capitalisation of existing intercompany advances. Following the allotment and issuance of the New Shares, KH's issued and paidup share capital is S$1,000,000 comprising 1,000,000 ordinary shares and the percentage shareholding interest of the Company in KH remains the same as 100%.

## Financial year ended 31 December 2021

## (d) Additional investment in a subsidiary - NGPC

On 30 March 2021, AGF's 76%-owned subsidiary, NGPC, had increased its issued and paid-up capital from  S$100,000  comprising  100,000  ordinary  shares  to  S$500,000  comprising  500,000  ordinary shares. The increase in share capital was satisfied by way of capitalisation of dividends payable to the shareholders of NGPC, which included an amount of S$304,000 payable to AGF.

## (e) Acquisition of PPMC

On 2 February 2021, NGPC completed the acquisition of 100% equity interest in PPMC, a company incorporated in Singapore. This acquisition aimed to achieve synergies between PPMC and Group's current  property  valuation,  property  management  and  property  agency  services.  It  would  provide larger skilled workforce and expertise for the Group to tap on and thereby enable it to expand its market share and presence in Singapore. The fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of PPMC as the acquisition date were:

| Note  Fair value  recognised  on  acquisition  S$'000  Property, plant and equipment  61  Right-of-use assets  119  Non-contractual customer relationships  50  Trade and other receivables  361  Cash and cash equivalents  44  Trade and other payables  (280)  Lease liabilities  (116)  Income tax payable  (19)  Deferred tax liabilities  (10)  Total identifiable net assets at fair value  210  Goodwill arising from acquisition  11  604  Total consideration  814  Effect of the acquisition of PPMC on cash flows  Total consideration for 100% of equity interest acquired  (814)  Add: Cash and cash equivalents of a subsidiary acquired  44  Net cash outflow on acquisition  (770)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Transaction costs

No transaction costs related to the acquisition was recognised in the Group's profit or loss for the financial year ended 31 December 2021.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 13. Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

## Financial year ended 31 December 2021 (Continued)

## (e) Acquisition of PPMC (Continued)

## Goodwill arising from acquisition

Goodwill of S$604,000 arising from the acquisition was attributable to the expected synergies from combining the operations of PPMC with NGPC and increasing in Group's pool of corporate customers in  relation  to  the  Building  Management Services Business. None of the goodwill was expected to be deductible for tax purposes.

## Consideration

The initial consideration for 100% of equity interest acquired of S$814,400 was paid on 2 February 2021. A further consideration of up to S$203,600 is payable by 31 January 2022, with deduction amount to be determined based on (i) aggregate monthly managing agency fees of all property management service contracts and (ii) aggregate monthly managing agency fee for all new property management service contracts that were tendered before 2 February 2021 and entered into by PPMC within 12 months from the 2 February 2021 ('Further Consideration'). As at 31 January 2022, as the conditions for the payment of the Further Consideration was not met, no additional payment was required.

## Impact of the acquisition on profit or loss

From the date of acquisition,  PPMC  had  contributed  revenue  of  S$279,000  and  profit  after  tax  of S$97,000 to the revenue and the loss after tax of the Group respectively during the financial year ended 31 December 2021. All on-going contracts of PPMC have been novated to NGPC during the year.

## (f) Partial divestment of AST

On 8 January 2021, AGF divested 15% equity interest in AST, representing 16,500 ordinary shares for a total cash consideration of S$30,000 to the directors of AST, who are independent and unrelated third parties to the Company, its Directors and controlling shareholders or their respective associates. As a result of this disposal, AST became an 85%-owned subsidiary of the Group.

## (g) Acquisition of non-controlling interests in Country Cousins

On 2 August 2021, AGF acquired an additional 24% equity interest in Country Cousins comprising 12,000 ordinary shares from its no n-controlling interests for a cash consideration of S$60,000. As a result of this additional acquisition, Country Cousins became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group.

The  effect  of  the  change  in  the  Group's  ownership  interest  in  Country  Cousins  on  the  equity attributable  to  owners  of  the  Company  has  been  recognised  in  'Capital  reserve'  within  equity  as summarised below:

| S$'000  Consideration paid for acquisition of non-controlling interests  60  Decrease in equity attributable to non-controlling interests  (15)  Increase in equity attributable to owners of the Company  45   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (h) Acquisition of HBA

On 12 May 2021, SRE, a 82% indirectly owned subsidiary of the Company completed the acquisition of  100%  equity  interest  in  HBA,  a  company  incorporated  in  Singapore,  to  expand  Group's  current property valuation, property management and property agency businesses within the Group's facilities management division and to further strengthen the services offerings by providing a holistic suite of facilities management solutions and services to wide base of customers.

## 13. Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

## Financial year ended 31 December 2021 (Continued)

## (h) Acquisition of HBA (Continued)

The fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of HBA as at the acquisition date were:

| Fair value  recognised  on  acquisition  S$'000  Property, plant and equipment  5  Right-of-use assets  12  Trade and other receivables  239  Cash and cash equivalents  670  Trade and other payables  (69)  Lease liabilities  (12)  Total identifiable net assets at fair value  845  Bargain purchase arising from acquisition  (245)  Total consideration  600  Effect of the acquisition of HBA on cash flows  Total consideration for 100% of equity interest acquired  (600)  Less: Cash and cash equivalents of a subsidiary acquired  670  Net cash inflow on acquisition  70   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Transaction costs

No transaction costs related to the acquisition was recognised in the Group's profit or loss for the financial year ended 31 December 2021.

## Gain on bargain purchase arising from Acquisition

Gain on bargain purchase of S$245,000 arising from the acquisition was mainly due to the previous business owners of HBA were seeking for a successor to their legacy and had identified the Group to be ideal.

## Consideration

The total consideration of S$600,000 for 100% equity interest acquired was paid on 7 May 2021 and 12 May 2021 amounted to S$400,000 and S$200,000 respectively. The acquisition completed on 12 May 2021.

## Impact of the Acquisition on profit or loss

From the date of acquisition, HBA had contributed revenue of S$726,000 and loss after tax of S$23,000 to  the  revenue and the loss after tax of the Group respectively during the financial year ended 31 December 2021. Most of on-going contracts of HBA have been novated to SRE during the financial year ended 2021.

## (i) Additional investment in a subsidiary - AGSI

On  30  December  2021,  AGS's  70%  owned  subsidiary,  AGSI  had  increased  its  share  capital  from S$600,000  comprising  600,000  ordinary  shares  to  S$1,200,000  comprising  1,200,000  ordinary shares. The increase in share capital was satisfied by way of capitalisation of advances owing to the shareholders of AGSI, which included an amount of S$420,000 owing to AGS.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 14. Investments in associates

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Investments in associates, at cost  696  516  Additions  -  180  Share of associates' results  (285)  (300)  Carrying amount  411  396   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The details of the associates are as follows:

| Name of associates  Country of  incorporation  and principal  place of  business  Principal activities  Effective equity  interest held  by the Group  2022  2021  %  %  Held through Advancer Nation  Pte. Ltd.  Fullcast International Co., Ltd.  ('Fullcast')  Japan  Human resources services  49.0  49.0  Held through Advancer Global  Facility Pte. Ltd.  G3 Environmental Private  Limited ('G3')  (1)  Singapore  Commercial and industrial  real  estate  management/  Recycling  of  metal  waste and scrap  20.1  20.1  Held through G3  TEE Environmental Pte. Ltd.  (1)  Singapore  Commercial and industrial  real  estate  management  /  Recycling  of  metal  waste and scrap  20.1  20.1  TEE Recycling Pte. Ltd.  (1)  Singapore  Recycling  of  metal  waste  and  scrap  /  Collection of waste  20.1  20.1  Envotek Engineering Pte. Ltd.  (1)  Singapore  Installation of industrial machinery and  equipment,  mechanical  engineering  works / General contractors  20.1  20.1  Held through Advancer Global  Security Pte. Ltd.  Eazable Pte. Ltd. ('Eazable')  Singapore  Development software and applications  (except games and cybersecurity)  45.0  45.0   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) The associate was audited by Foo Kon Tan LLP for the financial year ended 30 September 2021 and 2022.

<!-- image -->

## 14. Investments in associates (Continued)

The activities of the associates are strategic to the Group's activities.

## G3

The financial statements of G3 are made up to 30 September each year.

## Eazable

On 15 January 2021, AGS acquired 45% of the total issued and paid-up share capital of Eazable, representing 135,000  ordinary  shares  for  a  total  cash  consideration  of  S$180,000.  Following  the  completion  of  the acquisition of 45% of the equity interest in Eazable by the Group, Eazable was recognised as an associate of the Group.

## Summarised financial information for the associates

The summarised financial information based on its unaudited SFRS(I) financial statements as follows:

| G3  Fullcast  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Assets and liabilities:  Non-current assets  3,671  4,164  9  11  Current assets  15,580  13,322  120  326  Total assets  19,251  17,486  129  337  Non-current liabilities  415  812  -  -  Current liabilities  18,104  17,743  31  20  Total liabilities  18,519  18,555  31  20  Net assets/(liabilities)  732  (1,069)  98  317  Group's share of associates' net  assets/(liabilities)  147  (215)  48  155  Other adjustments  33  215  50  32  Carrying amount of the investment as at  31 December  180  -  98  187   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Eazable  Group  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Assets and liabilities:  Non-current assets  231  231  Current assets  253  238  Total assets  484  469  Current liabilities  191  8  Total liabilities  191  8  Net assets  293  461  Group's share of associates' net assets  132  207  327  147  Other adjustments  1  2  84  249  Carrying amount of the investment as at  31 December  133  209  411  396   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 14. Investments in associates (Continued)

The summarised financial information based on its unaudited SFRS(I) financial statements as follows:

| G3  Fullcast  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Results:  Revenue  28,058  30,363  69  24  Profit/(loss) for the financial year, representing  total comprehensive income/(loss) for the  financial year  1,800  1,758  (181)  (266)  Group's share of associates' profit/(loss)  for the financial year  361  -  (89)  (208)  Other adjustment  (1)  (183)  -  -  -  Group's share of associates' profit/(loss)  for the financial year, net  178  -  (89)  (208)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Eazable  Group  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  (2)  S$'000  S$'000  Results:  Revenue  86  64  28,213  30,451  Profit for the financial year, representing total  comprehensive income for the financial year  (166)  63  1,453  1,555  Group's share of associates' profit/(loss)  for the financial year  (74)  28  198  (180)  Other adjustments  (1)  -  -  (183)  -  Group's share of associates' profit/(loss)  for the financial year, net  (74)  28  15  (180)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Other adjustment pertains to the share of unrecognised losses brought forward from the financial year ended 31 December 2021.

(2) The  previous  year  figure  pertains  to  the  financial  figures  for  the  financial  period  from  16  January  2021  to  31 December 2021.

The Group has not recognised losses relating to certain associates where its share of losses exceeds the Group's carrying amount of its investment in those associates. The Group's cumulative share of unrecognised losses were S$Nil (2021: S$183,000). The Group has no obligation in respect of these losses.

## 15. Other investments

| Note  Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Non-current investments  Financial assets held at FVTPL  Unquoted equity instruments - at FVTPL  -  125  -  -  Current investments  Financial assets held at FVTPL  Quoted equity instruments - at FVTPL  2,905  2,506  2,905  2,506  Total financial assets held at FVTPL  2,905  2,631  2,905  2,506   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 15. Other investments (Continued)

| Note  Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Movement for unquoted equity  instruments  At beginning of the year  125  624  -  -  Disposal  15(a)  -  (13)  -  -  Fair value loss recognised in profit  or loss  15(b)  (125)  (486)  -  -  -  125  -  -  Movement for quoted equity  instruments  At beginning of the year  2,506  1,007  2,506  1,007  Additions  429  2,342  429  2,342  Disposal  -  (480)  -  (480)  Fair value loss recognised in profit  or loss  (30)  (363)  (30)  (363)  15(c)  2,905  2,506  2,905  2,506   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Unquoted equity instruments

The investments in unquoted equity instruments classified at FVTPL relates to the following:

- (a) On 1 February 2021, NGPC, a 76% indirectly  owned  subsidiary  of  the  Company  disposed  off  10% equity interest in Beijing Singapore Technology &amp; Facility Management Co., Ltd ('BSTFM'), a company incorporated in People's Republic of China for a total cash consideration of RMB60,000 or S$12,225 which was received by NGPC on 8 April 2021.
- (b) Investment in Zhe Jiang Zhi Wu Hui Yun Technology Co. Ltd. ('ZWHY'), a company incorporated in People's Republic of China, held through AST, with shareholding at 15%.

As  at  31  December  2022  and  31  December  2021,  the  fair  value  of  the  equity  instrument  was determined based on net assets of the investee. The carrying amounts of most assets and liabilities of the investee approximate their respective fair value due to relative short-term maturity of these assets and liabilities. The Group has recognised fair value loss on Investment in ZWHY amounting to S$125,000 (2021: S$486,000) during the financial year.

It is denominated in Chinese Renminbi.

## Quoted equity instruments

- (c) The quoted equity instruments classified at FVTPL have no fixed maturity date or coupon rate. The fair values of these instruments are based on closing quoted market prices on the last market day of the financial year.

The currency profiles of the Group's and Company's investments in quoted equity instruments as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 are as follows:

| Group and Company  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Singapore dollar  2,353  1,965  United States dollar  552  541  2,905  2,506   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 16. Property, plant and equipment

| Group  Leasehold  building  Equipment  Motor  vehicles  Computers  and office  equipment  Renovation,  furniture  and fittings  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Cost  At 1 January 2021  883  517  164  1,245  554  3,363  Additions  -  73  -  174  174  421  Disposals  -  (14)  (23)  (248)  -  (285)  Write-back/(Write-offs)  -  17  -  (136)  (58)  (177)  Acquired on acquisition of  subsidiaries (Note 13 (e)(h))  -  -  -  16  50  66  At 31 December 2021  883  593  141  1,051  720  3,388  Additions  -  37  96  119  255  507  Disposals  -  (13)  (62)  (14)  (128)  (217)  Write-offs  -  -  (5)  (82)  (12)  (99)  Reclassification  -  -  -  20  (20)  -  Acquired on acquisition of  subsidiaries (Note 13 (b))  -  -  -  3  -  3  At 31 December 2022  883  617  170  1,097  815  3,582  Accumulated depreciation  At 1 January 2021  49  227  123  600  68  1,067  Depreciation  19  131  17  230  190  587  Disposals  -  (2)  (22)  (137)  -  (161)  Write-back/(Write-offs)  -  17  -  (108)  (21)  (112)  At 31 December 2021  68  373  118  585  237  1,381  Depreciation  19  131  26  207  194  577  Disposals  -  (12)  (61)  (8)  (51)  (132)  Write-offs  -  -  (5)  (81)  (12)  (98)  At 31 December 2022  87  492  78  703  368  1,728  Carrying amount  At 31 December 2022  796  125  92  394  447  1,854  At 31 December 2021  815  220  23  466  483  2,007   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group's leasehold building is recorded at cost as stated under Note 2.12 to the financial statements and no valuation was conducted.

The  Group's  leasehold  building  with  carrying  amount  of  S$796,000  (2021:  S$815,000)  was  mortgaged  to secure the Group's bank borrowing (Note 25).

Details of the leasehold building held by the Group as at 31 December are set out below:

| 2022  2021  Description and location  Tenure  Unexpired  lease term  Tenure  Unexpired  lease term  18 Boon Lay Way #0  3-138 Tradehub 21,  Singapore 609966 (the 'Tradehub21 Property')  46 years  4  months  40 years  11  months  46 years  4  months  41 years  11  months   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17. The Group as a lessee

The Group leases certain office premises, office equipment, motor vehicles and other operating facilities for one to five years.

## Extension options

The Group has several lease contracts with extension options exercisable by the Group up to 6 months before the end of the non-cancellable contract period. These extension options are exercisable by the Group and not by the lessors. The extension options are used by the Group to provide operation flexibility in terms of managing the assets used in the Group's operation.

## Recognition exemptions

The Group has certain office premises, office equipment, motor vehicles and other operating facilities with lease terms of 12 months or less and/or of low value. For such leases, the Group has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities.

## Right-of-use assets

The carrying amount of right-of-use assets is as follows:

| Office  premises  Office  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Other  operating  facilities  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  At 1 January 2021  977  206  843  312  2,338  Additions  596  15  134  518  1,263  Written off of early lease  termination  (150)  (4)  (36)  (2)  (192)  Acquisition of subsidiaries  (Note 13(e)(h))  131  -  -  -  131  Depreciation  (748)  (94)  (501)  (337)  (1,680)  At 31 December 2021  806  123  440  491  1,860  Additions  1,456  12  640  372  2,480  Written off of early lease  termination  (62)  (11)  -  (91)  (164)  Reclassification  -  31  (31)  -  -  Depreciation  (736)  (89)  (415)  (378)  (1,618)  At 31 December 2022  1,464  66  634  394  2,558   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The total cash outflow for repayment of lease liabilities' principal and interest during the financial year ended 31 December 2022 is S$1,813,000 and S$8,000 (31 December 2021: S$1,853,000 and S$17,000) respectively.

## Lease liabilities

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Lease liabilities - non-current  1,167  698  Lease liabilities - current  1,463  1,342  At end of financial year  2,630  2,040   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in Note 30.

Lease liabilities are denominated in Singapore dollar.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 17. The Group as a lessee (Continued)

## Amounts recognised in profit or loss

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Interest expense on lease liabilities  89  104  Expense relating to short-term leases  286  504  Expense relating to leases of low-value assets  24  3   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 18. Deferred tax

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Deferred tax assets  -  28  Deferred tax liabilities  (83)  (85)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Deferred tax assets and liabilities principally arose as a result of difference between carrying amount and tax written down value of property, plant and equipment.

The movements in deferred tax position for the financial year are as follows:

## Deferred tax assets

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  At beginning of financial year  28  28  Over-provision in prior financial years  (28)  -  At end of financial year  -  28   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Deferred tax liabilities

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  At beginning of financial year  (85)  (123)  Credit to profit or loss  7  *  Over-provision in prior financial years  5  48  Acquisition of a subsidiary (Note 13(b)(e))  (10)  (10)  At end of financial year  (83)  (85)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Denotes amount less than S$1,000

<!-- image -->

## 18. Deferred tax (Continued)

Deferred tax liabilities (Continued)

- (a) Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that realisation of the related tax benefits through future taxable profits is probable.
- (b) The following estimated deferred tax assets have not been recognised in the statements of financial position in respect of the tax losses due to uncertainty in the availability of future taxable profit against which the Group can utilise the tax benefits are as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Tax losses  5,548  4,629  Unrecognised deferred tax benefits at statutory rate  943  787   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 19. Inventories

Inventories  of  the  Group  comprise  mainly  chemical  products,  electronic  products  for  sales  and  other materials that used for the daily operation purpose. Cost of inventories recognised as expense and included in cost of sales as disclosed in Note 7 to the financial statements.

## 20. Trade and other receivables

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Trade receivables  - Third parties  9,619  9,276  -  -  - Related party  1  27  -  -  - Accrued receivables  70  757  -  -  Less: loss allowance (Note 30)  (231)  (273)  -  -  Total trade receivables  9,459  9,787  -  -  Other receivables  - Third parties  288  65  90  21  - Subsidiaries  -  -  8,074  6,451  - Related parties  6  13  -  -  - Loan receivable from an associate  2,492  2,492  -  -  - Advances to recruiters and suppliers  376  428  -  -  - Deferred costs  125  119  -  -  - Deposits  822  443  -  -  - Dividend receivable from subsidiaries  -  -  4,330  4,530  - Prepayments  329  375  10  6  - Receivable from government credit schemes  261  797  -  -  - Staff loans  302  160  -  -  Less: loss allowance (Note 30)  -  -  (515)  -  Total other receivables  5,001  4,892  11,989  11,008  Total trade and other receivables  14,460  14,679  11,989  11,008   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 20. Trade and other receivables (Continued)

Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and the Group generally does not extend credit period to the customers except for provision of building management services and security services which have credit period extended at 7 to 90 (2021: 7 to 90) days credit terms. They are recognised at the transaction price which represent their fair values on initial recognition.

Accrued receivables of S$70,000 (2021: S$757,000) relate to completion of installation services contracts and security services rendered but has not been invoiced to the customers as at the end of the financial year. The decrease in accrued receivables for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 was mainly due to less works being done but yet billed as of year-end.

Other receivables from subsidiaries and loan receivable from an associate are unsecured, interest- free and repayable on demand. There was no repayment of loan from an associate (2021: S$804,000) during the financial year.

Advances to recruiters represent advanced payments as at financial year end that would be offset against the costs of MDWs' arrivals in the next financial year.

Deferred costs relate to the recruitment expenses deferred till completion of the performance obligation to recruiters in the future financial period.

Staff loans are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

The carrying amount of trade receivables determined to be impaired is as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Past due for 0 to 30 days  -  -  Past due for 31 to 60 days  -  -  Past due for 61 to 90 days  -  -  Past due for 91 to 365 days  *  *  Past due more than 365 days  231  273  231  273   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Movements in the loss allowance for trade receivables are as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  At beginning of financial year  273  195  Charged to profit or loss  58  134  Written off during the financial year  (22)  (7)  Reversal of loss allowance  (78)  (49)  At end of financial year  231  273   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Denotes amount less than S$1,000

Trade and other receivables are denominated in Singapore dollar.

<!-- image -->

## 21. Cash and bank balances

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Cash at banks  6,500  9,153  312  857  Cash on hand  73  72  -  -  Fixed deposits  14,224  15,572  13,313  14,763  20,797  24,797  13,625  15,620   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates.

Fixed deposits of the Group and the Company bear interest rates ranging from 0.10% to 2.75% (2021: 0.38% to  0.50%) per annum and 0.10% to 2.75% (2021: 0.38% to 0.50%) per annum respectively. Fixed deposits of the Group and the Company are for tenure of 3 to 12 (2021: 3 to 9) months and 3 to 12 (2021: 3 to 9) months respectively. As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, there were no fixed deposits pledged to financial institutions for banker guarantees.

The currency profiles of the Group's and Company's cash and bank balances as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 are as follows:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Singapore Dollar  20,797  24,797  13,625  15,620   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22. Share capital

| Group and Company  2022  2021  No. of shares  No. of shares  '000  S$'000  '000  S$'000  Issued and fully paid, with no par value  At beginning and end of the financial year  252,364  40,607  252,364  40,607   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the Company.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 22. Share capital (Continued)

## Treasury shares

Other reserves comprise reserves as follows:

| Group and Company  2022  2021  No. of shares  No. of shares  '000  S$'000  '000  S$'000  At 1 January  1,178  241  1,099  232  Repurchased during the year  -  -  79  9  At 31 December  1,178  241  1,178  241   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the financial  year  ended  31  December 2022, the Company acquired Nil (2021: 79,000) of its own shares  through  purchases  on  Singapore  Exchange  Securities  Trading  Limited.  The  total  amount  paid  to acquire the shares was S$Nil (2021: S$8,992) and has been deducted from shareholders' equity.

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  number  of  treasury  shares  held  by  the  Company,  amounting  to  1,177,900 represented 0.47% (31 December 2021: 1,177,900 represented 0.47%) of the total number of issued ordinary shares (excluding treasury shares).

## 23. Other reserves

Other reserves comprise reserves as follows:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Capital reserve  (640)  (354)  -  -  Share options reserve  -  106  -  106  Merger reserve  (2,603)  (2,603)  -  -  (3,243)  (2,851)  -  106   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Capital reserve

The capital reserve represents the difference between the fair value of the consideration received and the carrying amount of the non-controlling interest of AST for the disposal of 15% equity interest in AST (Note 13(f)) as well as the acquisition of 16% equity interest in NGPC &amp; NAPL (Note 13(a)).

## Share options reserve

The share options reserve comprises the cumulative value of employee services received for the issue of share options. When the share options are exercised, the related balance previously recognised in the share options reserve is transferred to share capital. When the share options expire, the related balance previously recognised in the share options reserve is transferred to retained earnings. Further information about the share-based payments to employees is set out in Note 24 of the financial statements.

## Merger reserve

Merger reserve represents the difference between the nominal value of shares issued by the Company in exchange for the nominal value of shares and net asset value of the subsidiaries acquired which is accounted for under 'merger accounting'.

<!-- image -->

## 24. Share-based payment

The ESOS of the Company was approved and adopted by its members on 6 June 2016.

Information regarding the ESOS is set out below:

- (i) Group employees (including Directors of the Company) who have attained the age of 21 years and are not undischarged bankrupts and have not entered into a composition with their respective creditors, and who have been in the employment of the Group for a period of at least 12 months, or such shorter period as the Remuneration Committee may determine, are eligible to participate in the ESOS.
- (ii) The  maximum discount shall not exceed 20% of the market price on the date of the grant of the options.
- (iii) The options granted with the exercise price set at market price should only be exercised after the first anniversary from the grant date and before the tenth anniversary of the grant date.
- (iv) The option granted with exercise price set at a discount to market price should only be exercised after the second anniversary from the grant date and before the tenth anniversary of the grant date.
- (v) The option shall immediately lapse and become null and void when the participant cease to be in employment of the Group.
- (vi) All options are settled by delivery of shares.

On 20 April 2017, the Company granted 1,156,500 share options, at exercise price of S$0.40 for each share, to the eligible employees of the Group. The options shall be vested equally over three years, first year of vesting being two years from the grant date. The options shall be exercised (a) before the fifth anniversary of the grant date, failing which all unexercised options shall immediately lapse and become null and void, and (b) in whole and not in part, i.e. all at once, not multiple series of smaller lots.

Details of the share options outstanding during the financial year are as follows:

| Group and Company  2022  2021  Number of  share options  Weighted  average  exercise price  Number of  share options  Weighted  average  exercise price  ('000)  S$  ('000)  S$  Outstanding at the beginning of the financial year  859  0.40  908  0.40  Lapsed or expired during the financial year  (859)  0.40  (49)  0.40  Outstanding at the end of the financial year  -  -  859  0.40  Exercisable at the end of the financial year  -  -  859  0.40   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The fair value of services received in return for share options granted are measured by reference to the fair value of share options granted. The estimate of the fair value of the services received is measured based on a Binomial model. The expected life used in the model has been adjusted, based on management's best estimate, for the effects of non-transferability, exercise restrictions and behavioural considerations.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 24. Share-based payment (Continued)

## Fair value of share options and assumptions

| ## Date of grant of options  20 April 2017  Fair value at measurement date  S$0.128  Share price  S$0.345  Exercise price  S$0.40  Expected volatility  53.63%  Expected option life  5 years  Expected dividends yield  2.26%  Risk-free interest rate  1.62%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of comparable companies (calculated based on the weighted average expected life of the share options), adjusted for any expected changes to future volatility due to publicly available information.

There are no market conditions and non-market performance conditions associated with the share option grants. Service conditions are taken into account in the measurement of the fair value of the services to be received at the grant date.

## 25. Bank borrowing

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Property loan  - Current  32  32  - No  n-current  498  530  530  562  Repayable:  Within one year  32  32  Within two to five years  134  132  More than five years  364  398  530  562   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The property loan is secured by first legal mortgage over the Tradehub21 Property and guaranteed by the Company and its subsidiary, Advancer Global Security Pte. Ltd. Repayment commences on 30 September 2017 in instalments with final instalment on 31 August 2037. The property loan bears interest at 1.65% (2021: 1.65%) per annum from 7 August 2021 to 6 August 2023 and the bank's prevailing enterprise financing rate for the subsequent years.

The carrying amount of the Group's bank borrowing approximates its fair value due to the interest rate approximates the market rate prevailing at end of the financial year.

The bank borrowing is denominated in Singapore dollar.

## 26. Trade and other payables

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Trade payables  - Third parties  805  718  -  -  - Related parties  31  115  -  -  Total trade payables  836  833  -  -  Other payables  - Related parties  4  -  -  -  - Accrued operating expenses  4,620  4,024  90  85  - Deferred income  206  362  -  -  - Deposit received  22  21  -  -  - Dividend payables to non- controlling interests  130  210  -  -  - Credit notes to customers  216  368  -  -  - Provision for warranties  1  2  -  -  - GST payables  862  834  -  -  -  Withholding tax  2  -  2  -  Total other payables  6,063  5,821  92  85  Total trade and other payables  6,899  6,654  92  85   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Trade payables are non-interest bearing and the average credit period on purchases of supplies and services range from 31 to 60 (2021: 31 to 60) days according to the terms agreed with the suppliers.

Deferred income relates to government grant received and is recognised as income in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the period in which the related costs, for which the grant is intended to compensate.

Credit notes to customers relate to amount refundable to employers for return of MDWs placed and goodwill rebate to customers during the financial year.

The Group provides five-year warranties relating to pest control services rendered that failed to perform satisfactorily.  The  provision  for  warranties  represents  the  management's  best  estimates  of  total  cost  of corrective treatment with reference to historical trends within the warranty periods granted.

Movements in the provision for warranties are as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  At beginning of financial year  2  2  Reversal of provision  (1)  *  At end of financial year  1  2   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Denotes amount less than S$1,000

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 26. Trade and other payables (Continued)

The currency profiles of the Group's and Company's trade and other payables as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 are as follows:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Singapore dollar  6,899  6,654  92  85   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27. Contract liabilities from contracts with customers

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Contract liabilities  Advance consideration  829  1,146   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Advance  consideration  relates  to  advances  received  for  provision  of  Employment  Services,  Building Management Services and Security Services. Revenue for Employment services and Security services are recognised at the point in time whereas revenue for Building Management services is recognised over time or at a point in time although the customer pays for the services at the contract inception date. A contract liability  is  recognised  for  the  advances  received  from  the  customers  and  is  derecognised  as  and  when the performance obligation is satisfied. Contract liabilities for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 decreased due to reduction advances received from customers during the financial year.

The Group's revenue recognised in the financial years that was included in the contract liabilities balance at the beginning of the respective financial years is as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Amounts included in contract liabilities at the beginning of the financial year  - Service income from Employment Services  627  111  - Service income from Building Management Services  247  90  - Service income from Security Services  51  4  925  205   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 28. Contingent liabilities

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Company  has  given  corporate  guarantee  amounting  to  S$688,000  (2021: S$688,000) to a bank in respect of a banking facility granted to a subsidiary (Note 25).

The Company has evaluated the fair value of the corporate guarantee. Consequently, the Company is of the view that the fair value of the guarantee to the bank with regard to the subsidiary is not significant. The Company has not recognised any liability in respect of the guarantee given to the bank for banking facility granted to the subsidiary as the Company's directors have assessed that the likelihood of the subsidiary defaulting on repayment is remote.

As at the end of the financial year, the total amount of outstanding bank borrowing covered by corporate guarantee is S$530,000 (2021: S$562,000) (Note 25). Such guarantee is in the form of a financial guarantee as they require the Company to reimburse the bank if the subsidiary to which the guarantee was extended fail to make principal or interest repayments when due in accordance with the terms of the borrowing. There has been no default or non-repayment since the utilisation of the banking facility.

As at  the  end  of  the  financial  year,  the  Company  had  also  given  undertakings  to  certain  subsidiaries  for providing them with continued financial support. The financial support enable these subsidiaries to operate as going concern and to meet their obligations as and when they fall due for at least 12 months from the financial year end.

From time to time, in the normal course of business, the Group is involved in legal proceedings. The directors believe that the ultimate outcome of such pending litigation will not materially affect the results of operations or the financial position of the Group.

## 29. Significant related party transactions

A related party is defined as follows:

- (a) A  person  or  a  close  member  of  that  person's  family  is  related  to  the  Group  and  Company  if  that person:
- (i) Has control or joint control over the Company;
- (ii) Has significant influence over the Company; or
- (iii) Is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or Company or of a parent of the Company.
- (b) An entity is related to the Group and Company if any of the following conditions applies:
- (i) The entity and the Company are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others);
- (ii) One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member);
- (iii) Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party;
- (iv) One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;
- (v) The  entity  is  a  post-employment  benefit  plan  for  the  benefit  of  employees  of  either  the Company  or  an  entity  related  to  the  Company.  If  the  Company  is  itself  such  a  plan,  the sponsoring employers are also related to the Company;
- (vi) The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 29. Significant related party transactions (Continued)

- (b) An entity is related to the Group and Company if any of the following conditions applies: (Continued)
- (vii) A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); or
- (viii) The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the reporting entity or to the parent of the reporting entity.

The effect of the Group's and Company's transactions and arrangements with related parties is reflected in  these financial statements. The balances are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand unless otherwise stated.

During the financial year, in addition to those disclosed elsewhere in these financial statements, the Group and the Company entered into the following significant transactions with related parties:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Subsidiaries  Dividend income  -  -  -  600  Advances to subsidiaries  -  -  2,671  -  Related parties  Service income from related parties  10  12  -  -  Service income from associates  13  68  -  -  Purchases from related parties  1  -  -  -  Purchases from non-controlling interests  279  46  -  -  Purchases from an associate  87  127  -  -  Staff costs recharged by an associate  37  -  -  -  Loan repayment from an associate  -  804  -  -  Payment on behalf by related parties  135  380  -  -  Lease from related parties  77  77  -  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Key management personnel remuneration

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Salaries, bonuses and other employee benefits  3,971  3,885  Defined contribution plan  368  382  Employee share options  -  *  4,339  4,267  Directors' fees  Directors of the Company  148  145   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Denotes amount less than S$1,000

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 29. Significant related party transactions (Continued)

Key management personnel are those persons having the authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Group and the Company, directly or indirectly, including any director (whether executive or otherwise) of that company.

The  key  management  personnel  comprise  directors  and  senior  management  of  the  Company  and  its subsidiaries such as Head of Employment Services Business, Chief Financial Officer, and their compensation is disclosed as above.

The key management personnel also participate in the Group's ESOS. At the end of the financial year, Nil (2021: 206,000) share options granted to the key management personnel of the Group were outstanding.

## 30. Financial instruments and financial risks

The Group's activities expose it to credit risk, market risk (including foreign currency risk, equity price risk and interest rate risk) and liquidity risk. The Group's overall risk management strategy seeks to minimise adverse effects from the volatility of financial markets on the Group's financial performance.

The Board of Directors is responsible for setting the objectives and underlying principles of financial risk management for the Group. The management then establishes the detailed policies such as authority levels, oversight responsibilities, risk identification and measurement, and exposure limits, in accordance with the objectives  and  underlying  principles  approved  by  the  Board  of  Directors.  The  Audit  Committee  provides independent oversight to the effectiveness of the risk management process. It is, and has been throughout the  current  and  previous  financial  year,  the  Group's  policy  that  no  trading  in  derivatives  for  speculative purposes shall be undertaken.

There have been no changes to the Group's exposure to these financial risks or the manner in which it manages and measures the risk. Market risk exposures are measured using sensitivity analysis indicated below.

## Credit risk

Credit risk refers to the risk that the counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in a loss to the Group. The Group has adopted a policy of only dealing with creditworthy counterparties and obtaining sufficient collateral where appropriate, as a means of mitigating the risk of financial loss from defaults.

The  Group's  credit  risk  arises  mainly  from  bank  balances,  trade  and  other  receivables  and  other  debt instruments carried at amortised cost. Bank balances are mainly deposits with banks with high credit-ratings assigned by international credit rating agencies and the Group does not expect the impairment loss from bank balances to be material, if any.

To assess and manage its credit risk, the Group categorises the aforementioned financial assets according to their risk of default. The Group defines default to have taken place when internal or/and external information indicates that the financial asset is unlikely to be received, which could include a breach of debt covenant, default of interest due for more than 365 days. Due to the nature of the industry that the Group operates in, the Group has rebutted the presumption that default has taken place when the financial asset is more than 30 days past due as per SFRS(I) 9.

In their assessment, the management considers, amongst other factors, the latest relevant credit ratings from reputable external rating agencies where available and deemed appropriate, historical credit experiences, latest available financial information and latest applicable credit reputation of the debtor.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 30. Financial instruments and financial risks (Continued)

The Group's internal credit risk grading categories are as follows:

| Category  Description  Basis of recognising ECL  1  Low credit risk (1)  12-months ECL  2  Non-significant increase in credit risk since  initial  recognition and financial asset is less  than or equal to 365 days past due  12-months ECL  3  Significant increase in credit risk since initial  recognition (2)  or  financial  asset  is  more  than  365 days past due  Lifetime ECL  4  Evidence  indicates  that  financial  asset  is  credit-impaired (3)  Difference  between  financial  asset's  gross  carrying  amount  and  present  value  of  estimated  future  cash  flows  discounted  at  the financial asset's original effective interest  rate  5  Evidence indicates that the management has  no  reasonable  expectations  of  recovering  the write off amount  (4)  Written off   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 1. Low credit risk

The financial asset is determined to have low credit risk if the financial assets have a low risk of default, the counterparty has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term and adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the ability  of  the  counterparty to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations. Generally, this is the case when the Group assesses and determines that the debtor has been, is in and is highly likely to be, in the foreseeable future and during the (contractual) term of the financial asset, in a financial position that will allow the debtor to settle the financial asset as and when it falls due.

## Note 2. Significant increase in credit risk

In assessing whether the credit risk of the financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of default occurring on the financial asset as of reporting date with the risk of  default  occurring  on  the  financial  asset  as  of  date  of  initial  recognition,  and  considered  reasonable and supportable information, that is available without undue cost or effort, that is indicative of significant increases in  credit  risk  since  initial  recognition.  In  assessing  the  significance  of  the  change  in  the  risk  of default, the Group considers both past due (i.e. whether it is more than 365 days past due) and forward looking  quantitative  and  qualitative  information.  Forward  looking  information  includes  the  assessment of the latest performance and financial position of the debtor, adjusted for the Group's future outlook of the  industry  in  which  the  debtor  operates  based  on  independently  obtained  information  (e.g.  expert reports, analyst's reports etc) and the most recent news or market talks about the debtor, as applicable. In  its  assessment, the Group will generally, for example, assess whether the deterioration of the financial performance and/or financial position, adverse change in the economic environment (country and industry in which the debtor operates), deterioration of credit risk of the debtor, etc. is in line with its expectation as of the date of initial recognition of the financial asset. Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition when contract payments are more than 365 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 30. Financial instruments and financial risks (Continued)

## Note 3. Credit impaired

In determining whether financial assets are credit-impaired, the Group assesses whether one or more events that  have  a  detrimental  impact  on  the  estimated  future  cash  flows  of  the  financial  asset  have  occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit impaired includes the following observable data:

- l Significant financial difficulty of the debtor;
- l Breach of contract, such as a default or being more than 365 days past due;
- l It is becoming probable that the debtor will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or
- l The disappearance of an active market for the financial asset because of financial difficulties.

## Note 4. Write off

Generally, the Group writes off, partially or fully, the financial asset when it assesses that there is no realistic prospect of recovery of the amount as evidenced by, for example, the debtor's lack of assets or income sources that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subjected to the write-off.

The Group performs ongoing credit evaluation of its counterparties' financial condition and generally does not require collateral.

The Group and Company do not have any significant credit exposure to any single counterparty or any groups of counterparties having similar characteristics.

With reference to Note 28, the Company provides financial guarantee to a bank in respect of bank facility granted to a subsidiary. The date when the Group becomes a committed party to the guarantee is considered to  be  the  date  of  initial  recognition  for  the  purpose  of  assessing  the  financial  asset  for  impairment.  In determining whether there has been a significant risk of a default occurring on the drawn-down facilities, the Group considered the change in the risk that the specified debtor (i.e. the applicable subsidiaries) will default on the contract. The Company assessed that the credit risk relating to the financial guarantees is insignificant to the Company.

As  at  the  end  of  the  financial  year,  there  was  no  significant  concentration  of  credit  risk.  The  maximum exposure to credit risk is represented by the carrying amount of each financial asset in the statements of financial position.

## Trade receivables (Note 20)

The Group uses the practical expedient under SFRS(I) 9 in the form of allowance matrix to measure the ECL for trade receivables, where the loss allowance is equal to lifetime ECL.

The ECL for trade receivables are estimated using an allowance matrix by reference to the historical credit loss  experience  of  the  customers  for  the  last  3  years  prior  to  the  respective  reporting  dates  for  various customer groups that are assessed through the age analysis, adjusted for forward looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment which could affect the ability of the debtors to settle the financial assets. In considering the impact of the economic environment on the ECL rates, the Group assesses, for example, the gross domestic production growth rates of the country and the growth rates of the major industries which its customers operate in.

Trade receivables are written off when there is evidence to indicate that the customer is in severe financial difficulty  such  as  being  under  liquidation  or  bankruptcy  and  there  are  no  reasonable  expectations  for recovering the outstanding balances.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 30. Financial instruments and financial risks (Continued)

## Credit risk (Continued)

Trade receivables (Note 20) (Continued)

The loss allowance for trade receivables are determined as follows:

| Current  Past due  for 1 to  30 days  Past due  for 31 to  60 days  Past due  for 61 to  90 days  Past due  for 91 to  365 days  Past due  more than  365 days  Total  31 December 2022  Expected credit loss rates  -  -  -  -  ^  99%  Trade receivables (Gross) (S$'000)  4,247  2,080  1,357  586  1,186  234  9,690  Loss allowance (S$'000)  -  -  -  -  *  231  231  31 December 2021  Expected credit loss rates  -  -  -  -  ^  79%  Trade receivables (Gross) (S$'000)  4,688  2,395  960  610  1,061  346  10,060  Loss allowance (S$'000)  -  -  -  -  *  273  273   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Denotes amount less than S$1,000

^ Denotes percentage less than 1%

The age analysis of trade receivables neither past due nor impaired and past due but not impaired is as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Not past due  4,247  4,688  Past due for 1 to 30 days  2,080  2,395  Past due for 31 to 60 days  1,357  960  Past due for 61 to 90 days  586  610  Past due for 91 to 365 days  1,186  1,061  Past due for more than 365 days  3  73  9,459  9,787   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Other receivables from third parties, related parties, deposits and staff loans (Note 20)

As at 31 December 2022, the Group and the Company recorded other receivables from third parties, related parties, deposits and staff loans of S$1,418,000 and S$90,000 (2021: S$681,000 and S$21,000) respectively. The Group assessed the impairment loss allowance of these amounts on a 12-month ECL basis consequent to their assessment and conclusion that these receivables are of low credit risk. The Group assessed that the other receivables from third parties, related parties, deposits and staff loans are made to parties with good credit reputation and concluded that there has been no significant increase in the credit risk since the initial recognition of the financial asset. Using 12-month ECL, the Group determined that the ECL is insignificant.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 30. Financial instruments and financial risks (Continued)

## Credit risk (Continued)

Trade receivables (Note 20) (Continued)

## Other receivables on loan receivable from an associate (Note 20)

As at 31 December 2022, the Group recorded loan of S$2,492,000 (2021: S$2,492,000) to an associate, G3, which is non-interest bearing, unsecured and repayable on demand. In their assessment of the ECL relating to  the  loan  receivable,  it  has  been  assessed  that  there  is  a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  from  initial recognition.  Management  assessed  the  ECL  relating  to  the  loan  receivable  from  the  associate  based  on lifetime ECL. The Group considered the ability of the associate to settle the loan on a repayable on demand basis, with reference to the viability of the financial support provided by its immediate holding company and where the associate has obtained confirmations from its other shareholders not to demand for repayment of their respective proportionate shareholders' loans for a period of 12 months from 3 February 2023. The Group also considered the profit or loss forecast of G3 Group during the expected recovery period with reference  to  relevant  and  reliable  forward-looking  outlook  and  information.  The  Group  measured  and determined that the lifetime ECL for the loan receivable from its associate to be insignificant.

## Other receivables from subsidiaries and dividend receivables from subsidiaries (Note 20)

As at 31 December 2022, the Company recorded other receivables from subsidiaries and dividend receivables from subsidiaries of S$12,404,000 (31 December 2021: S$10,981,000) consequent to an extension of advances to the subsidiaries. The Company assessed the impairment loss allowance of these amounts on a 12-month ECL basis consequent to their assessment and conclusion that these receivables are of low credit risk. In its assessment of the credit risk of the subsidiaries, the Company considered amongst other factors, the financial position of the subsidiaries as of 31 December 2022, the past financial performance and cash  flow trends, adjusted for the outlook of the industry and economy in which the subsidiaries operate in. Using 12-month ECL, the Company determined that the ECL is approximately S$515,000.

The movement in the loss allowance during the financial year and the Group's exposure to credit risk in respect of the trade receivables is as follows:

| Group  Trade receivables  Internal credit risk grading  Note (i)  Category 4  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Loss allowance  Balance at 1 January 2021  185  10  195  Impairment loss recognised  85  -  85  Written off  -  (7)  (7)  Balance at 31 December 2021  270  3  273  Reclassification between categories  (22)  22  -  Financial asset repaid  (78)  -  (78)  Impairment loss recognised  58  -  58  Written off  -  (22)  (22)  Balance at 31 December 2022  228  3  231  Gross carrying amount  At 31 December 2021  10,057  3  10,060  At 31 December 2022  9,687  3  9,690  Net carrying amount  At 31 December 2021  9,787  -  9,787  At 31 December 2022  9,459  -  9,459   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note (i) For trade receivables, the Group uses the practical expedient under SFRS(I) 9 in the form of an allowance matrix to measure the ECL, where the loss allowance is equal to lifetime ECL.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 30. Financial instruments and financial risks (Continued)

## Credit risk (Continued)

Trade receivables (Note 20) (Continued)

| Company  Other  receivables  Internal credit risk grading  Category 1  S$'000  Loss allowance  Balance at 1 January 2022  -  Impairment loss recognised  515  Balance at 31 December 2022  515  Gross carrying amount  At 31 December 2021  11,008  At 31 December 2022  12,494  Net carrying amount  At 31 December 2021  11,008  At 31 December 2022  11,979   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Market risk

Market  risk  is  the  risk  that  changes  in  market  prices,  such  as  interest  rates,  foreign  exchange  rates  and equity prices will affect the Group's income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. The Group's activities expose it primarily to the financial risks of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, equity price and interest rates. The objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimising the return on risk.

## Foreign currency risk

The Group is not exposed to significant foreign currency risk on its assets and liabilities that are denominated in currency other than the functional currency of the Group as at the reporting date.

The Group do not have any foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary liabilities as at 31 December 2021 and 2022.

## Equity price risk

The Group is exposed to equity risk arising from equity investments classified as at financial assets at FVTPL. These securities are quoted in Singapore dollar and United States dollar. To manage the price risk, the Group monitors share price on a daily basis.

If prices for equity securities listed in Singapore change by 5% (2021: 5%) with all variables including tax rate being held constant, the effects on equity will be:

| Group  Increase/(Decrease) in  Profit or loss  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Listed in Singapore  - increased by  120  104  - decreased by  (120)  (104)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 30. Financial instruments and financial risks (Continued)

## Market risk (Continued)

## Interest rate risk

Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash  flows of a financial instrument will  fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates.

The Group's interest rate risk relates to interest-bearing liabilities.

The Group's policy is to maintain an efficient and optimal interest cost structure using a combination of fixed and variable rate debts, and long and short-term borrowings.

The Group's interest rate risk arises primarily from the floating rate borrowings with financial institutions.

The Group's exposure to interest rate risk is disclosed in the Notes 17 and 25 to the financial statements, and the interest rates are as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  Bank loan  1.65%  1.65% to 2.30%  Lease liabilities  3.00% to 6.17%  4.94% to 6.18%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Interest rate sensitivity analysis

The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to interest rate risk for interestbearing financial liabilities at the end of the financial year. For floating rate liabilities, the analysis is prepared assuming the amount of liability outstanding at the end of the financial year was outstanding for the whole financial year. The sensitivity analysis assumes an instantaneous 3% (2021: 3%) change in the interest rates from the end of the financial year, with all variables held constant.

| ## Group  Increase/(Decrease) in  Profit or loss  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Bank loan  13  14   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 30. Financial instruments and financial risks (Continued)

## Interest rate benchmark reform and associated risks

In  view  of  the  reform  of  major  interest  rate  benchmarks  that  is  being  undertaken  globally,  the  Group monitors and manages its potential transition to alternative rates, as applicable. The Group evaluates the contracts that could be affected, and takes a proactive approach in approaching the relevant counterparties to discuss about and assess the potential impact on the Group.

The Group applied the practical expedient under the Phase 2 amendments to SFRS(I) 9 Financial Instruments, SFRS(I)  1-39  Financial  Instruments:  Recognition  and  Measurement  and  SFRS(I)  7  Financial  Instruments: Disclosures, which assist entities in applying the Standards when changes are made to contractual cash flows or hedging relationships because of the ongoing reform of inter-bank offered rates ('IBOR') and other interest rate benchmarks (the 'reform'), to not consider whether the changes required by the Reform to contractual cash  flows  of  financial  instrument  measured  at  amortised  cost  would  result  in  the  derecognition  of  the financial asset or financial liability. Instead, the Group changes the basis for determining the contractual cash flows prospectively by revising the effective interest rate used. The exception applies only to the extent that the change is required by interest rate benchmark reform when both these conditions are met:

- a) the change is necessary as a direct consequence of the reform; and
- b) the new basis for determining the contractual cash  flows as a result of the reform is economically equivalent to the previous basis.

As of 31 December 2022, in relation to the aforementioned, the Group is mainly exposed to non-derivative financial liabilities in the form of bank borrowings that are indexed to SIBOR. The Group is still in the process of communicating with the counterparties and specific changes have yet to be agreed.

The following table contains details of all the financial instruments that the Group and Company hold as at 31 December 2022 that have cash flows that will be affected by the interest rate benchmark reform as they have not yet transitioned to new benchmark rates.

| Financial instruments  prior to transition  Financial  instrument  maturity year  Carrying amount/  Notional amount  Fair value  Transition  progress to new  benchmark rates  $'000  $'000  Group  Non derivative financial instrument  Bank borrowings  2037  530  Not applicable  Not transited   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk refers to the risk in which the Group encounters difficulties in meeting its short-term obligations. Liquidity risks are managed by matching the payment and receipt cycle.

The Group's operations are financed mainly through equity, retained earnings and borrowings. Adequate lines of credits are maintained to ensure the necessary liquidity is available when required.

The repayment terms of the lease liabilities and bank loans are disclosed in Notes 17 and 25 to these financial statements respectively.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 30. Financial instruments and financial risks (Continued)

## Liquidity risk (Continued)

The  following  table  details  the  Group's  remaining  contractual  maturity  for  its  non-derivative  financial instruments.  The  table  has  been  drawn  up  based  on  contractual  undiscounted  cash  flows  of  financial instruments based on the earlier of the contractual date or when the Group is expected to receive or (pay). The table includes both interest and principal cash flows.

| Group  Effective  Interest rate  1 year or less  2 to 5 years  Over 5 years  Total  %  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Undiscounted financial assets  Trade and other receivables  -  14,460  -  -  14,460  Less:  Accrued receivables  -  (70)  -  -  (70)  Less:  Advances to recruiters and  suppliers  -  (376)  -  -  (376)  Less:  Deferred cost  -  (125)  -  -  (125)  Less:  Prepayments  -  (329)  -  -  (329)  Less:  Receivable from government  credit schemes  -  (261)  -  -  (261)  13,299  -  -  13,299  Cash and bank balances  0.10 - 2.75  20,797  -  -  20,797  As at 31 December 2022  34,096  -  -  34,096  Trade and other receivables  -  14,679  -  -  14,679  Less:  Accrued receivables  -  (757)  -  -  (757)  Less:  Advances to recruiters and  suppliers  -  (428)  -  -  (428)  Less:  Deferred cost  -  (119)  -  -  (119)  Less:  Prepayments  -  (375)  -  -  (375)  Less:  Receivable from government  credit schemes  -  (797)  -  -  (797)  12,203  -  -  12,203  Cash and bank balances  0.38 - 0.50  24,797  -  -  24,797  As at 31 December 2021  37,000  -  -  37,000   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Group  Effective  Interest rate  1 year or less  2 to 5 years  Over 5 years  Total  %  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Undiscounted financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  -  6,899  -  -  6,899  Less:  Deferred income  -  (206)  -  -  (206)  Less:  Provision for warranties  -  (1)  -  -  (1)  Less:  GST payables  -  (862)  -  -  (862)  Less:  Withholding tax  -  (2)  -  -  (2)  5,828  -  -  5,828  Lease liabilities  3.00 - 6.17  1,521  1,331  -  2,852  Bank borrowing  1.65  41  8  548  597  As at 31 December 2022  7,390  1,339  548  9,277   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 30. Financial instruments and financial risks (Continued)

## Liquidity risk (Continued)

Group

Undiscounted financial liabilities

Trade and other payables

Less:  Deferred income

Less:  Provision for warranties

Less:

GST payables

Lease liabilities

Bank borrowing

As at 31 December 2021

Total undiscounted net financial assets/(liabilities)

- at 31 December 2022

- at 31 December 2021

1 year or less

S$'000

6,654

(362)

(2)

(834)

5,456

1,396

41

6,893

26,706

30,107

2 to 5 years

S$'000

-

-

-

-

-

788

163

951

(1,339)

(951)

Over 5 years

S$'000

-

-

-

-

-

-

434

434

(548)

(434)

Total

S$'000

6,654

(362)

(2)

(834)

5,456

2,184

638

8,278

24,819

28,722

| Company  Effective  Interest rate  1 year  or less  %  S$'000  Undiscounted financial assets  Trade and other receivables  11,989  Less: Prepayments  (10)  11,979  Cash and cash equivalents  0.10-2.75  13,625  As at 31 December 2022  25,604  Trade and other receivables  11,008  Less: Prepayments  (6)  11,002  Cash and cash equivalents  0.38-0.50  15,620  As at 31 December 2021  26,622  Undiscounted financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  92  Less: Withholding tax  (2)  Maximum amount of corporate guarantee  530  As at 31 December 2022  620  Trade and other payables  -  85  Maximum amount of corporate guarantee  562  As at 31 December 2021  647  Total undiscounted net financial assets  - at 31 December 2022  24,984  - at 31 December 2021  25,975   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Effective

Interest rate

%

-

-

-

-

4.94 - 6.18

1.65 - 2.30

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 30. Financial instruments and financial risks (Continued)

## Liquidity risk (Continued)

## Financial instruments by category

The carrying amount of the different categories of financial instruments is as disclosed on the face of the statements of financial position and as follows:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Financial assets at fair value through  profit or loss  Unquoted equity instruments  -  125  -  -  Quoted equity instruments  2,905  2,506  2,905  2,506  Total  2,905  2,631  2,905  2,506  Financial assets at amortised cost  Trade and other receivables  14,460  14,679  11,989  11,008  Less: Accrued receivables  (70)  (757)  -  -  Less: Advances to recruiters and suppliers  (376)  (428)  -  -  Less: Deferred cost  (125)  (119)  -  -  Less: Prepayments  (329)  (375)  (10)  (6)  Less: Receivable from government credit schemes  (261)  (797)  -  -  13,299  12,203  11,979  11,002  Cash and cash equivalents  20,797  24,797  13,625  15,620  Total  34,096  37,000  25,604  26,622  Financial liabilities at amortised cost  Trade and other payables  6,899  6,654  92  85  Less: Deferred income  (206)  (362)  -  -  Less: Provision for warranties  (1)  (2)  -  -  Less: GST payables  (862)  (834)  -  -  Less: Withholding tax  (2)  -  (2)  -  5,828  5,456  90  85  Lease liabilities  2,630  2,040  -  -  Bank borrowing  530  562  -  -  Total  8,988  8,058  90  85   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 31. Fair value of assets and liabilities

The fair values of applicable assets and liabilities, are determined and categorised using a fair value hierarchy as follows:

- (a) Level 1 - the fair values of assets and liabilities with standard terms and conditions and which trade in active markets that the Group can access at the measurement date are determined with reference to quoted market prices (unadjusted).
- (b) Level  2  -  in  the  absence  of  quoted  market  prices,  the  fair  values  of  the  assets  and  liabilities  are determined using the other observable, either directly or indirectly, inputs such as quoted prices for similar  assets/liabilities  in  active  markets  or  included  within  Level  1,  quoted  prices  for  identical  or similar assets/liabilities in non-active markets.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 31. Fair value of assets and liabilities (Continued)

- (c) Level 3 - in the absence of quoted market prices included within Level 1 and observable inputs included within Level 2, the fair values of the remaining assets and liabilities are determined in accordance with generally accepted pricing models.

Fair value measurements that use inputs of different hierarchy levels are categorised in its entirety in the same level of the fair value hierarchy as the lowest level input that is significant to the entire measurement.

The table below analyses the Group's assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring or non-recurring basis in the statement of financial position after initial recognition.

| Note  Group  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  $'000  $'000  $'000  2022  Recurring fair value measurements  Financial assets:  Financial assets at FVTPL  - Quoted equity instruments  15  2,905  -  -  As at 31 December 2022  2,905  -  -  2021  Recurring fair value measurements  Financial assets:  Financial assets at FVTPL  - Unquoted equity instruments  15  -  -  125  - Quoted equity instruments  15  2,506  -  -  As at 31 December 2021  2,506  -  125   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Except as disclosed in the respective notes, the carrying amounts of the current financial assets and financial liabilities,  including  cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, trade payables, lease liabilities and bank borrowing and the above financial assets, approximate their respective fair values due to the relative shortterm maturity of these financial instruments or the interest rates approximate the market rates prevailing at end of the financial year.

## Level 3

## Unquoted equity instruments

For unquoted equity instruments, the valuation technique has been described in Note 15.

## 32. Capital management policies and objectives

The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern while maximising the return to stakeholders through optimisation of debt and equity balance except where decisions are made to exit businesses or close companies.

The capital structure of the Group consists of debts, which includes the borrowing disclosed in Note 25 and equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising issued capital, retained earnings and reserves as disclosed in Notes 22, 23 and statements of changes in equity.

The  Group's  management  reviews  the  capital  structure  on  a  regularly  basis.  As  part  of  this  review, management considers the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Upon review, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through the payment of dividends to shareholders, issue new shares and share buy-backs. The Group's overall strategy remains unchanged from 2021.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 32. Capital management policies and objectives (Continued)

Management monitors capital based on a gearing ratio of less than one. The gearing ratio is calculated as net debt divided by total capital. Net debt is calculated as total liabilities (excluding income tax payable and deferred tax liabilities as shown in the statements of financial position), less cash and cash equivalents. Total capital is calculated as total equity as shown in the statements of financial position, plus net debt.

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Total liabilities  10,888  10,402  92  85  Less: Cash and cash equivalents  (20,797)  (24,797)  (13,625)  (15,620)  Net debt  (9,909)  (14,395)  (13,533)  (15,535)  Total equity  36,144  41,553  39,914  40,530  Total capital  26,235  27,158  26,381  24,995  Gearing ratio  N.M.  N.M.  N.M.  N.M.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* N.M.: Not meaningful

The Group and the Company are not subjected to any externally imposed capital requirements during the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

## 33. Segment information

For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on their products and services, and has three reportable segments as follows:

- (a) Employment Services Business segment - the provision of one-stop shop services for the sourcing, employment and training of MDWs to households, as well as sourcing and employment of foreign workers to, amongst others, corporate and organisations.
- (b) Building  Management  Services  Business  segment  -  the  provision  of  integrated  building  facility management services including property consultancy, property and facilities management services, property valuation, investment sales, cleaning and stewarding, waste management, landscape, pest control and fumigation services to, amongst others, hospitals, hotels, schools, residential, commercial and industrial properties.
- (c) Security Services Business segment - the provision of manpower and technology for security solutions and services to, amongst others, commercial, industrial and residential properties, as well as remote surveillance and security consultancy services such as crisis management.

Except  as  indicated  above,  no  operating  segments  have  been  aggregated  to  form  the  above  reportable operating segments.

Management monitors the operating results  of  its  business  units  separately  for  the  purpose  of  making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment. Segment performance is evaluated based on operating profit or loss which in certain respects, as explained in the table below, is measured differently from operating profit or loss in the financial statements. Group financing (including finance expenses) and income taxes are managed on a group basis and are not allocated to operating segments.

Transfer prices between operating segments are on an arm's length basis in a manner similar to transactions with third parties.

The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as the Group's accounting policies described in Note 2.23.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 33. Segment information (Continued)

## Information about reportable segments

| Group  Employment  Services  Business  Building  Management  Services  Business  Security  Services  Business  Unallocated  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  2022  External sales  9,702  37,797  15,604  -  63,103  - Service income  9,702  37,727  15,297  -  62,726  - Installation services  -  6  15  -  21  - Sales of goods  -  64  292  -  356  Cost of sales  5,458  31,104  13,259  -  49,821  Dividend income  -  -  -  153  153  Interest income  -  16  11  170  197  Interest expense  8  72  18  -  98  Amortisation  21  164  -  -  185  Depreciation  281  1,564  350  -  2,195  Impairment loss on goodwill  -  -  -  2,525  2,525  (Reversal of loss allowance)/Loss  allowance for receivables (trade),  net  -  (62)  42  -  (20)  Reportable segment Profit/(loss)  before income tax  234  (4,503)  (292)  (107)  (4,668)  Share of (losses)/profit from  equity-accounted for associates  (89)  179  (75)  -  15  Reportable segment assets  2,659  19,379  8,447  16,630  47,115  Interest in associates  98  179  134  -  411  Reportable segment liabilities  2,564  6,103  2,212  92  10,971  Capital expenditures  217  260  30  -  507  2021  External sales  6,561  35,259  18,312  -  60,132  - Service income  6,561  34,730  18,157  -  59,448  - Sales of goods  -  529  155  -  684  Cost of sales  3,600  27,914  15,187  -  46,701  Interest income  -  10  2  71  83  Interest expense  10  82  24  -  116  Dividend income  -  -  -  53  53  Amortisation  21  260  -  -  281  Depreciation  305  1,595  367  -  2,267  Impairment loss on goodwill  -  -  -  1,619  1,619  Loss allowance for receivables  (trade),net  -  43  42  -  85  Reportable segment Profit/(loss)  before income tax  (206)  (3,857)  495  (558)  (4,126)  Share of (losses)/profit from  equity-accounted for associates  (208)  -  28  -  (180)  Reportable segment assets  2,117  20,911  10,877  18,154  52,059  Interest in associates  187  -  209  -  396  Reportable segment liabilities  1,826  5,859  3,036  (215)  10,506  Capital expenditures  141  177  171  -  489   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 33. Segment information (Continued)

## Geographical information

The Group operates in one principal geographical area being Singapore except for Employment Services business in Japan through Fullcast (Note 14).

The Group's revenue and non-current assets information based on the geographical location of customers and assets respectively are in Singapore, with no significant concentration of particular customers.

## 34. Dividends

| Group and Company  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Declared during the financial year:  Dividends on ordinary shares  Final tax-exempt dividend for 2021: S$Nil (2020: S$0.0079) per share  -  1,984  -  1,984  Dividends were settled as follows:  Final tax-exempt dividend in respect of the financial year ended:  31 December 2020  -  1,984  Total dividends settled during the financial year  -  1,984   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 35. Subsequent events after reporting date

(i) On 1 February 2023, Ashtree International Pte. Ltd., a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company held through AGS, changed its name to Advancer IFM Pte. Ltd..

(ii) On 6 April 2023, HBA Group Property Consultants Pte. Ltd., an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company held through Advancer Global Facility Pte. Ltd. has been struck off from the Register of Companies pursuant to Section 344A of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore.

(iii) On 6 April 2023, KH Security Agency Pte. Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company held through Advancer Global Security Pte. Ltd. has been struck off from the Register of Companies pursuant to Section 344A of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## STATISTICS OF SHAREHOLDINGS

As at 20 March 2023

Issued and fully-paid up capital (including Treasury Shares)

:

S$41,919,249

Issued and fully-paid up capital (excluding Treasury Shares)

:

S$41,678,075

Number of Shares issued (including Treasury Shares) :

252,363,591

Number of Shares issued (excluding Treasury Shares) :

251,185,691

Number and Percentage of Treasury Shares

:

1,177,900 or 0.47%

Number and Percentage of Subsidiary Holdings

:

0 or 0%

Class of Shares :

Ordinary Shares

Voting Rights

:

One vote per share

## DISTRIBUTION OF SHAREHOLDINGS AS AT 20 MARCH 2023

| SIZE OF SHAREHOLDERS  NO. OF  SHAREHOLDERS  %  NO. OF SHARES  %  1 - 99  11  2.38  432  0.00  100 - 1,000  27  5.84  14,737  0.01  1,001 - 10,000  172  37.23  1,051,010  0.42  10,001 - 1,000,000  237  51.30  21,857,653  8.70  1,000,001 AND ABOVE  15  3.25  228,261,859  90.87  TOTAL  462  100.00  251,185,691  100.00   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## TWENTY LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS

| NO.  SHAREHOLDER'S NAME  NUMBER OF  SHARES HELD  %  1  UOB KAY HIAN PRIVATE LIMITED  70,221,522  27.96  2  CHIN SWEE SIEW @ CHEN YIN SIEW  38,062,126  15.15  3  CHIN MUI HIONG  37,573,963  14.96  4  CHIN MEI YANG  30,931,018  12.31  5  ONG ENG TIANG  19,985,436  7.96  6  CGS-CIMB SECURITIES (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.  12,649,500  5.04  7  TEO SAU KEONG  6,623,376  2.64  8  KEK YEW LENG @ KEK BOON LEONG  2,621,064  1.04  9  PHILLIP SECURITIES PTE LTD  1,817,015  0.72  10  CHIN YIN YEE STANLEY  1,608,100  0.64  11  ANG BOON HOW  1,491,400  0.59  12  LIM CHER KHIANG  1,280,239  0.51  13  SING CHEE NGEE  1,166,200  0.46  14  HONG LEONG FINANCE NOMINEES PTE LTD  1,145,200  0.46  15  DBS NOMINEES (PRIVATE) LIMITED  1,085,700  0.43  16  THE KONGZI CULTURE FUND LTD  986,878  0.39  17  HUI HIU FAI  827,100  0.33  18  CHAN HOCK LYE  716,400  0.29  19  JAMES ALVIN LOW YIEW HOCK  691,106  0.28  20  CHUA TAI WEE (CAI DAWEI)  675,000  0.27  TOTAL  232,158,343  92.43   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## STATISTICS OF SHAREHOLDINGS

As at 20 March 2023

## SUBSTANTIAL  SHAREHOLDERS  AS  AT  20  MARCH  2023  AS  SHOWN  IN  THE  REGISTER  OF  SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS

| Direct Interests  Deemed Interests  Substantial Shareholder  No. of Shares  % (1)  No. of Shares  % (1)  FULLCAST HOLDINGS CO., LTD.  (2)  65,000,000  25.88  -  -  HIRANO ASSOCIATES CO., LTD.  (2)  -  -  65,000,000  25.88  TAKEHITO HIRANO  (2)  -  -  65,000,000  25.88  CHIN SWEE SIEW @ CHEN YIN SIEW  38,062,126  15.15  -  -  CHIN MUI HIONG  37,573,963  14.96  -  -  CHIN MEI YANG  30,931,018  12.31  -  -  ONG ENG TIANG  19,985,436  7.96  -  -  MOHAMED ABDUL JALEEL S/O  MUTHUMARICAR SHAIK MOHAMED  (3)  1,502,500  0.60  12,500,000  4.98   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

(1) The shareholdings percentage are calculated based on 251,185,691 issued shares of the Company, excluding treasury shares.

- (2) Takehito Hirano and his family hold 100% ordinary shareholdings in Hirano Associates Co., Ltd. (' Hirano Associates ')  (of which Takehito Hirano himself holds 18.04% ordinary shares). In addition, Takehito Hirano is a director and the Chairman of Fullcast Holdings Co., Ltd. (' Fullcast '). Hirano Associates holds 36.35% ordinary shares in Fullcast, which in turn holds 25.88% ordinary shares of the Company (excluding treasury shares). Hence, Takehito Hirano and Hirano Associates are deemed interested in the 65,000,000 shares held by Fullcast in the Company by virtue of Section 7 of the Companies Act.
- (3) Mr. Mohamed Abdul Jaleel S/O Muthumaricar Shaik Mohamed is deemed interested in the 12,500,000 shares held by MES Group Holdings Pte. Ltd. (' MES GH ')  in  the  share  capital  of  the  Company through his 100% interests held in MES GH. The shares of the Company held by MES GH are through CGS-CIMB Securities (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.. Mr. Mohamed Abdul Jaleel S/O Muthumaricar Shaik Mohamed also holds 1,502,500 shares through Phillip Securities Pte. Ltd..

## SHAREHOLDINGS HELD IN THE HANDS OF PUBLIC

Based on the information provided and to the best knowledge of the Directors, approximately 15.73% of the issued ordinary shares in the capital of the Company was held in the hands of the public as at 20 March 2023. Rule 723 of the Listing Manual (Section B: Rules of Catalist) of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited has therefore been complied with.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Annual General Meeting of Advancer Global Limited (the ' Company ')  will  be held at 135 Jurong Gateway Road, #05-317, Singapore 600135 on Friday, 28 April 2023 at 3:00 p.m. for the following business:-

## AS ORDINARY BUSINESS

1. To receive and adopt the Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 together  with  the  Directors'  Statement  and  the  Independent  Auditors' Report thereon. (Resolution 1)
2. To re-elect Mr. Chin Mui Hiong who is retiring pursuant to Regulation 117 of the Company's Constitution,  and  who,  being  eligible,  offers  himself  for  re-election,  as  Director  of  the Company. [See Explanatory Note (i)]

(Resolution 2)

- To re-elect Mr. Lim Teck Chai, Danny who is retiring pursuant to Regulation 117 of the Company's Constitution, and who, being eligible, offers himself for re-election, as Director (Resolution 3)
3. of the Company. [See Explanatory Note (ii)]
4. To note the retirement of Mr. Yau Thiam Hwa who is retiring pursuant to Regulation 117 of the Company's Constitution, as Director of the Company.

Mr. Yau Thiam Hwa will not seek for re-election and will retire as Director of the Company on 28 April 2023 at the close of the Annual General Meeting. Accordingly, Mr Yau Thiam Hwa will relinquish his position as Chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee.

- To approve the payment of Directors' fees of S$152,000 for the financial year ending 31 (Resolution 4)
5. December 2023, payable quarterly in arrears. (FY2022: S$148,000)
6. To re-appoint Mazars LLP as auditors of the Company and to authorise the Directors of the Company to fix their remuneration. (Resolution 5)
7. To transact any other ordinary business which may properly be transacted at an annual general meeting of the Company.

## AS SPECIAL BUSINESS

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolutions, with or without amendments, as Ordinary Resolutions:-

## 8. Authority to allot and issue shares and convertible securities

That,  pursuant  to  Section  161  of  the  Companies  Act  1967  of  Singapore  (the  ' Act '),  the Constitution  and  Rule  806  of  the  Catalist  Rules  of  the  Singapore  Exchange  Securities Trading  Limited  (' SGX-ST ')  (' Catalist  Rules '),  authority  be  and  is  hereby  given  to  the Directors of the Company to:

- (a) (i) allot  and issue shares in the capital of the Company (the ' Shares ')  whether by way of rights, bonus or otherwise; and/or
- (ii) make or grant offers,  agreements,  or  options  (collectively,  ' Instruments ') that  might or would require Shares to be issued, including but not limited to  the  creation  and  issue  of  warrants,  debentures  or  other  instruments convertible into Shares,

<!-- image -->

(Resolution 6)

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

at any time and upon such terms and conditions and for such purposes and to such persons as the Directors may in their absolute discretion deem fit; and

- (b) (notwithstanding the authority conferred by this Resolution may have ceased to be in force) issue:
- (i) additional  instruments  as  adjustments  in  accordance  with  the  terms  and conditions of the Instruments made or granted by the Directors while this Resolution was in force; and
- (ii) Shares in pursuance of any Instruments made or granted by the Directors while  this  Resolution  was  in  force  or  such  additional  instruments  in  (b)(i) above,

provided that:

- (1) the aggregate number of shares to be issued pursuant to this Resolution (including Shares  to  be  issued  in  pursuance  of  Instruments  made  or  granted  pursuant  to this Resolution) shall not exceed one hundred per cent (100%) of the total number of  issued  Shares  (excluding  treasury  shares  and  subsidiary  holdings,  if  any)  (as calculated in accordance with sub-paragraph (2) below) or such other limit as may be prescribed by the Catalist Rules as at the date of this Resolution is passed, of which the aggregate number of Shares to be issued other than on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders of the Company (including shares to be issued in pursuance of the Instruments, made or granted pursuant to this Resolution) shall not exceed fifty per cent (50%) of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) (as calculated in accordance with sub-paragraph (2) below) or any such other limit as may be prescribed by the Catalist Rules as at the date of this Resolution is passed;
- (2) (subject to such manner of calculation and adjustments as may be prescribed by the SGX-ST) for the purpose of determining the aggregate number of Shares that may be issued under sub-paragraph (1) above, the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings, if any) shall be calculated based on the total  number of  issued  Shares  (excluding  treasury  shares  and  subsidiary holdings, if any) at the time of passing of this Resolution, after adjusting for:
3. (a) new Shares arising from the conversion or exercise of convertible securities;
4. (b) new Shares arising from exercise of share options or vesting of share awards which are outstanding or subsisting at the time of passing of this Resolution, provided  the  share  options  or  share  awards  (as  the  case  may  be)  were granted in compliance with Part VIII of Chapter 8 of the Catalist Rules; and
5. (c) any subsequent bonus issue, consolidation or subdivision of Shares;
- (3) in  exercising the authority conferred by this Resolution, the Company shall comply with  the  provisions  of  the  Catalist  Rules  for  the  time  being  in  force  (unless  such compliance has been waived by the SGX-ST), all applicable legal requirements under the Act, and otherwise, the Constitution for the time being of the Company; and
- (4) (unless  revoked  or  varied  by  the  Company  in  general  meeting)  the  authority conferred by this Resolution shall continue to be in force until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company or the date by which the next annual general meeting of the Company is required by law to be held, whichever is the earlier.

[See Explanatory Note (iii)]

<!-- image -->

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

## 9. Authority to allot and issue Shares under Advancer Global Limited Scrip Dividend Scheme (Resolution 7)

That pursuant to Section 161 of the Companies Act, Catalist Rules and the Constitution of the Company, authority be and is hereby given to the Directors to allot and issue from time to time such number of ordinary Shares as may be required to be allotted and issued pursuant to Advancer Global Limited Scrip Dividend Scheme.

[See Explanatory Note (iv)]

## 10. Authority to allot and issue Shares under Advancer Global Employee Share Option Scheme (Resolution 8)

That pursuant to Section 161 of the Companies Act, authority be and is hereby given to the Directors to offer and grant options in accordance with the provisions of the Advancer Global Employee Share Option Scheme (' Advancer Global ESOS ')  and  to  allot  and  issue or deliver from time to time such number of fully paid-up Shares as may be required to be issued pursuant to the exercise of options granted under the Advancer Global ESOS, provided always that the aggregate number of Shares to be allotted and issued pursuant to the Advancer Global ESOS, when aggregated to the aggregate number of Shares issued and  issuable  or  transferred  and  to  be  transferred  in  respect  of  all  options  under  any other share option schemes shall not exceed 15% of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) of the Company from time to time. The authority conferred by this Resolution shall, unless revoked or varied by the Company in a general meeting, continue in force until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company, or the date by which the next annual general meeting of the Company is required by law to be held, whichever is earlier.

[See Explanatory Note (v)]

## 11. Authority  to  grant  awards  and  allot  and  issue  shares  under  Advancer  Global Performance Share Plan (Resolution 9)

That  authority  be  and  is  hereby  given  to  the  Directors  to  offer  and  grant  awards  in accordance with the provisions of the Advancer Global Performance Share Plan (' Advancer Global PSP ') and to allot and issue or deliver from time to time such number of fully paidup Shares as may be required to be issued pursuant to the vesting of awards under the Advancer Global PSP, provided that the aggregate number of Shares to be allotted and issued pursuant to the Advancer Global PSP when aggregated with the aggregate number of Shares over which awards are granted under any other share schemes shall not exceed 15%  of  the  total  number  of  issued  Shares  (excluding  treasury  shares  and  subsidiary holdings) of the Company from time to time. The authority conferred by this Resolution shall,  unless revoked or varied by the Company in a general meeting, continue in force until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company, or the date by which the next annual general meeting of the Company is required by law to be held, whichever is earlier.

[See Explanatory Note (vi)]

<!-- image -->

## 12. Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Mandate

That:

- (a) for  the  purposes  of  the  Catalist  Rules  and  the  Companies  Act,  the  exercise  by Directors of all the powers of the Company to purchase or otherwise acquire the issued ordinary Shares in the capital of the Company not exceeding in aggregate the Prescribed Limit (as defined herein), at such price(s) as may be determined by the Directors from time to time up to the Maximum Price (as defined herein), whether by way of:
- (i) on-market purchases, transacted on the SGX-ST through the SGX-ST's trading system or, as the case may be, any other securities exchange on which the Shares may, for the time being, be listed (' Market Purchase '); and/or
- (ii) off-market  purchases  (if  effected  otherwise  than  on  the  SGX-ST)  in accordance  with  an  equal  access  scheme(s)  which  shall  satisfy  all  the conditions  prescribed  by  the  Companies  Act,  as  may  be  determined or  formulated  by  the  Directors  as  they  may  consider  fit  (' Off-Market Purchase '),

and otherwise in accordance with all other laws, regulations and the Catalist Rules as may for the time being be applicable, be and is hereby authorised and approved generally and unconditionally (the ' Share Buy-back Mandate ');

- (b) the authority conferred on the Directors pursuant to the Share Buy-back Mandate may be exercised by the Directors at any time and from time to time during the period commencing from the passing of this Resolution and expiring on the earliest of:
- (i) the date on which the next annual general meeting of the Company is held or required by the law to be held;
- (ii) the  date  on  which  the  Share  Buy-backs  have  been  carried  out  to  the  full extent mandated under the Share Buy-back Mandate; or
- (iii) the date on which the authority contained in the Share Buy-back Mandate is varied or revoked by Shareholders in a general meeting;
- (c) in this Resolution:

' Prescribed  Limit '  means  10%  of  the  total  number  of  issued  Shares  of  the Company (excluding  treasury  shares  and  subsidiary  holdings)  as  at  the  date  of passing of this Resolution, unless the Company has effected a reduction of its share capital in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, at any time during the Relevant Period, in which event the total number of issued Shares of  the  Company  shall  be  taken  to  be  the  total  number  of  issued  Shares  of  the Company as altered (excluding any treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) that may be held by the Company from time to time;

' Maximum Price '  in  relation  to  a  Share  to  be  purchased  or  acquired,  means  the purchase price (excluding brokerage, stamp duties, applicable goods and services tax and other related expenses) not exceeding:

- (i) in  the  case  of  a  Market  Purchase,  105%  of  the  Average  Closing  Price  (as defined herein); and
- (ii) in  the  case  of  an  Off-Market Purchase pursuant to an equal access scheme, 120% of the Average Closing Price, where:

<!-- image -->

(Resolution 10)

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

' Average Closing  Price '  means  the  average  of  the  closing  market  prices  of  the Shares over the last 5 Market Days on which the Shares are transacted on Catalist or, as the case may be, such securities exchange on which the Shares are listed or quoted, immediately preceding the date of the Market Purchase by the Company or,  as  the  case  may be, the Offer Date pursuant to the Off-Market Purchase, and deemed to be adjusted, in accordance with the Catalist Rules, for any corporate action that occurs after the relevant 5 Market Days period;

' Market Day '  means a day on which the SGX-ST is open for trading in securities; and

' Offer Date '  means the date on which the Company makes an offer for a Share Buy-back, stating therein the relevant terms of the equal access scheme for effecting the Off-Market Purchase; and

- (d) the Directors of the Company be and are hereby authorised to complete and do all  such acts and things (including executing such documents as may be required) as  they  may  consider  expedient  or  necessary  to  give  effect  to  the  transactions contemplated by this Resolution.

[See Explanatory Note (vii)]

By Order of the Board

Sin Chee Mei and Koo Wei Jia Company Secretaries

Singapore, 13 April 2023

## Explanatory Notes:

- (i) Ordinary Resolution 2 -  Mr.  Chin  Mui  Hiong will, upon re-election as a Director of the Company, remain as an Executive Director. Detailed information on Mr. Chin Mui Hiong can be found under the 'Board of Directors', 'Corporate Governance Report' and 'Disclosure of Information on Directors seeking Re-election' sections in the Company's Annual Report.
- (ii) Ordinary  Resolution  3 -  Mr.  Lim  Teck  Chai,  Danny  will,  upon  re-election  as  a  Director  of  the  Company,  remain  as Independent Non-Executive Director, Chairman of the Board of Directors and a member of Audit Committee, Nomination Committee and Remuneration Committee. He is considered to be independent pursuant to Rule 704(7) of the Catalist Rules. Detailed information on Mr. Lim Teck Chai, Danny can be found under the 'Board of Directors', 'Corporate Governance Report' and 'Disclosure of Information on Directors seeking Re-election' sections in the Company's Annual Report.
- (iii) Ordinary Resolution 6 - The resolution, if passed, will empower the Directors of the Company to allot and issue Shares in the capital of the Company and/or Instruments (as defined above), up to a number not exceeding, in total, 100% of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company, of which not exceeding 50% of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) may be issued other than on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders. This authority will, unless revoked or varied at a general meeting, expire at the next annual general meeting of the Company or by the date by which the next annual general meeting of the Company is required by law to be held, whichever is earlier.
- (iv) Ordinary Resolution 7 -  The resolution, if passed, will empower the Directors, to allot and issue ordinary Shares pursuant to the Advancer Global Limited Scrip Dividend Scheme (' Scheme ')  should the Company decide to apply the Scheme to any dividend declared by the Company from the date of this Annual General Meeting until the date of the next annual general meeting of the Company.

<!-- image -->

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

- (v) Ordinary Resolution 8 -  The resolution, if passed, will empower the Directors of the Company to offer and grant options, and to allot and issue new Shares in the capital of the Company, pursuant to the Advancer Global ESOS as may be modified by the Remuneration Committee from time to time, provided that the aggregate number of shares to be allotted and issued pursuant to the Advancer Global ESOS shall not exceed 15% of the total number of issued Shares of the Company (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) from time to time.
- (vi) Ordinary Resolution 9 -  The  resolution, if passed, will empower the Directors of the Company to offer and grant awards, and to allot and issue new Shares in the capital of the Company, pursuant to the Advancer Global PSP as may be modified by the Remuneration Committee from time to time, provided that the aggregate number of Shares to be allotted and issued pursuant to the Advancer Global PSP shall not exceed 15% of the total number of issued Shares of the Company (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) from time to time.
- (vii) Ordinary Resolution 10 -  The  resolution,  if  passed,  will  empower  the  Directors  of  the  Company to make purchases or otherwise acquire the Company's issued Shares from time to time subject to and in accordance with the guidelines set out in the Addendum to Shareholders dated 13 April 2023. The authority will expire at the next annual general meeting of the Company or the date by which the next annual general meeting of the Company is required by law to be held, whichever is earlier, unless previously revoked or waived at a general meeting.

## Notes:

1. The members of the Company are invited to attend physically at the Annual General Meeting (the ' Meeting '  or  ' AGM '). There will be no option for shareholders to participate virtually.

Printed  copies  of  this  Notice  of  AGM  and  the  accompanying  Annual  Report  and  Proxy  Form  will  not  be  dispatched  to members of the Company. Instead, these documents will be made available to members of the Company by electronic means via publication on the Company's corporate website at https://advancer.listedcompany.com/announcements.html and on the SGXNet at https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements .

2. Members may participate in the AGM by:
2. (a) attending the AGM in person;
3. (b) submitting questions in advance of, or at, the AGM; and/or
4. (c) voting at the AGM themselves personally or through their duly appointed proxy(ies).

Persons who hold shares of the Company through relevant intermediaries (as defined in Section 181 of the Companies Act, 1967 of Singapore) including CPF and SRS Investors and who wish to participate in the AGM should contact their respective relevant intermediaries (including CPF Agent Banks and SRS Operators) through which they hold such shares as soon as possible in order for the necessary arrangements to be made for their participation in the AGM.

In the event members encountered Covid-19 like symptoms prior to the AGM, members are strongly encouraged to exercise social responsibility to rest at home and consider appoint a proxy(ies) to attend the Meeting. We encourage members to mask up when attending the AGM.

3. A member (other than a Relevant Intermediary) is entitled to appoint not more than two (2) proxies to attend and vote at  the  AGM. Where such member appoints more than one (1) proxy, the proportion of the shareholding concerned to the represented by each proxy shall be specified in the form of the proxy.
4. A member who is a Relevant Intermediary is entitled to appoint more than two (2) proxies to attend and vote in his/her stead at the AGM, but each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by such member. Where such member appoints more than two (2) proxies, the number and class of shares to be represented by each proxy must be stated.

'Relevant Intermediary' has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 181 of the Companies Act, 1967:

- (a) a  banking corporation licensed under the Banking Act 1970 of Singapore or a wholly owned subsidiary of such a banking corporation, whose business includes the provision of nominee services and who holds shares in that capacity;
- (b) a person holding a capital markets services license to provide custodial services for securities under the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore and who holds shares in that capacity; or
- (c) The Central Provident Fund Board (' CPF Board ')  established by the Central Provident Fund Act 1953 of Singapore, in  respect  of  shares  purchased  under  the  subsidiary  legislation  made  under  that  Act  providing  for  the  making  of investments from the contributions and interest standing to the credit of members of the Central Provident Fund, if the CPF Board holds those shares in the capacity of an intermediary pursuant to or in accordance with that subsidiary legislation.

<!-- image -->

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

5. A proxy need not be a member of the Company.
6. A member of the Company which is a corporation is entitled to appoint its authorised representatives or proxies to vote on its behalf.
7. A member can appoint the Chairman of the Meeting as his/her/its proxy but this is not mandatory.

If  a  member wishes to appoint the Chairman of the Meeting as proxy, such member must give specific instructions as to voting for, voting against, or abstentions from voting on, each resolution in the instrument appointing the Chairman of the Meeting as proxy. If no specific direction as to voting or abstentions from voting in respect of a resolution in the form of proxy, the appointment of the Chairman of the Meeting as proxy for that resolution will be treated as invalid.

8. The instrument appointing a proxy duly executed must be submitted through any one of the following means by 3:00 p.m. on 25 April 2023, being no later than seventy-two (72) hours before the time for appointed for holding the AGM (or any adjournment thereof) and in default the instrument of proxy shall not be treated as valid:
2. (i) by depositing a physical copy at the Company's Share Registrar, In.Corp Corporate Services Pte. Ltd. at 30 Cecil Street, #19-08 Prudential Tower, Singapore 049712; or
3. (ii) by sending a scanned PDF copy by email to the Company's Share Registrar, In.Corp Corporate Services Pte. Ltd. at shareregistry@incorp.asia.
9. For investors who holds shares of the Company through relevant intermediaries (as defined in Section 181 of the Companies Act), including CPF and SRS Investors:
5. (a) may vote at the AGM if they are appointed as proxies by their respective relevant intermediaries, and should contact their respective relevant intermediaries if they have any queries regarding their appointment as proxies; or
6. (b) may appoint the Chairman of the Meeting as proxy to vote on their behalf at the AGM,

in which case they should approach their relevant intermediaries to submit their votes at least seven (7) working days prior to the date of the AGM.

10. A member may ask question relating to the item on the agenda of the AGM at the AGM or submitting question via mail to the Company's registered office at 135 Jurong Gateway Road, #05-317, Singapore 600135, or email to shareregistry@incorp.asia in advance of the AGM no later than 3:00 p.m. on 20 April 2023 (the ' Cut-off Time ').

Members who wish to submit their questions are required to indicate their full names (for individuals)/company names (for corporations), NRIC/passport number/company registration numbers, contact numbers, shareholding types and number of shares held together with their submission of questions.

CPF  and  SRS  Investors  should  contact  their  respective  CPF  Agent  Banks  or  SRS  Operators  through  which  they  hold such  shares  to  submit  their  questions  related  to  the  resolutions  to  be  tabled  for  approval  at  the  AGM  based  on  the abovementioned instructions.

The  Company  will  publish  the  responses  to  substantial  and  relevant  questions  to  the  resolution  to  be tabled  for  approval  at  the  AGM  as  received  from  shareholders  by  way  of  an  announcement  released  on SGX website at https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements and the Company's website at https://advancer.listedcompany.com/announcements.html by 3:00 p.m. on 23 April 2023.

The  Company  endeavors  to  address  (i)  subsequent  clarifications  sought,  (ii)  follow-up  questions,  or  (iii)  subsequent substantial and relevant questions which are received after the Cut-off Time at the AGM itself. Where substantially similar questions are received, the Company will consolidate such questions and consequently not all questions may be individually addressed.

The minutes of the AGM will be published on the SGXNet and the Company's website within one (1) month after the date of the AGM.

<!-- image -->

## PERSONAL DATA PRIVACY

By (a) submitting an instrument appointing the Chairman of the Meeting, proxy(ies) and/or representatives to attend, speak and vote at the AGM and/or any adjournment thereof, or (b) submitting any question prior to the AGM, a member of the Company (i) consents to the collection, use and disclosure of the member's personal data by the Company (or its agents) for the purpose of the processing and administration by the Company (or its agents) of proxies and representatives appointed for the AGM (including any adjournment thereof) and the preparation and compilation of the attendance lists, proxy lists, minutes and other documents relating to the AGM (including any adjournment thereof), addressing relevant and substantial questions from members received before and/or during the AGM and if necessary, following up with the relevant members in relation to such questions and enabling the Company (or its agents or service providers) to comply with any applicable laws, listing rules, regulations and/or guidelines by the relevant authorities (collectively, the ' Purposes ');  (ii)  warrants  that  where  the  member discloses the personal data of the member's proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) to the Company (or its agents), the member has obtained the prior consent of such proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) for the collection, use and disclosure by the Company (or its agents) of the personal data of such proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) for the Purposes; and (iii) agrees that the member will indemnify the Company in respect of any penalties, liabilities, claims, demands, losses and damages as a results of the member's breach of warranty. Photographic, sound, and/or video recordings of the AGM may be made by the Company for record keeping and to ensure the accuracy of the minutes prepared of the AGM. Accordingly, the personal data of the member of the Company or the member's proxy(ies) or representative(s) (such as his/her name, his/her presence at the AGM and any questions he/she may raise or motions he/she propose/second) may be recorded by the Company for such Purposes.

This notice has been reviewed by the Company's sponsor, SAC Capital Private Limited (the ' Sponsor ').

This notice has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the contents of this notice, including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made, or reports contained in this notice.

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms. Charmian Lim (Telephone no.: 65-6232 3210) at 1 Robinson Road, #21-00 AIA Tower, Singapore 048542.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

<!-- image -->

&amp;

## ADVANCER GLOBAL LIMITED

(Co. Reg. No. 201602681W)

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore)

## ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING PROXY FORM

## IMPORTANT:

1. The  Annual  General  Meeting  ('AGM')  will  be  held  physically  at  135  Jurong Gateway  Road,  #05-317,  Singapore  600135.  Members  have  no  option  to participate virtually.
2. Relevant  intermediaries  may  appoint  more  than  two  proxies  to  attend  the Annual  General  Meeting  and  vote  (please  see  Note  2  for  the  definition  of ('relevant intermediaries').
3. For investors holding shares through a Relevant intermediary including CPF and SRS investors), this proxy form is not valid for use and shall be ineffective for all intents and purposes if used or purported to be used by them. The investors should  contact  their  respective  relevant  intermediary,  Agent  Banks  or  SRS Operations if they have any queries regarding their appointment as proxies.

I/We *, (Name), (NRIC/Passport/Co. Reg. No.*) of (Address) being a member/members* of ADVANCER GLOBAL LIMITED, (the ' Company '), hereby appoint

Name

Address and/or (delete as appropriate):

Name

Address or  failing  him/her/them*,  the  Chairman  of  the  Meeting,  as  my/our*  proxy/proxies,  to  vote  for  me/us*  on  my/our*  behalf, at  the Annual  General Meeting (' AGM ')  of  the  Company  to  be  held  physically  at  135  Jurong  Gateway  Road,  #05-317, Singapore 600135 on Friday, 28 April 2023 at 3:00 p.m. and at any adjournment thereof.

I/We* direct my/our* proxy/proxies to vote for or against, or to abstain from voting the Resolutions to be proposed at the AGM as indicated hereunder. If no specific direction as to voting is given, the appointment of the Chairman of the Meeting as proxy for that resolution will be treated as invalid at the AGM and at any adjournment thereof.

| No.  Resolutions relating to:  For  Against  Abstain  1.  Adoption  of  Audited  Financial  Statements  for  the  financial  year  ended  31  December 2022 together with the Directors' Statement and the Independent  Auditors' Report  2.  Re-election of Mr. Chin Mui Hiong as Director  3.  Re-election of Mr. Lim Teck Chai, Danny as Director  4.  Approval of payment of Directors' fees of S$152,000 for the financial year  ending 31 December 2023, payable quarterly in arrears.  5.  Re-appointment of Mazars LLP as auditors and to authorise the Directors to  fix their remuneration  6.  Authority to allot and issue shares and convertible securities  7.  Authority  to  allot  and  issue  shares  under  Advancer  Global  Limited  Scrip  Dividend Scheme  8.  Authority to allot and issue shares under Advancer Global Employee Share  Option Scheme  9.  Authority to grant awards and allot and issue shares under Advancer Global  Performance Share Plan  10.  Proposed renewal of Share Buy-back Mandate   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Delete where inapplicable

NOTE: All Resolutions put to vote at the AGM shall be decided by way of poll. If you wish to exercise all your votes 'For' or 'Against' or 'Abstain' the relevant resolution, please tick (√) within the box provided. Alternatively, please indicate the number of votes as appropriate. If you mark the abstain box for a particular resolution, you are directing your proxy, not to vote on that resolution on a poll and your votes will not be counted in computing the required majority on a poll.

Dated this day of April 2023

Signature(s) of Member(s)/and, Common Seal of Corporate Member

IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ NOTES OVERLEAF

NRIC / Passport No.

NRIC / Passport No.

Proportion of Shareholdings

No. of Shares

%

Proportion of Shareholdings

No. of Shares

%

Total Number of Shares in

(a) CDP Register

(b) Register of Members

No. of Shares

## Notes:

1. A  member  of  the  Company  (other  than  a  Relevant  Intermediary)  is  entitled  to  appoint  not  more  than  two  proxies  to attend and vote in his stead. Where such member's form of proxy appoints more than one proxy, the proportion of the shareholding concerned to be represented by each proxy shall be specified in the form of proxy.
2. A member of the Company who is a Relevant Intermediary entitled to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting of the Company is entitled to appoint more than two (2) proxies to attend and vote in his/her stead, but each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by such member. Where such member appoints more than two (2) proxies, the number and class of shares to be represented by each proxy must be stated.

## ' Relevant Intermediary ' means:

- (a) a  banking corporation licensed under the Banking Act 1970 of Singapore or a wholly owned subsidiary of such a banking corporation, whose business includes the provision of nominee services and who holds shares in that capacity;
- (b) a person holding a capital markets services license to provide custodial services for securities under the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore and who holds shares in that capacity; or
- (c) the Central Provident Fund Board ('CPF Board') established by the Central Provident Fund Act 1953 of Singapore, in  respect  of  shares  purchased  under  the  subsidiary  legislation  made  under  that  Act  providing  for  the  making  of investments from the contributions and interest standing to the credit of members of the Central Provident Fund, if the CPF Board holds those shares in the capacity of an intermediary pursuant to or in accordance with that subsidiary legislation.
3. A proxy need not be a member of the Company.
4. A member can appoint the Chairman of the Meeting as his/her/its proxy but this is not mandatory.

In  appointing  the  Chairman  of  the  Meeting  as  proxy,  a  member  (whether  individual  or  corporate)  must  give  specific instructions as to voting, or abstentions from voting, in the form of proxy, failing which the appointment for that resolution will be treated as invalid.

5. Where a member appoints more than one proxy, he/she shall specify the proportion of his/her shareholdings (expressed as a percentage of the whole) to be represented by each proxy. If no such proportion or number is specified, the first named proxy may be treated as representing 100% of the shareholding and any second named proxy as an alternate to the first named.
6. A member should insert the total number of shares held. If the member has shares entered against his/her name in the Depository Register (as defined in Section 81SF of the Securities and Futures Act), he/she should insert that number of shares. If the member has shares registered in his/her name in the Register of Members of the Company, he/she should insert  that  number  of  shares.  If  the  member  has  shares  entered  against  his/her  name  in  the  Depository  Register  and registered in his name in the Register of Members, he/she should insert the aggregate number of shares. If no number is inserted, the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies shall be deemed to relate to all shares held by the member.
7. The instrument appointing a proxy duly executed must be submitted through any one of the following means by 3:00 p.m. on 25 April 2023, being no later than seventy-two (72) hours before the time for appointed for holding the AGM (or any adjournment thereof) and in default the instrument of proxy shall not be treated as valid:
4. (i) by depositing a physical copy at the Company's Share Registrar, In.Corp Corporate Services Pte. Ltd. at 30 Cecil Street, #19-08 Prudential Tower, Singapore 049712; or
5. (ii) by sending a scanned PDF copy by email to the Company's Share Registrar, In.Corp Corporate Services Pte. Ltd. at shareregistry@incorp.asia.

Members are strongly encouraged to submit completed proxy forms electronically via email.

8. For investors who holds shares of the Company through relevant intermediaries (as defined in Section 181 of the Companies Act), including CPF and SRS Investors:
2. (a) may vote at the AGM if they are appointed as proxies by their respective relevant intermediaries, and should contact their respective relevant intermediaries if they have any queries regarding their appointment as proxies; or
3. (b) may appoint the Chairman of the Meeting as proxy to vote on their behalf at the AGM,

in which case they should approach their relevant intermediaries to submit their votes at least seven (7) working days prior to the date of the AGM.

9. The instrument appointing a proxy or proxies must be under the hand of the appointor or his attorney duly authorised in writing. Where the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies is executed by a corporation, it must be executed either under its Seal or under the hand of its attorney or a duly authorised officer. The dispensation of the use of common seal pursuant to the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore is applicable at this AGM.
10. Where an instrument appointing a proxy is signed on behalf of the appointor by an attorney, the letter or power of attorney or a duly certified copy thereof shall (failing previous registration with the Company) be lodged with the instrument of proxy, failing which the instrument may be treated as invalid.
11. A corporation which is a member may by resolution of its directors or other governing body authorise such person as it thinks fit to act as its representative at the Annual General Meeting.
12. The Company shall be entitled to reject the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies which is incomplete, improperly completed, illegible or where the true intentions of the appointor are not ascertainable from the instructions of the appointer specified  in  the  instrument  appointing  a  proxy  or  proxies.  In  addition,  in  the  case  of  shares  entered  in  the  Depository Register, the Company shall be entitled to reject any instrument appointing a proxy or proxies if the member, being the appointor, is not shown to have shares entered against his/her name in the Depository Register as at 72 hours before the time appointed for holding the Meeting, as certified by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited to the Company.

## PERSONAL DATA PRIVACY

By submitting an instrument appointing a proxy(ies) and/or representative(s), to vote at AGM and/or any adjournment thereof, member of the Company is deemed to have accepted and agreed to the personal data privacy terms set out in the Notice of Annual General Meeting of the Company dated 13 April 2023.

<!-- image -->

## ADVANCER GLOBAL LIMITED

Blk 135 Jurong Gateway Road, #05-317

Singapore 600135 T: (65) 6665 3855 F: (65) 6665 0969

(Company Registration Number: 201602681W)

<!-- image -->

http:lladvancer.sgl