<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## MULTI-SERVICES PROVIDER

FOR DIVERSED NEEDS

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## CONTENTS

| - 01 Group Profile  - 02 Chairman's Statement  - 04 Board of Directors  - 06 Management  - 08 Corporate Information  - 09 Group Structure  - 10 Group Financial Highlights  - 11 Report of Corporate Governance  - 37 Financial Contents  - 107 Statistics of Shareholdings  - 109 Notice of Annual General Meeting   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

This  annual  report  has  been  prepared  by  Aedge  Group Limited  (the  'Company')  and  its  contents  have  been reviewed by UOB Kay Hian Private Limited (the 'Sponsor') for compliance with the relevant rules of the SGX-ST Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist.

This annual report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the contents of this annual report, including the accuracy, completeness  or  correctness  of  any  of  the  information, statements or opinions made or reports contained in this annual report.

The contact person for the Sponsor is Mr Lance Tan, Senior Vice  President,  at  8  Anthony  Road,  #01-01,  Singapore 229957, telephone (65) 6590 6881.

We are a Singapore-based multi-services provider, focusing on three principal services, namely engineering  services, security and manpower services and transport services. We serve a wide range of customers from various industries, including MNCs, government bodies, schools and local companies.

## ENGINEERING SERVICES

Provide  a  suite  of  the  following  services  to  the  oil &amp; gas, petrochemical, marine and construction industries:

-  Scaffolding services (including engineered shelters)
-  Insulation &amp; passive fire protection services
-  Electrical engineering systems

## TRANSPORT SERVICES

A leading bus transport service provider in Singapore for:

-  Premium bus services
-  School bus services
-  Private bus charter services
-  Ad-hoc bus services

## SECURITY AND MANPOWER SERVICES

Provide the following manpower services:

-  Security services (including security guarding services &amp; security system integration)
-  Cleaning services
-  Manpower  services  (specialise  in  sourcing  and supplying  aerospace  technicians  to  companies engaged  in  aerospace  maintenance,  repair  and overhaul)

<!-- image -->

## GROUP PROFILE

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

<!-- image -->

## MESSAGE TO SHAREHOLDERS

## Dear Shareholders,

The challenges from the COVID-19 pandemic continued to persist this year, exacerbated by macroeconomic  headwinds  and  geopolitical instability. As  the  Group  ('Aedge')  navigates  through  these challenges, it also presents the opportunity  for Aedge to reflect on its performance and evaluate its strategy.

## FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE DURING A CHALLENGING YEAR

Despite the multiple headwinds, the Group's FY2022 revenue grew 14.4% to S$20.45 million attributable to more engineering,  security  and  manpower  services contracts completed during the year. This rides on the  increasing  demand  for  our  various  services  in these segments as Singapore gradually opens up to business.

The transport business has been impacted by inflationary pressures and the hike in fuel prices, which is  felt  across  the  industry,  and  which  has  impacted gross  margins.  However,  Aedge  remains  positive about a potential upturn as Singapore continues to open up and recovers from the pandemic, and as we slowly adjust our contracts to take into account the increase in costs.

Aedge remains positive about a potential upturn as Singapore continues to open up and recovers from the pandemic, and as we slowly adjust our contracts to take into account the increase in costs.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022 (' FY2022 '), Aedge posted a net loss after tax of S$1.44 million mainly due to lower gross profits, lesser government grants and higher depreciation.

Even  with  the  current  circumstances,  the  Group's balance  sheet  remains  healthy  with  a  net  cash position of S$5.58 million as at 30 June 2022. Equity attributable  to  owners  of  the  Company  stands  at S$14.15 million and Net Asset Value per share stands at 13.34 cents.

## OPERATIONS REVIEW

## Engineering Services

Over the past year, Aedge maintained its engineering services performance with an optimised team structure.  In  the  midst  of  executing  contracts  for clients  such  as  Shell  for  the  design,  supply  and installation  of  bus  stops  shelters,  the  Group  also participated  in  the  supply  of  gratings  for  several projects in offshore windfarms as well as the provision of manpower subcontract work in the solar energy sector.

## Transport Services

The utilisation rate  for  transport  services  has  struggled to recover since the pandemic, due to several factors

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

<!-- image -->

such as excess bus capacity in the market and lower demand for transportation stemming from situations such as predominant hybrid work arrangements and low levels of big scale events. The Group is actively looking at ways to improve its competitiveness and utilisation of its fleet.

## Security and manpower services

While it has been difficult to meet ongoing market demand  for  manpower,  the  team  has  continued to  strive  to  grow.  Aedge's  security  team  is  now deployed island-wide for commercial clients ranging from commercial buildings, condominiums and infrastructure construction work  sites. With the recovery  of  the  travel  industry,  the  aviation  team has  bounced  back  to  pre-pandemic  levels  and  is expected to be a key contributor to the Group.

The cleaning industry remains a challenge for Aedge, but  as  we  continue  to  explore  ways  to  grow  our cleaning  team,  we  are  piloting  manpower  services projects for new sectors such as hospitality.

## VISION FOR THE FUTURE

While  Aedge  has  developed  a  competitive  moat, rising costs and a shortage of quality manpower has illustrated  the  importance  of  cost  and  manpower efficiency.

In that vein, Aedge has implemented various cost-cutting  measures  to  improve  margins,  while incorporating  more  technology  to  drive  manpower efficiency.  With  more  customers  requiring  services across multiple segments that Aedge covers, there is the opportunity to extract synergies from existing business  units  via  cross-selling  and  comprehensive service packages.

Keeping in mind the importance of a strong foundation, Aedge will be looking to grow the Group's recurring  income  stream  by  focusing  on  our  core strengths. Concurrently, we continue to explore new, innovative  ways  to  achieve  growth  organically  and inorganically.  For  example,  forming  more  strategic partnerships  that  would  increase  our  competitive advantage and enable us to offer more value-added services to customers.

## BOARD RENEWAL

On this note, I would like to acknowledge Mr. Foo Der Rong's and Mr. Teo Joo Huak's service to the Board. Both have given invaluable insights and contributions to the Board and the Group. On behalf of the Board, we  would  like  to  express  our  heartfelt  thanks  and give our best wishes to them.

I  would  like  to  welcome  on  board  our  new  Independent Director,  Mr.  Samuel  Guok  as  well  as  our  new Executive  Director,  Mr.  Daniel  Ng.  Mr.  Guok  brings with him a wealth of experience in the corporate and investment arena, while Mr. Ng will provide valuable operational insights in the Engineering space as we strive for greater efficiency. We look forward to their contribution towards the Group.

## ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

On  behalf  of  the  Board,  I  would  also  like  to  thank Aedge's  management  team  and  employees.  It  is through  their  commitment  and  resilience  through the  multiple  challenges  that  are  able  to  continue achieving growth.

I am  thankful for our customers and business partners for their unwavering support over the years as we endeavour to deliver the best, as well as our shareholders  who  have  supported  us  through  our journey.  With  supportive  stakeholders,  Aedge  will withstand and adapt to the current challenging times while striving to create greater value for shareholders.

POH SOON KENG Chairman

<!-- image -->

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

MR POH SOON KENG Executive Chairman and CEO

<!-- image -->

Date of first appointment as a Director: 3 October 2019

Date of last re-election as a

Director:

16 October 2020

Present Directorships in listed

companies:

Nil

Past  Directorships  in  listed

companies  over  preceding

3 years:

Nil

Mr Poh Soon Keng is the founder of our Group and is currently our Executive Chairman and CEO, and was appointed to our Board on 3 October 2019.

He  h a s   o v e r   2 0   y e a r s   o f experience leading and expanding our Group's business. Mr Poh is  primarily responsible for the overall management, operations and strategic direction of our Group.

Mr Poh holds an honours degree in Public Administration conferred by Nanyang University in 1976.

<!-- image -->

## MR DANIEL NG CHOON

BENG Executive Director

Date of first appointment as a

Director:

20 May 2022

Present Directorships in listed

companies:

Nil

Past  Directorships  in  listed companies  over  preceding 3 years: Nil

Mr Daniel Ng is  our  Executive Director and was appointed to our Board on 20 May 2022. He is also our Chief Operating Officer (Engineering). He is responsible for overseeing the management and operations of our Group's engineering services business segment.

Between 1990 to 2015, Mr Ng served as the regional business development director of SGB Aluma  Singapore  Pte  Ltd and assisted  in  the  business development and management aspects of the business.

Mr Ng holds an honours degree in Bachelor of Civil Engineering and a Master's degree in Business Administration from the University of Newcastle upon Tyne in 1989 and 1990 respectively.

MR HOON TAI MENG Lead Independent Director

<!-- image -->

Date of first appointment as a

Director:

24 March 2020

Date of last re-election as a

Director:

16 October 2020

Present Directorships in listed companies:

Federal International (2000) Ltd Hock Lian Seng Holdings Ltd Spindex Industries Ltd

Past  Directorships  in  listed companies  over  preceding 3 years:

Pavillon Holdings Ltd Sin Ghee Huat Corporation Ltd Koufu Group Ltd

Mr Hoon Tai Meng is  our  Lead Independent Director and was appointed  to  our  Board  on 24 March 2020.

Mr Hoon is presently a senior consultant at RHTLaw Asia LLP ('RHT'). Prior to joining RHT, he was an executive director of Chip Eng Seng Corporation Ltd for 7 years and was a director of Chip Eng Seng Corporation Ltd for a total of 19 years.  He practised law in T M Hoon &amp; Co. Advocates &amp; Solicitors and Khattar Wong Advocates &amp; Solicitors for 14 years covering the areas of civil litigation, real estate, construction law, insolvency, corporate and capital markets.

Mr Hoon, a lawyer and accountant by profession, besides having more than 18 years of experience in law practice, also has around 27 years of experience in business operations, financial and general management, as well as audit, tax  and  corporate  secretarial functions. He was also a registered professional with the SGX-ST rendering continuing sponsorship services to companies listed on the Catalist.

Mr Hoon obtained a Bachelor of  Commerce (Accountancy) from Nanyang University in 1976 and a Bachelor of Laws (Hons) from the University of London in 1993. He is a Fellow Chartered Accountant (Singapore), Fellow of  the  Chartered  Institute  of Management Accountants FCMA (UK), Fellow of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants FCCA (UK), Chartered Global Management Accountant CGMA and Barrister-at-law  (Middle Temple).

MR GOH JOON LIAN Independent Director

<!-- image -->

Date of first appointment as a

Director:

24 March 2020

Date of last re-election as a

Director:

28 October 2021

Present Directorships in listed

companies:

Nil

Past  Directorships  in  listed

companies  over  preceding

3 years:

Nil

Mr  Goh  Joon  Lian i s   our Independent Director and was appointed  to  our  Board  on 24 March 2020.

He had worked in Shell Singapore since 1999 and was the regional chairman of Shell South China when he left the company in 2012. He worked at Esso Singapore from 1979 to 1999 and at Sembawang Shipyard from 1976 to 1979.

Mr Goh obtained a Bachelor of Science with First Class Honours (Mechanical Engineering) from the University of Surrey, United Kingdom in 1976.

MR GUOK CHIN HAUT SAMUEL

<!-- image -->

Independent Director

Date of first appointment as a Director: 20 May 2022 Present Directorships in listed

companies:

Global Palm Resources Holdings Ltd

International Cement Group Ltd RE&amp;S Holdings Limited

Past  Directorships  in  listed companies  over  preceding 3 years:

Asiatravel.Com Holdings Ltd

Mr Samuel Guok is our Independent Director and was appointed to our Board on 20 May 2022.

Mr  Guok  has  many  years  of working experience, especially i n  the  financial  and  property sector. From 1990 to 1993, he was a housing developer in a project at Holland Road. From 1993 to 2003, he was a director at Seed Ventures. He was the Chief Executive Officer of Wee Poh Ltd from 1998 to 2001. From 2001 to 2004, he acted as an advisor to JP Nelson Ltd. Mr Guok was a director of Bukit Sembawang Estates Limited from March 2008 to July 2017, and also the chairman of their board from July 2011 to July 2017. Currently he is a director of StarHealth Pte Ltd.

Mr Guok graduated from Boston University, Bachelor of Science, with  Majors  in  Finance  and International  Economics,  and Minor in Chemistry, in 1984. He was also awarded the Dean List.

## MANAGEMENT

## MR DENNIS LOH SIEW KEEN

Chief Financial Officer

Mr Dennis Loh is our Chief Financial  Officer  and  joined  our Group in 2018. He is responsible for overseeing our Group's finance, tax and corporate secretarial matters.

Mr Loh has many years of experience  in  finance  in  various sectors  including  the  real  estate and banking sector.

Mr. Loh holds a Bachelor of Accountancy degree from the University of Singapore. He is a Chartered Accountant of Singapore  and  a  member  of  the Institute  of  Singapore  Chartered Accountants.

## MS TAN SIEW LAN

Human Resources and Administration Director

Ms Tan Siew Lan joined the Group in October 2007 and is our Human Resources and Administration Director. She is responsible for the human resources and administration functions of the Group.

Ms Tan obtained a Bachelor of Arts from Nanyang University in 1976.

## MR ONG BLAISE JUDE

Director (Security Services)

Mr Ong joined the Group in 2012, and  is our director of security services. He is responsible for the  sales  and  operations  of  our security services.

Mr Ong  has  over 10 years of experience in security services, and has full WSQ  (Workforce Skills Qualifications) accreditations in security management and operations,  and  is  an  accredited security consultant.

## MR EDWIN NEO WENG MENG

Director (Investors Relations, M&amp;A)

Mr Neo joined the Group in 2021. He  is  in  charge  of  merger  and acquisition  projects  of  the  group, as  well  as  handling  of  investor relations.

## MR FRANCIS TAY CHOON WAH

Director (Engineering Services)

Mr Tay joined our Group in 2019,  and  handles  the  business development  and  marketing  for scaffolding, insulation, painting, fireproofing services and he is also involved in cross selling of the Group's multi-services.

He has over 25 years of experiences in the Process Industry.

Mr  Tay  has  a  Master  in  Business Administration  from  University  of Surrey and a Bachelor of Science (Hons) in Business &amp; Management Studies from University of Bradford. In addition, he also holds a Diploma in Marketing from  the  Chartered  Institute of Marketing  (UK),  Diploma  in  Sales &amp;  Marketing  (MDIS)  and  also  a Diploma  in  Management  Studies from Singapore Institute of Management.

## MR POH TZE REN

Group Operations Manager

Mr Poh joined the Group in 2021. He is  in  charge  of  various  operations of  the  group  with  main  focus  on transport services.

Mr. Poh graduated with a Bachelor of Engineering (Electrical &amp; Electronics) from Nanyang Technological University in 2001.

## MS TAN AH HWA

Senior Manager (Manpower Outsourcing)

Ms Tan Ah Hwa joined the Group  in  October  2007  and  was previously our Operations Director (Transport).

In September 2022, she was re-designated  as  Senior  Manager (Manpower  Outsourcing).  She  is responsible  for  the  management and operations of the Group's manpower outsourcing services.

## MR DANNY LEE KWEE PEEN

Senior Business Development Manager (Engineering Services)

Mr  Danny  Lee  joined  our  Group in 2020 and handles business development in engineering services that provide a suite of complementary services and products such as scaffolding, engineered shelters, shoring systems, gratings, communications and security systems  to  the  construction,  oil and gas, petrochemical and marine industries.

Mr Lee obtained a Bachelor of Science (Economics) in Management Studies (Honours) from University of London in 1995.

<!-- image -->

T

I

O

N

## CORPA TE

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Poh Soon Keng (Chairman, Executive) Ng Choon Beng (Executive) Hoon Tai Meng (Non-Executive, Independent) Goh Joon Lian (Non-Executive, Independent) Guok Chin Huat Samuel (Non-Executive, Independent)

## AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE

Hoon Tai Meng (Chairman) Goh Joon Lian Guok Chin Huat Samuel

## NOMINATING COMMITTEE

Goh Joon Lian (Chairman) Hoon Tai Meng Poh Soon Keng

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Hoon Tai Meng (Chairman) Goh Joon Lian Guok Chin Huat Samuel

## COMPANY SECRETARIES

Pan Mi Keay Loh Siew Keen

<!-- image -->

I

N

F

O

R

M

A

## REGISTERED OFFICE

4009 Ang Mo Kio Avenue 10 #04-33 Techplace 1

Singapore 569738

Telephone : +65 6458 7645

Website : https:/ /www.aedge.com.sg/

COMPANY REGISTRATION NUMBER

201933214E

## AUDITORS

Moore Stephens LLP 10 Anson Road, #29-15 International Plaza Singapore 079903

Partner in charge: Neo Keng Jin (with effect from financial year ended 2022)

## SHARE REGISTRAR

Tricor Barbinder Share Registration Services (A division of Tricor Singapore Pte. Ltd.) 80 Robinson Road #02-00 Singapore 068898 Telephone : +65 6236 3333

## SPONSOR

UOB Kay Hian Private Limited 8 Anthony Road #01-01 Singapore 229957

## BANKERS

DBS Bank Ltd Maybank Singapore Limited Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited United Overseas Bank Limited

<!-- image -->

* Previously known as Aedge Resources Pte. Ltd.

## GROUP FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

REVENUE (S$'000)

<!-- image -->

PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAX (S$'000)

<!-- image -->

PROFIT/(LOSS) AFTER TAX (S$'000)

<!-- image -->

| 2022  2021  2020  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Income  Revenue  20,452  17,879  23,685  Profit/(loss) before tax  (1,599)  (1,101)  546  Profit/(loss) after tax  (1,439)  (991)  422  Financial Position  Total assets  22,275  26,004  26,344  Total liabilities  8,130  9,360  11,598  Total equity  14,145  16,644  14,746  Selected ratios  Cents  Cents  Cents  Net Assets Per Ordinary  Share (1)  13.34  15.70  13.90  Basic and diluted earning/  (loss) per share (2)  (1.36)  (1.00)  0.47  Dividends Per Ordinary Share  -  1.00  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes

(1) For  comparison  purposes,  the  calculation  for  the  net  asset  value  per ordinary share for the respective financial years is based on the post-IPO share capital of 106,000,000 shares in issue (excluding treasury shares).

(2) The calculation of basic earnings per share has been based on the profit attributable to ordinary shareholders and the weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding.

REPORT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

## REPORT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Board of Directors (the ' Board ') of Aedge Group Limited (the ' Company ') together with its subsidiaries, the ' Group ') continues to be committed to ensuring and maintaining high standards of corporate governance and places importance on its corporate governance processes and systems which are essential to the stability and sustainability of the performance of the Group, promotion of corporate transparency, accountability and integrity of the Group, protection of interests of shareholders and maximisation of long-term shareholders' value.

This report describes the corporate governance framework, practices, process and activities of the Company with specific reference to the underlying principles of the Code of Corporate Governance 2018 (the ' Code ') that were in place throughout the financial year ended 30 June 2022 (' FY2022 '). The Board believes that the Group has complied with the principles as set out in the Code. The Company is also guided by the voluntary Practice Guidance which was issued to complement the Code and which sets out best practice standards for companies. Where there are deviations from the provisions of the Code, appropriate explanations and reasons for deviation are provided in the relevant sections below.

## BOARD MATTERS

## The Board's Conduct of Affairs

## Principle 1:

The Company is headed by an effective Board which is collectively responsible and works with Management for the long-term success of the company.

Besides carrying out its statutory responsibilities, the Board meets regularly to oversee the business affairs, corporate affairs and the overall performance of the Group and works with the management (' Management ') to take objective decisions in the best interest of the Group and shareholders. Board members are expected to act in good faith and exercise independent judgment in the best interests of the Group.

Any Director facing conflict of interest has recused himself from discussions and decisions involving the issues of conflict. The Management also plays a pivotal role in providing Board members with complete, adequate and timely information to assist the Board in the fulfilment of its responsibilities.

The Board recognises the key responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following:

## Corporate Governance

- a) Set the 'tone at the top' and instil an ethical corporate culture, including establishing a Code of Conduct.
- b) Review and ensure that the appropriate policies and practices on corporate governance are in place.
- c) Perform such duties and responsibilities as may be required by laws, regulations and Constitution of the Company.
- d) Review and monitor Group's policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.
- e) Ensure that the required disclosures on corporate governance and related matters required by laws and regulations are made in the annual report and accounts, and to the regulatory authorities.
- f) Ensure prudent policies for carrying on business while promoting fair practices and high standards of business conduct.

## REPORT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

- g) Assess annually the effectiveness of the Board and the Board committees, and contributions of each Director.
- h) Monitor  and  ensure  the  training  and  continuous  professional  development  of  Directors  and  senior management.
- i) Establish an Investor Relations Policy to promote regular, effective and fair communication with the Shareholders.

## Strategy

- a) Set  long  term  strategic  goals,  review  and  assess  the  strategies  from  time  to  time,  and  monitor  the progress towards achieving these goals.
- b) Consider  sustainability  issues,  including  issues  relating  to  the  environment  and  social  factors,  when formulating its strategies.

## Finance

- a) Review and approve the annual business plan and budget.
- b) Monitor the financial performance of the Group.
- c) Determine  an  appropriate  capital  and  debt  structure  for  the  Group  to  meet  its  long-term  business objectives.
- d) Set the Dividend Policy and declare dividends. Where it is decided not to declare dividends, the Board shall announce such together with the reason(s) for the decision.
- e) Review and approve significant acquisitions and divestments. As a general guide, a significant acquisition or divestment is one that exceeds three per cent of the shareholders' funds.

## Risk Management and Internal Controls

- a) Oversee  the  establishment  and  operation  of  an  enterprise  risk  management  framework  to  identify, assess, manage, monitor and report the Group's risks.
- b) Determine and review the Company's risk profile, risk tolerance level and risk strategy.
- c) Conduct  an  annual,  rigorous  assessment  of  the  adequacy  and  effectiveness  of  the  Company's internal controls, including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls, the effectiveness of its  internal  audit,  risk  management  and  compliance  functions,  and  the  adequacy  of resources allocated to these functions.

## Human Resource

- a) Approve the organisational structure of the Group and its key management positions.
- b) Determine the compensation packages and incentive payment structure for key management positions.
- c) Oversee the design and operation of the remuneration policy and compensation framework.
- d) Develop the succession planning for Directors including the Chief Executive Officer (' CEO '), and oversee, through the Nominating Committee the succession plans for senior management.

## REPORT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The  Group  has  adopted  internal  guidelines  setting  forth  matters  that  require  Board's  approval.  Matters specifically reserved for the approval by the Board are those relating to the long term strategies and business plans, annual budget of the Group, material capital expenditure exceeding a threshold limit, significant mergers and acquisitions, corporate or financial restructuring, share issuances, interim dividend and other returns to shareholders and interested person transactions.

The  Management  is  responsible  for  day-to-day  operations/administration  of  the  Group  and  they  are accountable to the Board. Clear directions have been given out to the Management that such reserved matters must be approved by the Board.

The Board exercises due diligence and independent judgment in dealing with business affairs of the Group and works with Management to take objective decisions in the interest of the Group.

The Board has established and delegated specific authority to the committees of the Board, namely the Audit and Risk Committee (' ARC '),  the  Nominating  Committee (' NC ')  and  the  Remuneration Committee (' RC ') (collectively, the ' Board Committees ') with clear written terms of reference to assist the Board in carrying out and discharging its duties and responsibilities efficiently and effectively, and reporting back to the Board. The ARC and RC are made up of Independent Directors, and the NC is made up of majority Non-Executive Directors (' NED '), and each is chaired by an Independent Director. Each Board Committee has its own specific Terms of Reference setting out the scope of its duties and responsibilities, rules and regulations, and procedures governing the manner in which it is to operate and how decisions are to be taken.

All  the  Board  Committees  are  actively  engaged  and  plays  an  important  role  in  ensuring  good  corporate governance in the Company and within the Group.

The Board meets regularly on a quarterly basis with four (4) scheduled meetings held within each financial year to approve, among others, announcements of the Group's half-year and full year financial results. Additional meetings are also convened to discuss and deliberate on urgent substantive matters or issues. The Board may also have informal discussions on matters requiring urgent attention which would then be formally approved by circular resolutions in writing. The Company's Constitution provides for the Board to convene meetings via telephone conferencing and electronic means in the event when Directors were unable to attend meetings in person.

While the Board considers Directors' attendance at Board meetings as important, it should not be the only criterion  to  measure  their  contributions.  The  Board  also  takes  into  account  the  contributions  by  Board members in other forms, including periodical reviews and the provision of guidance and advice on various matters relating to the Group.

## REPORT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The number of Board and Board Committees meetings held in FY2022 and the attendance of Directors during these meetings are as follows:

| Board of  Directors  Audit and Risk  Committee  Nominating  Committee  Remuneration  Committee  Number of Meetings Held  4  4  2  2  Name of Directors  Attended  Attended  Attended  Attended  Mr Hoon Tai Meng  4  4  2  2  Mr Teo Joo Huak 1  4  4  2*  2  Mr Goh Joon Lian  4  4  2  2  Mr Poh Soon Keng  4  4*  2  2*  Mr Foo Der Rong 2  3  3*  1*  2*  Mr Guok Chin Huat Samuel 3  1*  1  -  -  Mr Ng Choon Beng 4  1*  1*  -  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 1    Mr Teo Joo Huak resigned on 20 May 2022
- 2    Mr Foo Der Rong resigned on 14 February 2022
- 3    Mr Guok Chin Huat Samuel was appointed on 20 May 2022
- 4    Mr Ng Choon Beng was appointed on 20 May 2022
*  Attendance by invitation

The Board ensures that incoming new Directors are given comprehensive and tailored induction on joining the Board including onsite visits, if necessary, to get familiarised with the business of the Group and corporate governance practices upon their appointment and to facilitate the effectiveness in discharging their duties. Newly appointed Directors will be provided a formal letter setting out their duties and obligations. They will be given briefings by the Management on the business activities of the Group and its strategic directions as well as its corporate governance practices. A newly appointed Director who has no prior experience as a director of a listed company in Singapore must undergo mandatory training organised by Singapore Institute of Directors in relation to the roles and responsibilities of a director of a listed company.

Below are some of the trainings attended by our Directors in FY2022:

| Name of Director  Training Attended  Ng Choon Beng  LED 1  Hoon Tai Meng  Environmental, social and governance essentials conducted by SID  Guok Chin Huat Samuel  Environmental, social and governance essentials conducted by SID  Poh Soon Keng  Hoon Tai Meng  Guok Chin Huat Samuel  Ng Choon Beng  In-house  course  and  updates  on  Personal  Data  Protection  Act,  anti-corruption,  whistle  blowing  and  how  the  Group's  policies  on  these  matters  served  to  enhance  the  Group's  compliance  on  corporate  governance.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

LED: Listed Entity Director Essentials conducted by Singapore Institute of Directors (SID)

## REPORT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

All Directors are encouraged to constantly keep abreast of developments in regulatory, legal and accounting frameworks that are of relevance to the Group through the extension of opportunities for participation in the relevant training courses, seminars and workshops as relevant and/or applicable at the Group's expenses. The Directors are also provided with updates on the relevant new laws and regulations relevant to the Group's operating  environment  through  emails  and  regular  meetings.  They  also  have  the  opportunity  to  visit  the Group's operational facilities and meet with management to obtain a better understanding of the business operations.

To enable the Board to fulfill its responsibilities, it obtains information it deems adequate, complete and in a timely manner from the Management so as to make informed decisions. A system of communication between the Management, the Board and its Committees has been established and improved over time.

The Board, its Committees and every Director have separate and independent access to the Management and are free to request additional information as needed to make informed decisions.

In  addition  to  the  annual  budget  and  business  plans  submitted  to  the  Board  for  approval,  the  Board  was provided with quarterly financial management report which contains key performance indicators informing the  Directors  of  the  Group's  performance,  position  and  prospects.  The  Management  also  kept  the  Board apprised of material variances between the actual results, corresponding period of last year and the budget, with appropriate explanation on such variances. Further, additional information is circulated to the Board on a regular basis as and when there is material development in the Group's business operations.

Board members have separate and independent access to Management and the Company Secretary. The Company Secretary and/or his/her representative(s) attend all Board and Board Committees' meetings and provide secretarial support to the Board, ensuring that Board procedures and all other rules and regulations applicable to the Company are adhered to.

The role of the Company Secretary is, inter alia , advising the Board on all governance matters and ensuring that all Board procedures are followed. Under the direction of the Chairman, the Company Secretary ensures good information flow to and within the Board and its Committees and between the Management and NED. Directors have separate and independent access to the Company Secretary through e-mail, telephone and face-to-face  meetings.  During  FY2022,  the  Company  Secretary  attended  all  meetings  of  the  Board  and its  Board Committees and the minutes of such meetings were promptly circulated to all Board and Board Committees as appropriate.

The appointment and removal of the Company Secretary are subject to the approval of the Board.

In the furtherance of their duties, the Independent Directors may seek independent professional advice, where appropriate, with such expense borne by the Company.

## Board Composition and Guidance

## Principle 2: The Board has an appropriate level of independence and diversity of thought and background in its composition to enable it to make decisions in the best interests of the company.

As at the date of this report, the Board comprises five (5) Directors, out of whom three (3) are Independent Non-Executive Directors and two (2) Executive Directors (' ED '). The Board, together with the ARC, RC and NC are constituted in compliance with the Code. The Board composition has a strong and independent element with three (3) Independent Directors that make up a majority of the Board.

## REPORT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The current composition of the Directors in the Board and its Board Committees is as follows:

| Name of Directors  ARC  NC  RC  Mr Poh Soon Keng  (Executive Chairman and CEO)  -  M  -  Mr Ng Choon Beng  (Executive Director)  -  -  -  Mr Hoon Tai Meng  (Lead Independent Director)  C  M  C  Mr Goh Joon Lian  (Independent Director)  M  C  M  Mr Guok Chin Huat Samuel  (Independent Director)  M  -  M   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

C - Chairman

M - Member

The  Directors  bring  with  them  a  broad  range  of  business  and  financial  experience,  skills  and  expertise  in finance, industry, business, management and general corporate matters. The profiles of the Directors are set out on pages 4 to 5 of this Annual Report.

The Company currently have a fixed Board diversity policy and the objective is to enhance the decisionmaking of the Board by utilising the variety in skills, industry and business experiences, gender, age, tenure of service, and other distinguishing qualities of the members of the Board. Currently the Board has members with experience from different industries.

The Board's size and composition will be reviewed annually by the NC to ensure that the Board and its Board Committees have the appropriate mix of skills, expertise, experience and knowledge of the Group as well as appropriate balance of Independent Directors. The NC is of the view that the current Board comprises persons whose diverse skills, expertise, experience, knowledge of the Group and attributes provide for an effective Board.  The  Board  members  also  collectively  possess  the  necessary  core  competencies  for  the  effective functioning of the Board and an informed decision making process.

To assist the NC in its annual review of the Directors' mix of skills, and experiences that the Board requires to function competently and efficiently, the Directors have completed their assessment forms and provide additional information (if any) in their respective areas of specialization and expertise.

Details  of  the  Directors'  qualifications,  background  and  working  experience,  principal  commitments  and shareholdings in related corporations are set out on pages 4 to 5 and 38.

As the Group's activities continue to grow, the NC will continuously review the composition of the Board so that it will have the necessary competency to be effective, including the board diversity policy.

As set out under Provision 2.1 of the Code, an independent director is one who is independent in conduct, character and judgement, and has no relationship with the Company, its related corporations, its substantial shareholders or its officers that could interfere, or be reasonably perceived to interfere, with the exercise of the director's independent business judgement with a view to the best interests of the Company.

## REPORT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The independence of each Independent Director is assessed at least annually by the NC. Particular scrutiny is applied in assessing the continued independence of Directors having served beyond nine (9) years from the date of his first appointment, with attention to ensuring their allegiance remains clearly aligned with the shareholders' interest.

The NC conducted its annual review of the Directors' independence and confirmed their independence in accordance with the guidelines as set out in the Code and Rule 406(3)(d) of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist (' Catalist Rules '). There were no Directors who are deemed independent by the Board, notwithstanding the existence of a relationship as stated in the Code that would otherwise deem him not to be independent.

Each of the Independent Directors has also provided his independence declaration confirming that he does not have any relationship with the Company or its related corporations, its substantial shareholders or its officers including confirming not having any relationships and circumstances provided in Provision 2.1 of the Code and Rule 406(3)(d) of the Catalist Rules.

The NC has affirmed that Mr Goh Joon Lian, Mr Hoon Tai Meng and Mr Guok Chin Huat Samuel are independent and there are no relationships which would deem any of them not to be independent. Each of the Independent Directors has also confirmed his independence.

As Independent Non-Executive Directors make up a majority of the Board, there is a strong independent element  on  the  Board  and  no  individual  or  groups  of  individuals  are  able  to  dominate  the  Board's decision-making process. The Independent Non-Executive Directors have the necessary skills and experience to assist the Board in decision making and to provide a check and balance to the Board as they are not involved in the day-to-day operations of the Company.

As the Chairman of the Board is not an Independent Director, the NC has reviewed the composition of the Board and was satisfied that the Independent Directors make up a majority of the Board and provides the Board with independent and objective judgment on the corporate affairs of the Group. The Company is in compliance with the relevant provisions requiring majority of the Board to be made up of Non-Executive and Independent Directors as set out below:-

- Provision 2.2 Independent directors make up a majority of the Board where the Chairman is not independent; and

Provision 2.3 Non-executive directors make up a majority of the Board.

The Board believes that the Executive Chairman has always acted and will continue to act at all times in the best interest of shareholders as a whole and will strive to protect and enhance the long-term shareholder values and the financial performance of the Group.

The Independent Non-Executive Directors communicated without the presence of Management as and when the need arose. The Company also benefited from the Management's ready access to its Directors for guidance and exchange of views both within and outside the formal environment of the Board and Board Committees' meetings.

## REPORT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

## Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

## Principle 3: There is a clear division of responsibilities between the leadership of the Board and Management, and no one individual has unfettered powers of decision-making.

The Code advocates that there should be a clear division of responsibilities between the leadership of the Board  and  the  executives  responsible  for  managing  the  Group's  business  and  no  one  individual  should represent a considerable concentration of power.

Mr Poh Soon Keng (' Mr Poh ') is the Executive Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (' CEO ') of the Company. He assumes responsibility for the smooth functioning of the Board and ensures timely flow of information between Management and the Board; sets the agenda and ensures that adequate time is available for discussion of all agenda items, in particular strategic issues; promotes a culture of openness and debate at the Board; and promotes high standards of corporate governance. In addition, he also assumes responsibility for  running the day-to-day business of the Group; ensures implementation of policies and strategy across the Group as set by the Board; manages the management team; and leads the development of the Group's future strategy including identifying and assessing risks and opportunities for the growth of its business and reviewing the performance of its existing businesses. Mr Poh communicates with the Board regularly to update the  corporate  issues  and  developments.  He  plays  a  pivotal  role  in  fostering  constructive  dialogue  among stakeholders, the Board and the Management at various meetings.

Taking into account the current corporate structure, size, nature and scope of the Group's operation, the Board is of the view that it is presently not necessary to separate the roles of the Chairman and CEO. With the ARC and RC consisting of all Non-Executive and Independent Directors, and the NC consisting majority of Non-Executive and Independent Directors, the Board believes that there are sufficient safeguards and checks to ensure that the process of decision-making by the Board is independent and based on collective decisions without any individual or group of individuals exercising any considerable concentration of power or influence.

Given that the Chairman is not an Independent Director, Mr Hoon Tai Meng (' Mr Hoon ') has been appointed as the Lead Independent Director of the Company to provide leadership in situations where the Chairman is conflicted and he will be available to shareholders in situations where there are concerns or issues which communication with the Executive Chairman and CEO and/or Chief Financial Officer (' CFO ')  has failed to resolve  or  where  such  communication  is  inappropriate  or  inadequate.  Mr  Hoon  will  also  take  the  lead  in ensuring compliance with the Code.

When it is necessary, led by the Lead Independent Director, the Independent Directors will meet periodically without the presence of the EDs and CEO/CFO and the Management. The Lead Independent Director will provide feedback to the Chairman after such meetings as appropriate.

## Board Membership

## Principle 4: The Board has a formal and transparent process for the appointment and re-appointment of directors, taking into account the need for progressive renewal of the Board.

The NC, which the majority of whom, including the NC Chairman, are independent, comprises the following Directors:

| Mr Goh Joon Lian, Chairman  (Independent Director)  Mr Hoon Tai Meng  (Lead Independent Director)  Mr Poh Soon Keng  (Executive Chairman &amp; CEO)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## REPORT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Lead Independent Director is also a member of the NC.

The NC, which meets at least once a year, carries out its duties in accordance with a set of written Terms of Reference which includes, mainly, the following:

- a) The review of structure, size and composition of the Board and the Board Committees.
- b) The  review  of  succession  plans  for  the  Board  Chairman,  directors,  CEO  and  members  of  senior management.
- c) The  development  of  a  transparent  process  for  evaluating  the  performance  of  the  Board,  its  Board Committees and directors, including assessing whether directors are able to commit enough time to discharge  their  responsibilities  and  the  maximum  number  of  listed  company  Board  representations which a director may hold.
- d) The review of training and professional development programmes for the Board.
- e) The appointment and reappointment of all Directors (including any Alternate Directors).

The Board, through the NC has reviewed annually the effectiveness of the Board as a whole and its required mix of skills and experience and other qualities, including core competencies, which Directors should bring to the Board.

The key responsibilities of the NC include making recommendations to the Board on relevant matters such as the process for evaluating the performance of the Board and each Director as well as succession planning. It seeks to refresh the board membership as it thinks fit in an orderly and progressive manner so as to keep institutional memory intact. It also ensures compliance with the requirements of the Company's Constitution which provides that at each AGM, one-third of the Board is required to retire and provided always that every Director shall retire from office at least once every 3 years.

In this respect, the NC has recommended and the Board has agreed for the following Directors to retire and seek re-election at the forthcoming AGM:

## Pursuant to Regulation 98 of the Company's Constitution:

## Hoon Tai Meng

## Pursuant to Regulation 102 of the Company's Constitution:

- (i) Ng Choon Beng
- (ii) Guok Chin Huat Samuel

In making the recommendations, the NC considers the overall contribution and performance of the Directors as well as the internal guideline set for rotation of Directors.

Each  member  of  the  NC  shall  abstain  from  deliberations  and  voting  on  any  resolutions  in  respect  of  the assessment of his performance, or re-election as a Director of the Company.

In addition, the Directors, by the recommendation of NC, shall have the power to appoint any person to be the Director either to fill a casual vacancy or as an additional Director. All new Directors who are appointed by the Board are subject to re-election at the next AGM but shall not be taken into account in determining the numbers of Directors who are retire by rotation at such meeting.

## REPORT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The  NC  leads  the  process  and  makes  recommendations  to  the  Board  for  the  selection  and  approval  of appointment of new Directors as follows:-

- i. Consider candidates from a wide range of backgrounds.
- ii. Consider candidates on their own merits and evaluate against objective criteria such as their experience, knowledge and skills in relation to the Directors of the Board; and whether the candidates will add diversity to the Board and whether they are likely to have adequate time to discharge their duties.
- iii. Consider the composition and progressive renewal of the Board or Board Committees.
- iv. Appoint an independent third party to source and screen candidates, if necessary.
- v. Before  recommending  an  appointee  to  the  Board,  the  NC  shall  ask  him  to  disclose  any  existing  or expected future business interest that may lead to conflict of interest. This disclosure is to be included in any recommendations to the Board.
- vi. Following the Board's confirmation, the NC will send the newly appointed Director a formal appointment letter which clearly sets out his roles and responsibilities, authority, and the Board's expectations in respect of his time commitment as a director of the company.
- vii. The NC recommends the membership of the Board Committees to the Board.

The  Board  is  also  advised  by  the  Sponsor  on  the  appointment  of  Directors  as  required  under  Catalist Rule 226(2)(d).

The NC will evaluate the suitability of the nominee or candidate based on his qualifications, business and related experience, commitment, ability to contribute to the Board process and such other qualities and attributes that  may be required by the Board, before making its recommendation to the Board. In recommending a candidate for re-appointment to the Board, the NC considers, amongst other things, his contributions to the Board (including attendance and participation at meetings, time and effort accorded to the Company's or Group's business and affairs) and his independence. The Board is to ensure that the selected candidate is aware of the expectations and the level of commitment required. Directors are encouraged to attend relevant training  programmes  conducted  by  the  Singapore  Institute  of  Directors,  SGX-ST,  and  other  business  and financial institutions and consultants.

The NC ensures that new Directors are aware of their duties and obligations. The NC also decides if a Director is able to and has been adequately carrying out his duties as a Director of the Company. In assisting the NC to determine whether Directors who are on multiple boards have committed adequate time to diligently discharge their duties and responsibilities towards the Company's affairs, internal guidelines have been established to address the competing time commitments faced by Directors serving on multiple boards. To address the competing time commitments that are faced when Directors serve on multiple boards, the NC is of the view to not set a maximum number of listed company Board representations and other principal commitments. The reason for not doing so is that the number of directorships and principal commitments each Director may hold should be considered on a case-by-case basis, as an individual's available time and attention may be affected by many different factors, such as the nature of appointment and the responsibilities. The Board believes that each Director is best placed to determine and ensure that he/she is able to devote sufficient time and attention to discharge his/her duties and responsibilities to the Group, bearing in mind his other commitments.

The NC has reviewed each of the Director's directorships in other companies and principal commitments as well as each Director's attendance, overall performance and contribution to the Board. During the year, the NC has considered each Director's other listed company board representations and principal commitments and is satisfied that each Director is able to carry out and has been adequately carrying out their duties as a Director of the Company and that each Director has given sufficient time and attention to the affairs of the Company.

## REPORT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

All  Independent Non-Executive Directors are required to declare their Board representations at the Board meeting whenever there is change and at the end of each financial year.

Presently, the Company does not have any alternate Director as the Board does not encourage the appointment of alternate Director unless it is in exceptional case.

Key information of each member of the Board is set out in the profile of Board of Directors in this Annual Report on pages 4 to 5 and also under the section on 'Disclosure of information on directors seeking reelection pursuant to Rule 720(5) of the Catalist Rules' in this Annual Report on pages 113 to 124.

## Board Performance

## Principle 5: The Board undertakes a formal annual assessment of its effectiveness as a whole, and that of each of its board committees and individual directors.

The NC has in place a framework for annual performance evaluation to assess the effectiveness of the Board as a whole and its ability to discharge its responsibilities in providing stewardship, corporate governance and oversight of Management's performance duties more effectively, to assess its Board Committees, as well as the contribution of each individual Director to the effectiveness of the Board. In this respect, the NC has adopted guidelines for a formal annual assessment process and developed performance criteria set out in assessment checklists, performance evaluation questionnaires, which were approved by the Board.

The  evaluation  exercise  is  carried  out  annually  by  way  of  completion  of  the  performance  evaluation questionnaires, which are circulated to the Board members for completion and thereafter for the NC to review and determine the actions required to ensure continuous improvement of the corporate governance of the Company and effectiveness of the Board as a whole and of each Board Committee separately as well as the contribution by the Chairman and each Individual Director.

For  the  year  under  review,  all  Directors  participated  in  the  evaluation  by  completing  the  performance evaluation questionnaires.

For the assessment of the effectiveness of the Board as a whole; it includes criteria such as the size and composition  of  the  Board,  processes  and  information  flow,  meeting  attendance,  participation,  Board procedures and accountability, matters concerning CEO/key management personnel (' KMP '), standards of conduct of Board members; the assessment was completed by each individual Director

For the assessment of the Board Committees, it was completed by the Chairman of the respective Committee, in consultation with his Committee members.

For the assessment of the contribution each Director to the effectiveness of the Board, this was done jointly by the Chairman of the Board and Chairman of the NC.

The  updated  evaluation  returns  by  Directors  and  Members  of  Board  Committees  were  submitted  to  the Company  Secretary  for  collation  and  the  consolidated  responses  were  presented  to  the  NC  for  review and discussion. The NC has reported to the Board on its review of the Board's and its Board Committees' performances for the year.

## REPORT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Based on the completed review, the NC is satisfied that the Board, as a whole, and its Board Committees, has been effective, and that each Director has contributed sufficiently to the effective functioning of the Board.

The Board has not engaged any external consultant to conduct an assessment of the effectiveness of the Board and the contribution by each individual Director to the effectiveness of the Board. However, the NC will consider such an engagement as and when necessary.

## REMUNERATION MATTERS

Procedures for Developing Remuneration Policies

Principle  6:  The  Board  has  a  formal  and  transparent  procedure  for  developing  policies  on  director and  executive  remuneration,  and  for  fixing  the  remuneration  packages  of  individual  directors  and  key management personnel. No director is involved in deciding his or her own remuneration.

Matters concerning remuneration of the Board, KMP and other employees who are immediate family members of the Directors, the CEO or Substantial Shareholder of the Company (if any) are handled by the RC whose primary  function  is  to  develop  formal  and  transparent  policies  on  remuneration  matters  and  fixing  the remuneration packages of the Directors of the Company and KMP. The RC also reviews and ensures that the Company's remuneration system is appropriate to attract, retain and motivate the required talents to run the Company successfully.

Matters which are required to be disclosed in the annual remuneration report have been sufficiently disclosed in this Report under Principles 6, 7 and 8; and in the Financial Statements of the Company and of the Group.

The RC comprises the following three (3) Directors, all of whom including the RC Chairman are Independent Non-Executive Directors:

| Mr Hoon Tai Meng, Chairman  (Lead Independent Director)  Mr Goh Joon Lian  (Independent Director)  Mr Guok Chin Huat Samuel  (Independent Director)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The RC, which meets at least once a year, carries out its duties in accordance with a set of written Terms of Reference which includes, mainly, the following:

1. Take into account all relevant legal and regulatory requirements, including the principles and provisions of the Code, when determining the company's remuneration policies. In doing so, it should also consider the Company's risk appetite and ensure that the policies are aligned to long-term goals.
2. Set  the  remuneration  policy  for  Directors  (both  EDs  and  NEDs),  CEO  and  KMPs.  The  Board  should recommend proposed NED fees for shareholders' approval.
3. Monitor the level and structure of remuneration for senior management relative to the internal and external peers and competitors.
4. Review the ongoing appropriateness and relevance of the company's remuneration policy.

5. Obtain  reliable,  up-to-date  information  on  the  remuneration  practices  of  other  companies  and  the relevant market benchmarks through the appointment of external consultants. Such information can also be obtained by commissioning or purchasing any appropriate reports, surveys or information. These will be at the expense of the company, subject to budgetary constraints imposed by the Board.
6. Oversee any major changes in employee benefits or remuneration structures.
7. Review  the  design  of  all  long-term  and  short-term  incentive  plans  for  approval  by  the  Board  and shareholders.
8. Ensure  that  the  contractual  terms  and  any  termination  payments  are  fair  to  the  individual  and  the company. Poor performance should not be rewarded.
9. Set performance measures and determine targets for any performance-related pay schemes operated by the company.
10. Oversee the talent management and succession planning matters for executives. EDs should collaborate on this with the NC.
11. Work and liaise, as necessary, with all other Board Committees on any other matters connected with remuneration.

The RC is responsible for ensuring a formal and transparent procedure is in place for fixing the remuneration packages of individual Directors, KMPs and related employees. All aspects of remuneration, including but not limited to, Directors' fees, salaries, allowances, bonuses, awards to be granted under the performance share plan as well as other benefits-in-kind are reviewed by the RC. The recommendations of the RC are submitted for  endorsement  by  the  Board.  Such  frameworks  are  reviewed  periodically  to  ensure  that  the  Directors and KMPs are adequately but not excessively remunerated as compared to industry benchmarks and other comparable companies. The RC also considers and recommends the CEO's remuneration package including fixed salary, guaranteed bonus plus an annual incentive bonus calculated based on the consolidated net profit before tax and extraordinary items.

The RC also ensures that the Independent Non-Executive Directors should not be over-compensated to the extent that their independence may be compromised. Each member of the RC abstains from voting on any resolutions in respect of his own remuneration package. Directors' fees are further subject to the approval of shareholders at the AGM.

The remuneration of related employees is reviewed annually by the RC to ensure that their remuneration packages are in line with the staff remuneration guidelines and commensurate with their respective job scopes and level of responsibilities. Any bonuses, pay increments and/or promotions for these related employees will also be subject to the review and approval of the RC. In the event that a member of the RC is related to the employee under review, he will abstain from participating in the review. The RC also takes into account the current market circumstances and the need to attract and retain experienced/outstanding Directors and KMPs.

Where necessary, the RC will consult external professionals on remuneration matters of Directors and KMPs. For FY2022, the Company did not engage any external remuneration consultants to advise on remuneration matters as the Group deemed not necessary given that the relevant information can be searched through the internet.

## REPORT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

## Level and Mix of Remuneration

Principle  7:  The  level  and  structure  of  remuneration  of  the  Board  and  key  management  personnel  are appropriate and proportionate to the sustained performance and value creation of the company, taking into account the strategic objectives of the company.

## Remuneration Policy of Executive Director and Other Key Management Personnel

The Company's remuneration structure for its EDs and KMPs comprises mixture of three key components (fixed and variable):

- (a) annual fixed salary;
- (b) annual incentive bonus; and
- (c) other incentive.

The annual fixed cash component comprises the annual fixed salary as per the Service Agreements. The annual incentive bonus is calculated based on the Group's audited consolidated profit before taxation subject to the terms and conditions in the Service Agreements.

The Company has entered into separate Service Agreements on 24 March 2020 with the Executive Chairman and CEO, Mr Poh Soon Keng; Executive Director and Chief Operating Officer (Engineering Services), Mr Ng Choon Beng.

Under the Service Agreements, the Company provides for the sole use of the Executive Chairman and CEO, Mr Poh Soon Keng and the Executive Director and Chief Operating Officer (Engineering Services), Mr Ng Choon Beng, one (1) motor car each. Such motor car shall be of such make and model to be approved by the Board and the Company shall also bear the premium for insurance and road tax thereof and shall reimburse the executives for all its running expenses (including car parking expenses, toll charges, petrol, lubrication, maintenance and repairs).

To remain competitive and relevant, the Company aims to benchmark its annual fixed salary at market median with variables being strictly performance driven.

The CEO, being an ED, has a service agreement with the Company with a validity period of three (3) years and subject to renewal after expiry of every three (3) years. There were no onerous removal clauses contained in the service agreement and will be reviewed to reflect the strategic importance to the Group. The review of the service contract of the CEO come under the purview of the RC to ensure fairness and reasonable terms of service is tied with his performance.

Having  reviewed  and  considered  the  salary  components  of  the  EDs  and  the  KMPs  which  is  considered reasonable and commensurate with their respective job scope and level of responsibilities, the RC is of the view that there is no requirement to use contractual provisions to allow the Company to reclaim incentive components of the remuneration paid in prior years in exceptional circumstances of misstatement of financial results,  or  of  misconduct  resulting  in  financial  loss.  The  EDs  owe  a  fiduciary  duty  to  the  Company.  The Company should be able to avail itself to remedies against the EDs in the event of such breach of fiduciary duties.

The remunerations of the Non-Executive and Independent Directors are set out in accordance with a framework comprising a basic Directors' fee, in addition to Board Committees' fees. In determining the quantum of such fees, factors such as frequency of meetings, time spent and responsibilities of Directors are taken into account. The Company believes that the current remuneration of the Independent Directors is at a level that will not compromise the independence of the Directors. Directors' fees are paid subject to approval of shareholders at each Annual General Meeting.

## Long-term Incentive Scheme

The Company has adopted a performance share plan known as the 'Aedge Performance Share Plan' (' PSP ') and a share option scheme known as the 'Aedge Employee Share Option Scheme' (' ESOS '). Both the PSP and ESOS provide eligible participants with an opportunity to participate in the equity of the Company and to motivate them towards better performance through increased dedication and loyalty. Both the PSP and ESOS form an integral and important component of the compensation plan and are designed primarily to reward and retain employees whose services are vital to the growth and performance of the Company and the Group. As the date of this report, no awards have been granted under the PSP and ESOS.

## Disclosure on Remuneration

Principle 8: The Company is transparent on its remuneration policies, level and mix of remuneration, the procedure for setting remuneration, and the relationships between remuneration, performance and value creation.

Details on the remuneration of Directors and KMPs for the year under review are presented below. During FY2022, there was no termination, retirement and post-employment benefits granted to any Director and KMP. A summary of each NEDs' and ED's remuneration paid or payable by the Company for FY2022 is set out below:

| Breakdown of Remuneration in Percentage (%)  Name of Directors  Fees  1  (%)  Salary  2  (%)  Performance  bonus  (%)  Other  benefits  (%)  Total  (%)  Below S$250,000  Mr Poh Soon Keng  -  95.8  -  4.2  100  Mr Foo Der Rong 3  -  100  -  -  100  Mr Hoon Tai Meng  100  -  -  -  100  Mr Teo Joo Huak 4  100  -  -  -  100  Mr Goh Joon Lian  100  -  -  -  100  Mr Ng Choon Beng 5  -  91.3  -  8.7  100  Mr Guok Chin Huat Samuel 6  100  -  -  -  100   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

1. The Directors' Fees are subject to the approval of the shareholders at the AGM
2. The salary amount shown is inclusive of allowances and CPF
3. Mr Foo Der Rong resigned on 14 February 2022
4. Mr Teo Joo Huak resigned on 20 May 2022
5. Mr Ng Choon Beng was appointed on 20 May 2022
6. Mr Guok Chin Huat Samuel was appointed on 20 May 2022

## REPORT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

## Remuneration of Key Management Personnel (Other than the Company's Executive Director)

The table below sets out the remuneration received by key management personnel that the Company considers senior enough and appropriate for disclosure purpose. The ranges of gross remuneration received by the four (4) key management personnel in the Company and its subsidiaries, are presented as follows:

| Name of  4 Key Management  Personnel  Position  Breakdown of Remuneration in Percentage (%)  Salary  1  (%)  Variable  Bonus  (%)  Other  benefits  (%)  Total  (%)  Between S$50,000 to S$250,000  Mr Yeo Mui Hong 2  Chief Operating Officer  (Security &amp; Manpower)  100  -  -  100  Mr Loh Siew Keen  Chief Financial Officer &amp;  Company Secretary  96.3  3.7  -  100  Ms Tan Siew Lan 3  Human Resources and  Administration Director  96.4  3.6  -  100  Ms Tan Ah Hwa 4  Operations Director  (Transport)  92.6  2.2  5.2  100   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

1. The salary amount shown is inclusive of CPF
2. Mr Yeo Mui Hong resigned on 23 January 2022
3. Ms Tan Siew Lan is the spouse of Mr Poh Soon Keng, Executive Director and CEO
4. Ms Tan Ah Hwa is the sister of Ms Tan Siew Lan, sister-in-law of Mr Poh Soon Keng

For  FY2022,  there  are  only  four  (4)  key  management  personnel  of  the  Group,  excluding  the  Executive Directors. In aggregate, the total remuneration (including CPF contribution thereon and bonus) paid to the four (4) key management personnel in financial year ended 30 June 2022 is approximately S$460,000.

Taking into consideration the highly competitive business environment and nature of the industry and in order to maintain confidentiality on the remuneration policies of the Company and sensitivity reasons, the Board is of the view that it is in the best interests of the Company to keep the disclosure of remuneration of each individual Director and key management personnel in salary bands instead of providing full disclosure which may adversely affect talent attraction and retention.

Pursuant to Provision 8.2 of the Code, the details of the remuneration (which comprises salaries, bonuses and benefits-in-kind only) of employee who are immediate family members of a director or the CEO or Substantial Shareholder, and whose remuneration exceeded S$100,000 during the year is disclosed below.

| Name  Family relationship  Designation  Total Remuneration in  Compensation Bands  Tan Ah Hwa  Sister of Tan Siew Lan who is a  Substantial Shareholder  Operations Director  (Transport)  S$100,001 to S$200,000  per annum  Tan Siew Lan  Spouse of Poh Soon Keng, CEO  Human Resources and  Administration Director  S$100,001 to S$200,000  per annum   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  RC  is  of  the  view  that  her  remuneration  is  in  line  with  Company's  staff  remuneration  guidelines  and commensurate with her job scopes and level of responsibilities.

In determining the remuneration of the ED and the KMP, the RC reviewed their respective key performance indicators achievements and assessed their performance for the financial year under review.

## ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

## Risk Management and Internal Controls

## Principle 9: The Board is responsible for the governance of risk and ensures that Management maintains a sound system of risk management and internal controls, to safeguard the interests of the company and its shareholders.

The Board recognises the importance of providing accurate and relevant information on a timely basis. In this respect, the ARC reviews all financial statements and recommends them to the Board for approval. In addition, the ARC ensures that the Company maintains a sound system of internal controls to safeguard the shareholders' investments and the Group's assets as well as to manage potential risks.

In discharging its responsibility of providing accurate relevant information on a timely basis to shareholders in compliance with statutory and regulatory requirements, the Board strives to ensure the timely release of the Group's financial results and that the results provide a balanced and understandable assessment of the Group's performance, position and prospects.

The  Board  takes  steps  to  ensure  compliance  with  legislative  and  regulatory  requirements,  including requirements under the Catalist Rules, where appropriate. The Independent Directors in consultation with Management will request for Management's consideration for the establishment of written policies for any particular matter that is deemed to be essential to form part of management control.

On a quarterly basis, the Management will furnish an overall presentation to the ARC and the Board confirming, inter alia , that the financial processes and controls as well as the integrity of the Group's financial statements are in place, highlighting material financial risks and impacts and providing updates on status of significant financial issues of the Group, if any. During the year, all the unaudited half-yearly and full year results of the Group have been announced within the respective deadlines.

The Management updates the Board on the Group's business activities and financial performance by providing updates on any business, operations and financial related matters on a quarterly basis as well as upon advance request. Such reports compared the Group's actual performance against the approved budget and result of the previous year. They also highlighted key business indicators and major issues that are relevant to the Group's performance from time to time in order for the Board to make a balanced and informed assessment of the Group's performance, position and prospects.

Prior  to  the  release  of  financial  result  to  the  public,  the  Management  will  present  the  Group's  financial performance together with notes explaining in detail the operations and trends to the ARC, which will review and recommend the same to the Board for approval and adopt for the release of the results.

In accordance with the Catalist Rules, the Board has issued negative assurance statements in its half-yearly financial results announcement, confirming to the best of its knowledge that nothing had come to the attention of the Board which might render the financial statements false or misleading in any material aspect.

The Board is responsible for the governance of risk. It ensures that the Management maintains a sound system of  risk  management and internal controls to safeguard shareholders' interests and the Group's assets and should determine the nature and extent of the significant risks which the Board is willing to take in achieving its strategic objectives.

## REPORT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Management is responsible to the Board for the design, implementation and monitoring of the Group's risk management and internal control systems and to provide the Board with a basis to determine the Group's level  of  risk  tolerance  and  risk  policies.  The  Board  acknowledges  that  it  is  responsible  for  reviewing  the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's risk management and internal control systems including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls. The Board also recognises its responsibilities in ensuring a sound system of internal controls to safeguard shareholders' investments and the Group's assets.

In FY2022, the Company engaged Baker Tilly LLP (' BT ') as its internal auditor to the Board and the ARC in their review of the Group's risk management and internal control systems focusing on financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls. The Board believes that adequate internal controls within the Group are crucial to ensure that the Group continues to meet or exceed its standards in all key aspects along with safeguarding the shareholder's interests and the Group's assets through effective risk management.

On an  annual  basis,  the  ARC  reviews  and  reports  to  the  Board  the  Group's  risk  profile,  evaluates  results and counter-measures to mitigate or transfer identified potential risks so as to assure itself and the Board that the process is operating effectively as planned. The Group recognises risk management as a collective effort beginning with the individual subsidiaries and business units, followed by the operating segments and ultimately the management and the Board, working as a team. The process identifies relevant potential risks across the Group's operations with the aim to bring them to within acceptable cost and tolerance parameters.

The Management regularly reviews and updates the Board on the Group's business and operational activities in respect of the key risk control areas including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls  and  continues  to  apply  appropriate  measures  to  control  and  mitigate  these  risks.  All  significant matters are highlighted to the Board and the ARC for further discussion. The Board and the ARC also work with  the  internal  auditors,  external  auditors  and  Management  on  their  recommendations  to  institute  and execute relevant controls with a view to manage such risks.

The Board notes that no cost effective system of internal controls could provide absolute assurance against the occurrence of material errors, losses, fraud or other irregularities. No significant risk on the internal control system was brought to the attention of ARC during FY2022. In view of the above and based on the internal controls established and maintained by the Group, work performed by the internal auditors, statutory audits conducted by the external auditors, and reviews performed by the Management, various board committees and the Board so far, the Board, with the concurrence of the ARC, is of the opinion that the Group's risk management and internal control systems, addressing the financial, operational, compliance and information technology risks, put in place during the financial year were adequate and effective. This is in turn supported by the assurance from the CEO and the CFO (including back-to-back assurance from other key management personnel who are responsible) that (a) the financial records of the Company have been properly maintained and the financial statements prepared in accordance with the relevant accounting standards give a true and fair view of the Company's operations and finances; and (b) an effective risk management and internal control systems have been put in place.

The Board, with the concurrence of the ARC, is of the view that the Company's internal controls (including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls) and risk management systems were adequate and effective in FY2022.

Furthermore,  the  Board  believes  its  responsibility  of  overseeing  the  Group's  risk  management  framework and policies are well supported. The Board will look into the need for establishment of a separate board risk committee at the relevant time.

## Audit and Risk Committee

## Principle 10: The Board has an Audit and Risk Committee which discharges its duties objectively.

The Board recognises the importance of providing accurate and relevant information on a timely basis. To ensure that the corporate governance is effectively practiced, the Board has established self-regulatory and monitoring mechanisms, including the establishment of the ARC to ensure that the Company maintains a sound system of internal controls to safeguard the shareholders' investments and the Group's assets as well as to manage potential risks. The ARC consists of three (3) Independent Non-Executive Directors as follows:

| Mr Hoon Tai Meng, Chairman  (Lead Independent Director)  Mr Goh Joon Lian  (Independent Director)  Mr Guok Chin Huat Samuel  (Independent Director)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Mr Hoon Tai Meng, Mr Goh Joon Lian and Mr Guok Chin Huat Samuel, do not have any existing business or professional relationship with the Group, Directors or substantial shareholders of the Company. None of the ARC members are related to other Directors or substantial shareholders of the Company.

The Board is satisfied  that  the  ARC  members,  collectively,  have  relevant  accounting  and  related  financial management expertise or experience and are appropriately qualified to discharge their responsibilities.

The ARC meets on a quarterly basis and plays a key role in assisting the Board to review significant financial reporting  issues  and  judgments  to  ensure  the  quality  and  integrity  of  the  accounting  reports,  the  audit procedures, internal controls, financial statements and any announcements relating to the Group's financial performance. In FY2022, the ARC held four meetings with full attendance.

The members of the ARC carry out their duties in accordance with a set of written Terms of Reference which includes, mainly, the following:

- (a) reviewing  the  significant  financial  reporting  issues  and  judgements  so  as  to  ensure  the  integrity  of the financial statements of the company and any announcements relating to the company's financial performance;
- (b) reviewing at least annually the adequacy and effectiveness of the company's internal controls and risk management systems;
- (c) reviewing the assurance from the CEO and the CFO on the financial records and financial statements;
- (d) making recommendations to the Board on: (i) the proposals to the shareholders on the appointment and removal of external auditors; and (ii) the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditors;
- (e) reviewing the adequacy, effectiveness, independence, scope and results of the external audit and the company's internal audit function; and
- (f) reviewing the policy and arrangements for concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting or other matters to be safely raised, independently investigated and appropriately followed up on. The company publicly discloses, and clearly communicates to employees, the existence of a whistle-blowing policy and procedures for raising such concerns.

## REPORT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Apart from the duties listed above, the ARC shall commission and review the findings of internal investigations into matters where there is any suspected fraud or irregularity, or failure of internal controls or infringement of any Singapore law, rule or regulation which has or is likely to have a material impact on the Group's operating results and/or financial position. Each member of the ARC shall abstain from voting on any resolutions in respect of matters in which he is interested.

The  ARC  has  oversight  of  the  scope  and  results  of  the  audit  and  its  cost  effectiveness  as  well  as  the independence  and  objectivity  of  the  external  auditors.  The  ARC  has  explicit  authority  to  investigate  any matters relating to the Group's accounting, auditing, internal controls and/or financial practices brought to its attention, full discretion to invite any Director or executive officer to attend its meetings, and reasonable resources to enable it to discharge its functions properly.

The ARC had reviewed transactions falling within the scope of the terms of reference of ARC in respect of the interested person transaction and the Listing Manual of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (' SGX-ST ').

The ARC had reviewed and discussed with the Management for both the half-year and full year financial statements before submission to the Board for its approval. In the process, the ARC reviewed the key areas of management judgement applied for adequate provisioning and disclosure, accounting policies, key audit matters  and  any  significant  changes  made  which  have  a  material  impact  on  the  financials.  The  external auditors also presented their salient features memorandum to the ARC, covering the audit focus areas, key audit matters findings, quality and independence.

The external auditors have unrestricted access to the ARC. The ARC met with the external auditors, without the presence of the Management, and reviewed the overall scope of the external audit and the assistance given by the Management to the auditors.

The ARC had reviewed for any suspected fraud or irregularity, or suspected infringement of any relevant laws, rules or regulations, which has or is likely to have a material impact on the Group's operating results or financial position, and the Management's response.

The  ARC  also  reviewed  the  independence  and  objectivity  of  the  external  auditors  and  has  reviewed  the scope  and  value  of  non-audit  services  provided  to  the  Group  by  the  external  auditors,  Moore  Stephens LLP. The aggregate amount of audit fees paid or payable to the external auditors for FY2022 is S$90,000. No non-audit fee was paid to the external auditors during FY2022. The ARC was satisfied that the nature and extent of such services will not prejudice the independence and objectivity of the external auditors.

The Group has also complied with Rules 712 and 715 of the Catalist Rules in relation to the appointment of its external auditors in respect of FY2022.

The ARC has explicit authority to investigate any matter within its terms of reference. It has full access to, and has had the full co-operation of the Management. It also has full discretion to invite any Director or any member of the Management to attend its meetings or be provided with reasonable resources to enable it to discharge its functions properly.

In  addition  to  the  activities  undertaken  to  fulfill  its  responsibilities,  the  ARC  will  seek  advice  from  the Management, Company Secretary and external auditors in order to keep abreast of the changes in accounting standards and issues, SGX-ST listing rules and other codes and regulations which could have an impact on the Group's business and financial statements.

## REPORT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

In  addition,  there  was  no  former  partner  or  Director  of  the  Company's  existing  auditing  firm  or  auditing corporation is a member of the ARC of the Company: (a) within a period of 2 years commencing on the date of his ceasing to be a partner of the auditing firm or director of the auditing corporation; and in any case (b) for so long as he has any financial interest in the auditing firm or auditing corporation.

## Whistle Blowing Policy

To  encourage  proper  work  ethics  and  eradicate  any  internal  improprieties,  unethical  acts,  malpractices, fraudulent acts, corruption and/or criminal activities in the Group, the Company has implemented a Whistle Blowing  Policy.  The  Whistle  Blowing  Policy  stipulates  the  mechanism  by  which  concerns  about  plausible improprieties  in  matters  of  financial  reporting,  etc.,  may  be  raised.  A  dedicated  secured  e-mail  address (whistleblowing@aedge.com.sg)  allows  whistle  blowers  to  contact  the  ARC  directly.  The  Whistle  Blowing Policy, its procedures and contact details of the ARC have been made available to all employees, and is also posted on the Company's website.

The Company's Whistle Blowing Policy allows not just employees but also external parties to raise concerns and offer reassurance that they will be protected from reprisals or victimisation for whistle blowing in good faith. The policy states that the Company is committed to ensure protection of the identity of the whistleblower as well as protection from detrimental or unfair treatment. The identity of the whistleblower shall be kept in strict confidence, and only made available to the ARC chairman, or the Board Chairman, and those tasked with follow up investigations.

The ARC is overall responsible for the oversight and monitoring of whistleblowing. The ARC meets quarterly to report any whistleblowing reports to the Board. If necessary, the ARC shall form a committee comprising directors,  and/or  senior  management  staff,  who  are  identified  as  having  no  conflict  of  interests  with  the contents  of  the  whistle  blowing  reports,  to  investigate  and  recommend  appropriate  actions.  For  reports relating to serious offences, and/or criminal activities in the Group, the ARC shall seek independent external advice where necessary. Where appropriate or required, a report shall be made to the relevant governmental authorities for further investigation/action.

No whistle-blowing concerns were reported for FY2022.

## Internal Audit

The ARC's responsibilities over the Group's internal controls include reviewing the scope and effectiveness of the overall internal audit system, programmes and various aspects of internal controls and risk management are complemented by the work of the internal auditors.

Baker Tilly LLP (' BT ')  is  engaged  as  independent internal auditor to perform internal audit review on the various business processes of the Group. The Company's internal audit function is independent of the activities it audits. BT is a professional service firm that specialises in the provision of Internal Audit, Enterprise Risk Management and Sustainability Reporting advisory services. The firm was set up in the year 2005 and currently maintains a diverse outsourced internal audit portfolio of SGX-ST listed companies across different industries including  distribution,  manufacturing,  services,  food  &amp;  beverage,  trading,  retail  and  property  development industries. BT is staffed with professionals with relevant qualifications such as the Certified Internal Auditor qualification  with  the  Institute  of  Internal  Auditors.  BT  is  guided  by  the  International  Standards  for  the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing (IIA Standards) issued by the Institute of Internal Auditors in carrying out its work.

## REPORT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The primary reporting line of the internal audit function is to the ARC. The ARC approves the hiring, removal, evaluation and compensation of the internal auditors. By engaging BT as its internal auditors, the ARC believes that BT is independent, effective and adequately resourced to perform internal audit review as BT has received full cooperation from Management.

The internal auditors' carrying out of their audit work is in accordance with the standards set by the Standards for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing set by the Institute of Internal Auditors.

The ARC ensures that Management provides good support to the internal auditors and provides them with access to documents, records, properties and personnel when requested in order for the internal auditors to carry out their work accordingly. The internal auditors also have unrestricted access to the ARC on internal audit matters. The ARC will review internal audit reports of the Group. Any material non-compliance or failures in internal control and recommendations for improvements will be reported to the ARC.

The ARC also convenes a meeting with the internal auditors without the presence of Management to discuss matters relating to the internal audits, at least on an annual basis.

## SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AND ENGAGEMENT

## Shareholders Rights and Conduct of General Meetings

Principle 11: The company treats all shareholders fairly and equitably in order to enable them to exercise shareholders'  rights  and  have  the  opportunity  to  communicate  their  views  on  matters  affecting  the company. The company gives shareholders a balanced and understandable assessment of its performance, position and prospects.

## Engagement with Shareholders

Principle 12: The company communicates regularly with its shareholders and facilitates the participation of shareholders during general meetings and other dialogues to allow shareholders to communicate their views on various matters affecting the company.

## Shareholders Rights

The Company believes in regular, effective and fair communication with members of the investment community and investing public and has adopted a comprehensive policy to provide clear, timely and fair disclosure of information about the Company's business developments and financial performance that could have a material impact on the price or value of its shares.

Shareholders are informed of general meetings through notices published in the Company's announcements via SGXNET as well as through the Company's official website and the reports/circulars sent to all shareholders. Resolutions tabled at general meetings are passed through a process of voting by poll which procedures are clearly explained by the scrutineers at such general meetings.

## REPORT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Constitution of the Company allows an individual shareholder to appoint not more than two proxies to attend and vote on his or her behalf at the general meetings. Member who is a relevant intermediary may appoint more than two proxies to attend, speak and vote at the shareholders' meetings, but each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by such member. Where such member's form of proxy appoints more than two proxies, the number of class of shares in relation to which each proxy has been appointed shall be specified in the form of proxy.

## Conduct of General Meetings

The Group supports and encourages active shareholders' participation at general meetings. The Board believes that general meetings serve as an opportune forum for shareholders to meet the Board and key management personnel, and to interact with them. Information on general meetings is disseminated through notices in the annual reports or circulars sent to all shareholders. The notices are also released via SGXNET and published in local newspapers, as well as posted on the Company's website.

The Company's Constitution allows all shareholders to appoint proxy(ies) to attend general meetings and vote on their behalf. Voting in absentia and by mail electronic mail or facsimile may be possible at the Directors' discretion to approve or implement, subject to the security measures as may be deemed necessary or expedient to  ensure  that  the  integrity  of  the  information  and  authentication  of  the  identity  of  shareholder(s)  is  not compromised. Separate resolutions are tabled on each substantially separate issue at general meetings unless the issues are interdependent and linked so as to form one significant proposal and if such, the explanatory notes are set out in the notices of general meetings to explain the reasons and its material implications. All Directors  including  Chairman  of  the  Board  and  the  respective  Chairman  of  the  Board  Committees,  senior management and the external auditors are invited to be in attendance at general meetings to address any queries of the shareholders. All the directors have attended the annual general meeting (' AGM ') held in 2021. Shareholders are encouraged to meet and communicate with the Board and vote on all resolutions.

The Company Secretary prepares minutes of general meetings that include substantial and pertinent comments from shareholders relating to the agenda of the meetings and responses from Management and the Board, subsequently approved by the Board. Such minutes will be published on its corporate website as soon as practicable and the minutes will record substantial and relevant comments or queries from the shareholders relating to the agenda of the general meeting, and responses from the Board and Management going forward.

The Board acknowledges voting by poll is integral in the enhancement of corporate governance and lead to greater transparency of the level of support for each resolution where shareholders are accorded rights proportionate to the shareholding and all votes counted. To enhance shareholders' participation, the Group puts all resolutions at general meetings to vote either by manual or electronic polling, and announces the results by showing the number of votes cast for and against each resolution and the respective percentage at the general meetings. The results are also announced via SGXNET after the general meetings.

## Engagement with Shareholders

The Group acknowledges the importance of regular communication with shareholders and investors through which shareholders can have an overview of the Group's performance and operation. In line with the continuous disclosure obligations under the Catalist Rules of the SGX-ST and the Singapore Companies Act 1967, the Board has established a policy to inform shareholders promptly of all major developments that may have material impact on the Group.

## REPORT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Board embraces openness and transparency in the conduct of the Group's affairs, whilst safeguarding its commercial interests. Material information on the Group has been released to the public through the Company's announcements via the SGXNET.

The Board ensures that all the Company's shareholders are treated equitably and the rights of all investors, including non-controlling shareholders are protected. Information is communicated to shareholders on a timely basis through the Company's annual report, circulars to shareholders (if any), half-year and full year financial results and the various announcements.

The Company communicates with shareholders and the investing community through the timely release of announcements to the SGX-ST via SGXNET.

Financial results of the Company and the Group are required to be released within 45 days from the half year financial year ended and 60 days from the full year financial year ended during a year.

In addition, the annual report is distributed to shareholders and/or published via SGXNET within the mandatory period before the AGM.

To  further  enhance  its  communication  with  investors,  the  Company  has  enhanced  its  website, www.aedge.com.sg where the public can assess information of the Group directly.

The Group strongly encourages shareholders' participation at the AGM which is held in Singapore. Shareholders are  able  to  proactively  engage  the  Board  and  Management  on  the  Group's  business  activities,  financial performance and other business related matters through dialogue sessions. The Group believes in regular, effective  and  fair  communication  with  shareholders  and  is  committed  to  hearing  shareholders'  views  and addressing their concerns.

The Company does not adopt a fixed dividend rate policy, but it is committed to achieving sustainable income and growth to enhance total shareholder return. The Group aims to balance cash return to shareholders and investment  for  sustaining  growth,  while  aiming  for  an  efficient  capital  structure.  In  considering  the  form, frequency and amount of dividends that the Board may recommend or declare in respect of any particular year or period, the Board takes into account various factors including:

- the results of operations and cash flow;
- the expected financial performance and working capital needs;
- future prospects; and
- capital expenditures and other investment plans;

as well as general economic and business operations in regional basis and other factors deemed relevant by the Board and statutory restrictions on the payment of dividends.

The Company is committed to achieving sustainable income and growth to enhance total shareholder return although it does not have a fixed dividend policy.

The Company has an investor relations policy which establishes the processes and practices of the Company to ensure timely, effective, unbiased and transparent communication with the investing community.

In the forthcoming AGM, the Company shall have a live question-and-answer session where shareholders can pose questions to the Board. In addition, the Company shall also provide an electronic channel through which shareholders may post their questions to the Company before the AGM. The details are specified in the notes to the Notice of Annual General Meeting. The Company shall post the responses on its website and SGXNET. At other times of the year, shareholders may also contact the Company through the enquiry form found on the Company's corporate website.

All  disclosures  and  announcements  submitted  to  the  SGX  via  SGXNET  will  be  made  available  on  Aedge's corporate website. In the unlikely event that information previously undisclosed is made known to the public, the Company will promptly announce the relevant information to the public through SGXNET and the corporate website.

## MANAGING STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIPS

## Engagement with Stakeholders

## Principle 13: The Board adopts an inclusive approach by considering and balancing the needs and interests of material stakeholders, as part of its overall responsibility to ensure that the best interests of the company are served.

The Board recognises the importance in maintaining positive stakeholder relationships, and adopts an inclusive approach in the management and engagement of the Group's stakeholders including customers, investors, regulators and employees.

The Group shall issue its first sustainability report within 4 months from the end of FY2022, i.e., no later than 31 October 2022. The report shall set out the Groups' corporate social responsibility practices and strategy and key areas of focus in relation to the management of stakeholder relationships.

## OTHER CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS

## DEALING IN SECURITIES

## (Rule 1204(19) of the Catalist Rules)

The  Company  has  adopted  an  internal  compliance  code  which  prohibits  dealings  in  the  Securities  of  the Company  by  Directors  and  officers  while  in  possession  of  price-sensitive  information.  The  Company,  its Directors  and  officers  should  not  deal  in  the  Company's  securities  on  short-term  considerations  and  are prohibited  from  dealing  in  the  securities  of  the  Company  during  the  period  beginning  one  month  before the announcement of the half-year and full-year financial results respectively, and ending on the date of the announcement of the results.

The  Company,  Directors,  and  officers  of  the  Group  are  also  required  to  adhere  to  the  provisions  of  the Securities and Futures Act, Companies Act, the Catalist Rules and any other relevant regulations with regard to their securities transactions.

Directors and officers of the Group are also expected to observe the insider-trading laws at all times even when dealing with securities within the permitted trading period.

## REPORT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

## INTERESTED PERSON TRANSACTIONS

(Rule 907 of the Catalist Rules)

As a listed company on the SGX-ST, the Company has taken the following steps to ensure compliance with the requirements of the Chapter 9 of the Listing Manual of SGX-ST in relation to the interested person transactions, including ensuring that interested person transactions are properly reviewed, approved, and conducted on an arm's length basis.

The ARC reviewed the interested persons transactions (' IPTs ') reported by the Management on a quarterly basis. The IPTs are consistently reviewed by the Management and all findings were reported during the ARC meetings.

The ARC has established procedures to ensure that all the IPTs are reported to the ARC on timely basis and the transactions are carried out on normal commercial terms and will not be prejudicial to the interest of the Company and its minority shareholders as well as all the relevant rules under Chapter 9 of the Listing Manual of SGX-ST are complied with. When a potential conflict of interest arises, the Director concerned does not participate in discussions and refrains from exercising any influence over other members of the Board.

The Company did not obtain any general mandate from Shareholders for IPTs pursuant to Rule 920 of the SGX-ST  Listing  Manual  of  the  SGX-ST.  There  were  no  discloseable  IPTs  during  the  financial  year  ended 30 June 2022.

## MATERIAL CONTRACTS

(Rule 1204(8) of the Catalist Rules)

Save for service agreement between the Company and the Executive Directors as disclosed in this report, there were no other material contracts of the Company and its subsidiaries involving the interests of the Executive Chairman or any Director or controlling shareholder, either subsisting at the end of the financial year or if not then subsisting, which were entered into since the end of the previous financial year.

## NON-SPONSOR FEES

(Rule 1204(21) of the Catalist Rules)

There were no non-sponsor fees paid to the Company's continuing sponsor, UOB Kay Hian Private Limited in FY2022.

## CORPORATE DISCLOSURE

The  Company  believes  that  a  high  level  of  disclosure  is  essential  to  enhance  the  standard  of  corporate governance. Hence, the Company is committed to provide a high level of disclosure in all public announcements, press releases and annual reports.

<!-- image -->

- 38 Directors' Statement
- 42 Independent Auditor's Report
- 47 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
- 48 Statements of Financial Position
- 49 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
- 50 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
- 52 Notes to The Financial Statements

## DIRECTORS' STATEMENT

FOR THE  FINANCIAL YEAR  ENDED 30 JUNE 202

The  directors  present  their  statement  to  the  members  together  with  the  audited  consolidated  financial statements of Aedge Group Limited (the 'Company') and its subsidiaries (collectively the 'Group') for the financial year ended 30 June 2022 and the statement of financial position of the Company as at 30 June 2022.

In the opinion of the directors:

- (a) the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  Group  and  the  statement  of  financial  position  of  the Company are properly drawn up so as to give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group and the financial position of the Company as at 30 June 2022 and of the consolidated financial performance, consolidated changes in equity and consolidated cash flows of the Group for the year then ended; and
- (b) at the date of this statement, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they fall due.

## 1 Directors

The directors of the Company in office at the date of this statement are:

| Poh Soon Keng Hoon Tai Meng Goh Joon Lian Ng Choon Beng Guok Chin Huat Samuel  Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Lead Independent Non-Executive Director Independent Non-Executive Director Executive Director (Appointed on 20 May 2022) Independent Non-Executive Director (Appointed on 20 May 2022)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2 Arrangements to Enable Directors to Acquire Shares or Debentures

Neither  at  the  end  of  nor  at  any  time  during  the  financial  year  was  the  Company  a  party  to  any arrangement whose objects are, or one of whose objects is, to enable the directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other corporate body.

## 3 Directors' Interests in Shares or Debentures

According to the register of directors' shareholdings kept by the Company under section 164 of the Singapore Companies Act 1967 (the 'Act'), the directors of the Company who held office at the end of  the  financial  year  had  no  interests  in  the  shares  or  debentures  of  the  Company  and  its  related corporations except as follows:

| Direct interest  Deemed interest  Name of directors  At the  beginning  of year  At the end  of year  As at  21/07/2022  At the  beginning  of year  At the end  of year  As at  21/07/2022  The Company  No. of ordinary shares  Poh Soon Keng  6,681,820  6,681,820  6,681,820  67,500,000  67,500,000  67,500,000  Ng Choon Beng  3,409,090  3,409,090  3,409,090  -  -  -  PTCC Holdings Pte. Ltd.  No. of ordinary shares  Poh Soon Keng  26,700  26,700  26,700  26,700  26,700  26,700   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

By virtue of Section 7 of the Singapore Companies Act 1967, Poh Soon Keng is deemed to have an interest in the shares held by PTCC Holdings Pte. Ltd. in Aedge Group Limited and its subsidiaries.

Except as disclosed in this statement, no director who held office at the end of the financial year had interests in shares or debentures of the Company and its related corporations, either at the beginning of the financial year or at the end of the financial year.

## 4 Share Options

## Options Granted

During the financial year, there were no share options granted to subscribe for unissued shares of the Company or any corporation in the Group.

## Options Exercised

During the financial year, there were no shares issued by virtue of the exercise of options to take up unissued shares of the Company or any corporation in the Group.

## Options Outstanding

As at the end of the financial year, there were no unissued shares of the Company or any corporation in the Group under option.

## 5 Audit and Risk Committee

The Audit and Risk Committee ('ARC') comprises the following directors at the date of this statement:

Hoon Tai Meng (Chairman) Goh Joon Lian Guok Chin Huat Samuel

The ARC carried out its functions in  accordance with Section 201B(5) of the Singapore Companies Act 1967, the Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited ('SGX-ST') and the Code of Corporate Governance and assists the Board of Directors in the execution of its corporate governance responsibilities within its established terms of reference.

The duties of the ARC, amongst other things, include:

- (a) review  the  audit  plans  of  the  internal  and  external  auditors  of  the  Company,  and  review  the internal  auditors'  evaluation  of  the  adequacy  of  the  Group's/Company's  system  of  internal accounting controls  and  the  assistance  given  by  the  Group's/Company's  management  to  the external and internal auditors;
- (b) review  the  half  yearly  announcement  of  financial  statements  and  annual  financial  statements and the auditors' report on the annual consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries before their submission to the Board of Directors;

## DIRECTORS' STATEMENT

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

- (c) review the effectiveness of the Group's/Company's material internal controls, including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls and risk management via reviews carried out by the internal auditors;
- (d) meet with the external and internal auditors, other committees, and management in separate executive sessions to discuss any matters that these groups believe should be discussed privately with the ARC;
- (e) review legal and regulatory matters that may have a material impact on the financial statements, related compliance policies and programs and any reports received from regulators;
- (f) review the cost effectiveness and the independence and objectivity of the external auditors;
- (g) review the nature and extent of non-audit services provided by the external auditors;
- (h) recommend  to  the  Board  of  Directors  the  external  auditors  to  be  nominated,  approve  the compensation of the external auditors and review the scope and results of audit;
- (i) report actions and minutes of the ARC to the Board of Directors with such recommendations as the ARC considers appropriate;
- (j) review interested person transactions in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist of the SGX-ST; and
- (k) undertake such other functions and duties as may be agreed to by the ARC and the Board of Directors.

The  ARC  has  undertaken  a  review  of  the  nature  and  extent  of  non-audit  services  provided  by  the external auditors, and is satisfied that there were no non-audit services rendered that would affect the independence and objectivity of the external auditors.

The  ARC  has  recommended  to  the  Board  of  Directors  that  the  auditors,  Moore  Stephens  LLP,  be nominated for re-appointment as auditors at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting of the Company.

Further details regarding the ARC are disclosed in the Report on Corporate Governance included in the Company's Annual Report.

DIRECTORS' STATEMENT

## 6 Independent Auditors

The  auditors,  Moore  Stephens  LLP,  have  expressed  their  willingness  to  accept  re-appointment  as auditors.

On behalf of the Board of Directors,

## Poh Soon Keng

Director

Singapore

19 September 2022

Ng Choon Beng

Director

## INDEPENDT AUDITOR'S REPORT

TO THE MEMBERS OF AEDGE GROUP LIMITED (INCORPORATED IN SINGAPORE)

## Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements

## Opinion

We  have  audited  the  financial  statements  of  Aedge  Group  Limited  (the  'Company')  and  its  subsidiaries (collectively the 'Group'), which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position of the Group and the statement of financial position of the Company as at 30 June 2022, and the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated  statement  of  changes  in  equity  and  consolidated  statement  of  cash flows of the Group for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements of the Group and the statement of financial position of the Company are properly drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 1967 (the 'Act') and Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) ('SFRS(I)s') so as to give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group and the financial position of the Company as at 30 June 2022 and of the consolidated financial performance, consolidated changes in equity and consolidated cash flows of the Group for the year ended on that date.

## Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Singapore Standards of Auditing ('SSAs'). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority ('ACRA') Code of Professional Conduct and Ethics for Public Accountants and Accounting Entities ('ACRA Code') together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Singapore, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ACRA Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Other Matter

The  financial  statements  for  the  year  ended  30  June  2021  were  audited  by  another  firm  of  auditors  who expressed an unmodified opinion on those statements on 27 September 2021.

## Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

| ## Key Audit Matter  ## How our audit addressed the key audit matter  ## Valuation of property, plant and equipment  We  refer to Notes 4.2(b) and 14 to the consolidated financial statements.  As  at  30  June  2022,  the  Group  has  property, plant  and  equipment  ('PPE')  amounting  to S$9,402,000. The Group carried out a periodic review of the recoverable amounts of PPE. The Group  performed  impairment  assessments  for each  of  the  Cash  Generating  Units  ('CGUs') by  estimating  the  recoverable  amounts  based on  the  value-in-use  method.  The  estimation  of the recoverable amount of the CGUs is a highly judgmental  process  which  requires  estimation of  revenue  growth  rates,  discount  rates  and assumptions.  ## Our response  We  evaluated  whether  the  CGUs  were  appropriately identified by management based on our understanding of  the  current  business  structure  of  the  Group.  We assessed the Group's process for identifying indicators of impairment for each of the CGUs.  We assessed the reasonableness of the key assumptions used  by  management  in  developing  the  cash  flow projections.  This  included  a  comparison  of  rate  of revenue  growth  with  historical  results  and  expected market growth. We also performed our own assessment of the discount rate applied by management.  ## Our findings  We  found  the  identification  of  the  CGUs  and  each CGU's indicators  of  impairment  to  be  reasonable  and appropriate. The key assumptions used for the Group's cash flow projections appears to be within the range of historical results and are aligned with expected market growth  rates.  The  discount  rate  applied  is  within  the range of industry data.  ## Valuation  of  trade  receivables  and  contract assets  We  refer  to  Notes  4.2(a),  19  and  5  to  the consolidated financial statements.  As at 30 June 2022, the carrying amount of the Group's  trade  receivables  and  contract  assets amounted  to  S$3,682,000  and  S$2,217,000 respectively.  The  collectability of trade  receivables  and contract assets is a key element of the Group's working  capital  management,  and  is  managed on an ongoing basis by management. The Group determines  the  expected  credit  loss  ('ECL')  of trade  receivables  by  making  a  debtor-specific assessment  of  expected  impairment  losses  for overdue trade receivables and uses a provision matrix  for  remaining  trade  receivables  and contract  assets  that  is  based  on  the  Group's historical  observed  default  rates,  customers' ability to pay and adjusted with forward-looking information. The  assessment  of  correlation between  historical observed default rates, forecast  economic  conditions  and  expected credit losses require the management  to exercise significant judgement. Accordingly, we determined this as a key audit matter.  ## Our response  We obtained an understanding of the credit policy of the Group and evaluated the process for monitoring of trade receivables and contract assets.  We reviewed the Group's control over the receivables collection  processes,  analysed  the  aging  of  trade receivables  and  reviewed  the  Group's  loss  allowance against  trade  receivables  and  contract  assets  and  its disclosures about the degree of estimation involved in arriving at the expected credit loss.  ## Our findings  We  found  the  estimates  used  by  management  in deriving the expected credit loss model and impairment provision adequate.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

TO THE MEMBERS OF AEDGE GROUP LIMITED (INCORPORATED IN SINGAPORE)

## Other Information

Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the Annual Report, but does not include the financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## Responsibilities of Management and Directors for the Financial Statements

Management  is  responsible  for  the  preparation  of  financial  statements  that  give  a  true  and  fair  view  in accordance with the provisions of the Act and SFRS(I)s, and for devising and maintaining a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide a reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorised use or disposition; and transactions are properly authorised and that they are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of true and fair financial statements and to maintain accountability of assets.

In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors' responsibilities include overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with SSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

* Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is  sufficient  and  appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

* Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that  are  appropriate  in  the  circumstances,  but  not  for  the  purpose  of  expressing  an  opinion  on  the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
* Evaluate  the  appropriateness  of  accounting  policies  used  and  the  reasonableness  of  accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
* Conclude  on  the  appropriateness  of  management's  use  of  the  going  concern  basis  of  accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report.  However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
* Evaluate  the  overall  presentation,  structure  and  content  of  the  financial  statements,  including  the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
* Obtain  sufficient  appropriate  audit  evidence  regarding  the  financial  information  of  the  entities  or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding  independence,  and  to  communicate  with  them  all  relationships  and  other  matters  that  may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in  the  audit  of  the  financial  statements  of  the  current  period  and  are  therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

## INDEPENDT AUDITOR'S REPORT

TO THE MEMBERS OF AEDGE GROUP LIMITED (INCORPORATED IN SINGAPORE)

## Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements

In our opinion, the accounting and other records required by the Act to be kept by the Company and by those subsidiary corporations incorporated in Singapore of which we are the auditors have been properly kept in accordance with the provisions of the Act.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Mr Neo Keng Jin.

## Moore Stephens LLP

Public Accountants and Chartered Accountants

Singapore

19 September 2022

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

| Group  Note  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Revenue  5  20,452  17,879  Cost of sales  6  (18,581)  (15,883)  Gross profit  1,871  1,996  Other income  7  1,681  2,777  Administrative expenses  8  (4,513)  (5,314)  Other expenses  9  (510)  (393)  Results from operating activities  (1,471)  (934)  Finance income  11  12  Finance costs  (139)  (179)  Net finance costs  10  (128)  (167)  Loss before tax  11  (1,599)  (1,101)  Income tax credit  12  160  110  Loss for the year, representing total comprehensive loss for the  year  (1,439)  (991)  Basic and diluted loss per share (cents)  (1.36)  (1.00)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

AS AT 30 JUNE 2022

| Group  Company  Note  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  ASSETS  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  14  9,402  11,015  -  -  Intangible assets  15  11  15  -  -  Investment in subsidiaries  16  -  -  10,680  11,661  Fixed deposits  17  -  146  -  -  9,413  11,176  10,680  11,661  Current assets  Inventories  18  472  261  -  -  Trade and other receivables  19  4,593  5,113  2,297  2,495  Contract assets  5  2,217  292  -  -  Cash and cash equivalents  17  5,580  9,162  513  1,660  12,862  14,828  2,810  4,155  Total assets  22,275  26,004  13,490  15,816  LIABILITIES AND EQUITY  Equity  Share capital  20  14,590  14,590  14,590  14,590  Reserves  21  (445)  2,054  (1,233)  1,098  Total equity  14,145  16,644  13,357  15,688  Non-current liabilities  Loans and borrowings  22  862  1,230  -  -  Lease liabilities  23  62  507  -  -  Deferred tax liabilities  24  504  617  -  -  Provision  25  -  29  -  -  1,428  2,383  -  -  Current liabilities  Loans and borrowings  22  3,654  3,276  -  -  Lease liabilities  23  500  942  -  -  Trade and other payables  26  2,548  2,670  133  128  Current tax liabilities  -  89  -  -  6,702  6,977  133  128  Total liabilities  8,130  9,360  133  128  Total liabilities and equity  22,275  26,004  13,490  15,816   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

| Share  capital  Capital  reserve  Merger  reserve  Retained  earnings  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Group  At 1 July 2020  11,701  200  (8,701)  11,546  14,746  Loss and total comprehensive loss for  the year  -  -  -  (991)  (991)  Transactions with owners' recognised  directly in equity  Contributions by owners  Issuance of ordinary shares  2,889  -  -  -  2,889  At 30 June 2021  14,590  200  (8,701)  10,555  16,644  At 1 July 2021  14,590  200  (8,701)  10,555  16,644  Loss and total comprehensive loss for  the year  -  -  -  (1,439)  (1,439)  Transactions with owners' recognised  directly in equity  Distributions to owners  Dividends declared  -  -  -  (1,060)  (1,060)  At 30 June 2022  14,590  200  (8,701)  8,056  14,145   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

| Group  Note  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Cash flows from operating activities  Loss before tax  (1,599)  (1,101)  Adjustments for:  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  14  2,388  2,199  Amortisation of intangible assets  15  4  4  Reversal of provision of reinstatement cost  (29)  -  Impairment losses on trade receivables, net  19  23  44  Finance income  (11)  (12)  Finance cost  139  179  Loss on disposal/write-off of property, plant and equipment  14  99  13  Operating cash flows before working capital changes  1,014  1,326  Changes in working capital:  Inventories  (211)  (27)  Contract assets  (1,925)  187  Trade and other receivables  497  3,140  Trade and other payables  (122)  25  Cash (used in)/generated from operations  (747)  4,651  Net tax (paid)/refunded  (42)  66  Net cash (used in)/generated from operating activities  (789)  4,717  Cash flows from investing activities  Acquisition of property, plant and equipment  B  (878)  (1,578)  Interest received  11  12  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment  14  64  180  Net cash used in investing activities  (803)  (1,386)  Cash flows from financing activities  Decrease in deposits pledged to financial institution  146  112  Dividends paid  21  (1,060)  (2,000)  Net proceeds from issuance of placement shares  -  2,889  Payment of lease liabilities  A  (982)  (1,504)  Payment in amount due to directors  -  (2)  Proceeds from loans and borrowings  A  1,000  1,500  Payment of loan and borrowings  A  (990)  (561)  Interest paid  (104)  (119)  Net cash (used in)/generated from financing activities  (1,990)  315  Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents  (3,582)  3,646  Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year  9,162  5,516  Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year  17  5,580  9,162   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements

(Cont'd)

## A The reconciliation of movements of the liabilities to cash flows arising from financing activities is presented below:

| Cash flows  Non-cash  changes  Beginning  balance  Proceeds  (Repayments)  Other  changes  Ending  balance  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Group  2022  Loans and borrowings  4,506  1,000  (990)  -  4,516  Lease liabilities  1,449  -  (982)  95*  562  5,955  1,000  (1,972)  95  5,078  2021  Loans and borrowings  3,567  1,500  (561)  -  4,506  Lease liabilities  2,604  -  (1,504)  349*  1,449  6,171  1,500  (2,065)  349  5,955   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Other  changes  include  additional  lease  liabilities  in  relation  to  the  additional  office  lease  agreements  amounting  to S$60,000 (2021: S$289,000) and accretion of interest amounting to S$35,000 (2021: S$60,000).

## B Significant non-cash transaction

During the year ended 30 June 2022, the Group purchased property, plant and equipment amounting to S$938,000 (2021: S$1,867,000) of which S$60,000 (2021: S$289,000) were acquired under lease arrangements.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

These  notes  form  an  integral  part  of  and  should  be  read  in  conjunction  with  the  consolidated  financial statements:

## 1 GENERAL INFORMATION

Aedge Group Limited (the 'Company') is a company incorporated and domiciled in the Republic of Singapore on 3 October 2019 and is listed on the Catalist of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited ('SGX-ST'). The address of the Company's registered office and principal place of business is Block 4009 Ang Mo Kio Avenue 10, Tech Place 1 #04-33, Singapore 569738.

The immediate and ultimate holding company is PTCC Holdings Pte. Ltd., a company incorporated in the Republic of Singapore. The ultimate controlling parties of the Group are Mr. Poh Soon Keng and Ms. Tan Siew Lan.

The principal activities of the Company are those of investment holding. The principal activities of the subsidiaries are described in Note 16.

The consolidated financial statements of the Group and statement of financial position of the Company for the financial year ended 30 June 2022 were approved and authorised for issue in accordance with a resolution of the directors on the date of the Directors' Statement.

## 2 APPLICATION OF SINGAPORE FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (INTERNATIONAL) ('SFRS(I)S')

## (a) Adoption of New and Revised Standards

On 1 July 2021, the Group has adopted the new or amended SFRS(I) and interpretations of SFRS(I) ('INT SFRS(I)') that are mandatory for application in the financial year. Changes to the Group's accounting policies have been made as required, in accordance with the transitional provisions in the Respective SFRS(I) and INT SFRS (I).

The adoption of these new or amended SFRS(I) and INT SFRS (I) did not result in substantial changes to the Group's accounting policies and had no material effect on the amounts reported for the current or prior financial years.

## 2 APPLICATION OF SINGAPORE FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (INTERNATIONAL) ('SFRS(I)S') (Cont'd)

## (b) New and Revised Standards Issued but Not Yet Effective

At  the  date  of  authorisation  of  these  financial  statements,  the  Group  has  not  adopted  the following new and revised standards that have been issued and are relevant to the Group but not yet effective:

| Description  Effective for  annual periods  beginning on or after  Annual Improvements to SFRS(I)s/FRSs Standards 2018-2020  Cycle - SFRS(I)  9 Financial Instruments - Fees in the '10 per cent' test  for derecognition  1 January 2022  Amendments to SFRS(I) 3:  Business Combinations - Reference to the  Conceptual Framework  1 January 2022  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-16:  Property, Plant and Equipment - Proceeds  before Intended Use  1 January 2022  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-37:  Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and  Contingent Assets - Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract  1 January 2022  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1:  Presentation of Financial Statements -  Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current  1 January 2023  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1:  Presentation of Financial Statements and  SFRS(I) Practice Statement 2 - Disclosure of Accounting Policies  1 January 2023  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-8:  Accounting Policies, Changes in  Accounting Estimates and Errors - Definition of Accounting Estimates  1 January 2023  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-12:  Deferred Tax related to Assets and  Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction  1 January 2023  Amendments to SFRS(I) 10 and SFRS(I) 1-28  Investments in Associates  and Joint Ventures - Sale or contribution of assets between an  investor and its associate or joint venture  To be determined   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Directors do not expect that the adoption of these new and revised standards above will have a material impact on the financial statements in the period of initial application.

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## (a) Basis of Preparation

The consolidated financial statements of the Group and the statement of financial position of the Company have been prepared in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 1967 and SFRS(I)s. All financial information presented in Singapore dollars have been rounded to the nearest thousand, unless otherwise stated. The financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except as disclosed in the accounting policies below.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont'd)

## (b) Basis of Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries as at the end of the reporting period. The financial statements of the subsidiaries used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are prepared for the same reporting date as the Company. Consistent accounting policies are applied to like transactions and events in similar circumstances.

All intra-group balances, income and expenses and unrealised gains and losses resulting from intra-group transactions and dividends are eliminated in full.

Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date of acquisition, being the date on which the Group obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.

Losses within a subsidiary are attributed to the non-controlling interest even if that results in a deficit balance.

The  Group  applies  the  acquisition  method  to  account  for  business  combinations  when  the acquired set of activities and assets meets the definition of a business and control is transferred to  the  Group.  In  determining  whether  an  integrated  set  of  activities  and  assets  is  a  business, the Group assesses whether the set of assets and activities acquired includes, at a minimum, an input and substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create output. A business can exist without including all of the inputs and processes needed to create output. The Group has an option to apply a 'fair value concentration test' that permits a simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and assets is not a business. The concentration test  can  be  applied  on  a  transaction-by-transaction  basis.  The  optional  concentration  test  is met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets. If the test is met, the set of activities and assets is determined not to be a business and no further assessment is needed. If the test is not met, or if the Group elects not to apply the test, a detailed assessment must be performed applying the normal requirements in SFRS(I) 3.

## (c) Foreign Currency

## i. Functional and presentation currency

The  financial  statements  are  presented  in  Singapore  dollars  ('S$'),  which  is  also  the Company's functional currency. Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency.

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont'd)

## (c) Foreign Currency (Cont'd)

## ii. Transactions and balances

Transactions in foreign currencies are measured in the respective functional currencies of the Company and its subsidiaries and are recorded on initial recognition in the functional currencies at exchange rates approximating those ruling at the transaction dates. Monetary assets  and  liabilities  denominated  in  foreign  currencies  are  translated  at  the  rate  of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates as at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured.

Exchange  differences  arising  on  the  settlement  of  monetary  items  or  on  translating monetary items at the end of the reporting period are recognised in profit or loss.

## (d) Investments in Subsidiaries

Investments  in  subsidiaries  are  carried  at  cost  less  accumulated  impairment  losses  in  the statement of financial position of the Company.

On disposal of investments in subsidiaries, the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the investments are recognised in profit or loss.

## (e) Revenue Recognition

Revenue is measured based on the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in a contract with a customer and excludes amounts collected on behalf of third parties. The Group recognises revenue when it transfers control of a product or service to a customer.

Revenue  is  recognised  when  the  Group  satisfies  a  performance  obligation  by  transferring  a promised good or service to the customer, which is when the customer obtains control of the good or service.

A performance obligation may be satisfied at a point in time or over time. The amount of revenue recognised is the amount allocated to the satisfied performance obligation.

## Engineering services, transport services and security and manpower services

Revenue from sale of goods and services in the ordinary course of business is recognised when the Group satisfies a performance obligation ('PO') by transferring control of a promised goods or service to the customer. The amount of revenue recognised is the amount of the transaction price allocated to the satisfied PO.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont'd)

## (e) Revenue Recognition (Cont'd)

The transaction price is allocated to each PO in the contract on the basis of the relative standalone selling prices of the promised services. The individual standalone selling price of a service that has not previously been sold on a stand-alone basis, or has a highly variable selling price, is  determined  based  on  the  residual  portion  of  the  transaction  price  after  allocation  of  the transaction price to services with observable stand-alone selling prices. A discount or variable consideration is allocated to one or more, but not all of the POs if it relates to those POs.

Transaction price is the amount of consideration in the contract to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised services. The transaction price may be fixed or variable and is adjusted for the time value of money if the contract includes a significant financing component. Consideration payable to a customer is deducted from the transaction price if the Group does not receive a separate identifiable benefit from the customer. When consideration is variable, the estimated amount is included in the transaction price to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal of the cumulative revenue will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved.

Revenue may be recognised at a point in time or over time following the timing of satisfaction of  the  PO.  If  a  PO  is  satisfied  over  time,  revenue  is  recognised  based  on  the  percentage  of completion reflecting the progress towards the satisfactory completion of that PO.

## (f) Government Grants

Grants  from  the  government  are  recognised  as  a  receivable  at  their  fair  value  when  there  is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received. Government grants receivable are recognised as income over the periods necessary to match them with the related costs which they are intended to compensate, on a systematic basis. Government grants relating to expenses are shown separately under other income in profit or loss.

## (g) Leases

## When the Group is the lessee

At the inception of the contract, the Group assesses if the contract contains a lease. A contract contains a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Reassessment is only required when the terms and conditions of the contract are changed.

The Group recognises right-of-use assets and lease liabilities at the date which the underlying assets become available for use. Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, which comprises the initial  measurement of lease liabilities adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement dates, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of restoration costs, less any lease incentives received. Any initial direct costs that would not have been incurred if the lease had not been obtained are added to the carrying amount of the right-of-use assets.

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont'd)

## (g) Leases (Cont'd)

When the Group is the lessee (Cont'd)

Right-of-use  assets  are  subsequently  depreciated  using  the  straight-line  method  from  the commencement dates to the earlier of the end of the useful lives of the right-of-use assets or the end of the lease terms. The estimated useful lives of right-of-use assets are determined on the same basis as those of property, plant and equipment. In addition, the right-of-use assets are periodically reduced by impairment losses, if any, and adjusted for certain remeasurements of  the  corresponding  lease  liabilities.  The  Group  presents  its  right-of-use  assets  in  'Property, plant and equipment' and lease liabilities as separate line items in the consolidated statement of financial position.

The initial measurement of lease liabilities is measured at the present value of the lease payments discounted using the implicit rate in the lease, if the rate can be readily determined. If that rate cannot be readily determined, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate.

Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liabilities comprise the following:

* Fixed  payments  (including  in-substance  fixed  payments),  less  any  lease  incentives receivables;
* Variable lease payments that are based on an index or rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the commencement date;
* Amounts expected to be payable under residual value guarantees;
* The exercise price of a purchase option if is reasonably certain to exercise the option; and
* Payment  of  penalties  for  terminating  the  lease,  if  the  lease  term  reflects  the  Group exercising that option.

For  contracts  that  contain  both  lease  and  non-lease  components,  the  Group  allocates  the consideration  to  each  lease  component  on  the  basis  of  the  relative  stand-alone  price  of  the lease and non-lease components. The Group has elected not to separate lease and non-lease components for property leases; instead they are accounted for as one single lease component.

Lease liabilities are measured at amortised cost, and are remeasured when:

* There is a change in future lease payments arising from changes in an index or rate;
* There is a change in the Group's assessment of whether it will exercise lease extension and termination options;
* There is a change in the Group's estimate of the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee; or
* There is a modification to the lease term.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont'd)

## (g) Leases (Cont'd)

When the Group is the lessee (Cont'd)

When lease liabilities are remeasured, corresponding adjustments are made against the rightof-use assets. If the carrying amounts of the right-of-use assets have been reduced to zero, the adjustments are recorded in profit or loss. The Group has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that have lease terms of 12 months or less, as well as leases of low value assets, except in the case of sub-lease arrangements. Lease payments relating to these leases are expensed to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

Variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate are included in the measurement of the corresponding right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. Other variable lease payments are recognised in profit or loss when incurred.

## (h) Borrowing Costs

All  borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss using the effective interest method in the period in which they are incurred.

## (i) Employee Benefits

Employee benefits are recognised as an expense, unless the cost qualifies to be capitalised as an asset.

## i. Defined contribution plans

Defined  contribution  plans  are  post-employment  benefit  plans  under  which  the  Group pays fixed contributions into separate entities such as the Central Provident Fund on a mandatory, contractual or voluntary basis. The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions have been paid.

Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans are recognised as an expense when employees have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.

## ii. Employee leave entitlement and other short-term employee benefits

Employee  leave  entitlements  and  other  short-term  employee  benefit  obligations  are measured on an undiscounted basis and are expensed as the related service is provided. A liability is recognised for the amount expected to be paid under accrued salaries and wages if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by the employee, and the obligation can be estimated reliably.

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont'd)

## (j) Income Tax

Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

## i. Current tax

Current income tax for current and prior periods is recognised at the amount expected to be paid to or recovered from the tax authorities, using the tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by reporting date. The Group periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions, where appropriate, on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.

## ii. Deferred tax

Deferred  tax  is  recognised  on  temporary  differences  between  the  carrying  amounts  of assets and liabilities in the financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit.

Deferred  tax  liabilities  are  generally  recognised  for  all  taxable  temporary  differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the  extent  that  it  is  probable  that  taxable  profits  will  be  available  against  which  those deductible temporary differences can be utilised.

Such  deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  are  not  recognised  if  the  temporary  difference arises from goodwill or from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of  other assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments and interests are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will  be  sufficient  taxable  profits  against  which  to  utilise  the  benefits  of  the  temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont'd)

## (j) Income Tax (Cont'd)

## ii. Deferred tax (Cont'd)

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the liability is settled or the asset realised, based on tax rates (and tax  laws)  that  have  been  enacted  or  substantively  enacted  at  the  reporting  date.  The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

The  Group  recognises  a  previously  unrecognised  deferred  tax  asset  to  the  extent  that it has become probable that future taxable profit will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

## iii. Current and deferred tax for the period

Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the current and deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively. Where the current and deferred tax arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is taken into account in the accounting for the business combination.

## (k) Property, Plant and Equipment

## i. Measurement

All items of property, plant and equipment are initially recognised at cost and subsequently carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.

The cost includes its purchase price and any costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management. Dismantlement, removal or restoration costs are included as part of the cost if the obligation for dismantlement, removal or restoration is incurred as a consequence of acquiring or using the property, plant and equipment.

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont'd)

## (k) Property, Plant and Equipment (Cont'd)

## ii. Depreciation

Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost less their residual values over their useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation  method are reviewed at each year end, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

The following useful lives are used in the calculation of depreciation:

| Office and storage space  2 - 3 years  Fixtures and fittings  5 years  Computers  1 - 3 years  Office equipment  5 years  Motor vehicles  5 - 10 years  Machinery and equipment  5 years  Scaffold equipment  10 years  Insulation equipment  10 years  Renovation  3 - 10 years or over leased period, whichever is shorter   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  carrying  amounts  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  are  reviewed  for  impairment when events  or  changes  in  circumstances  indicate  that  the  carrying  value  may  not  be recoverable.

The  residual  value,  useful  life  and  depreciation  method  are  reviewed  at  each  financial year and adjusted as appropriate at each reporting date. The effects of any revision are recognised in profit or loss when the changes arise.

## iii. Subsequent expenditure

Subsequent expenditure related to property, plant and equipment that has been recognised is added to the carrying amount of the asset only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced component is derecognised. All other repairs and maintenance expenses are recognised in profit or loss when incurred.

## iv. Disposal

An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal.

The  gain  or  loss  arising  on  disposal  or  retirement  of  an  item  of  property,  plant  and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont'd)

## (l) Impairment of Non-financial Assets

Finite intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and investments in subsidiaries

Non-financial  assets  other  than  inventories  are  tested  for  impairment  whenever  there  is  any objective evidence or indication that these assets may be impaired.

At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its non-financial assets to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any), on an individual asset.

Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating-unit ('CGU') to which the asset belongs. Where a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be identified, corporate assets are also allocated to individual CGUs, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of CGUs for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be identified.

Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pretax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

If the recoverable amount of an asset (or CGU) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or CGU) is reduced to its recoverable amount.

The  difference  between  the  carrying  amount  and  recoverable  amount  is  recognised  as  an impairment loss in profit or loss. An assessment is made at each reporting date as to whether there is any indication that previously recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased.

Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or CGU) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount  does  not  exceed  the  carrying  amount  that  would  have  been  determined  had  no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or CGU) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont'd)

## (m) Intangible Assets

## i. Measurement

Intangible assets that are acquired by the Group and have finite useful lives are measured at cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses.

## ii. Depreciation

Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortised over the estimated useful lives and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation method are reviewed at least once at each financial year end.

The following useful lives are used in the calculation of amortisation:

## Customer relationships

7 years

Changes  in  the  expected  useful  life  or  the  expected  pattern  of  consumption  of  future economic benefits embodied in the asset is accounted for by changing the amortisation period or method, as appropriate, and are treated as changes in accounting estimates.

The amortisation expense on intangible assets with finite lives is recognised in profit or loss in the expense category consistent with the function of the intangible asset.

## iii. Subsequent expenditure

Subsequent expenditure is capitalised only when it increases the future economic benefits embodied in the specific asset to which it relates. All other expenditure is recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

## iv. Disposal

Gains  or  losses  arising  from  derecognition  of  an  intangible  asset  are  measured  as  the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognised in the profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont'd)

## (n) Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the first-in-first-out  method.  Cost  comprises  the  purchase  price,  including  transport  and  handling costs, and other directly attributable costs of acquisition.

Net realisable  value  is  the  estimated  selling  price  in  the  ordinary  course  of  business,  less  the estimated costs of completion and estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

## (o) Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash  and  cash  equivalents  comprise  cash  on  hand,  fixed  deposits  and  bank  balances  which are  subject  to  an  insignificant  risk  of  change  in  value.  For  the  purpose  of  presentation  in  the consolidated  statement  of  cash  flows,  cash  and  cash  equivalents  consist  of  cash  and  cash equivalents as defined above less pledged fixed deposits.

## (p) Share Capital

Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issuance of  new  ordinary  shares  are  charged  to  equity,  net  of  any  tax  effects.  Income  tax  relating  to transaction  costs  of  an  equity  transaction  is  accounted  for  in  accordance  with  SFRS(I)  1-12 Income taxes.

## (q) Financial Assets

## i. Classification

## Debt instruments

Financial assets that are debt instruments comprise mainly of cash and cash equivalents, trade  and  other  receivables  and  contract  assets.  The  Group  classifies  these  assets  into categories based on the Group's business model for managing them and their contractual cash flow characteristics.

* Financial Assets measured at Amortised Cost (AC) comprise of assets that are held within a business model whose objective is to hold those assets for collection of contractual cash flows, and those contractual cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest.
* Financial  Assets  measured  at  Fair  Value  through  Other  Comprehensive  Income (FVOCI) comprise of assets that are held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling those assets, and those contractual cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest.

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont'd)

## (q) Financial Assets (Cont'd)

- i. Classification (Cont'd)

## Debt instruments (Cont'd)

* Financial Assets measured at Fair Value through Profit and Loss (FVPL) comprise of assets that do not qualify for AC and FVOCI. Assets that would otherwise qualify for AC or FVOCI may also be designated as FVPL upon initial recognition, if such designation  eliminates  or  significantly  reduces  a  measurement  or  recognition inconsistency  that  arises  from  measuring  assets  and  liabilities  on  an  inconsistent basis.

## Equity instruments

Financial  assets  that  are  equity  instruments  comprise  mainly  of  investments  in  equity securities. The Group classifies these assets as FVPL, except for those that the Group has designated as FVOCI. The FVOCI designation is irrevocable, and is not permitted for heldfor-trading financial assets and financial assets that represent contingent consideration in a business combination.

A financial asset is held for trading if:

* it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling it in the near term; or
* on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages together and has evidence of a recent actual pattern of shortterm profit-taking; or
* it is a derivative (except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and effective hedging instrument).

## ii. Initial measurement

Trade  receivables  that  do  not  contain  a  significant  financing  component  are  initially recognised at their transaction price. Other financial assets are initially recognised at fair value, plus, for financial assets that are not at FVPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to their acquisition.

Transaction costs of financial assets at FVPL are expensed in profit and loss.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont'd)

## (q) Financial Assets (Cont'd)

- iii. Subsequent measurement

## Amortised Cost

These assets are  subsequently  measured  at  amortised  cost  using  the  effective  interest method unless they are part of a designated hedging relationship. Impairment losses and reversals, interest income, and foreign exchange gains and losses (except where designated as a hedging instrument) on such assets are recognised in profit and loss. Interest income is based on the effective interest method which allocates interest income over the life of the financial asset based on an effective interest rate that discounts estimated future cash receipts to its gross carrying amount.

## FVOCI

These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Impairment losses and reversals, interest income based on the effective interest method, and foreign exchange gains and losses (except where designated as a hedging instrument) on such assets are recognised in profit and loss. Any remaining fair value movements are recorded in other comprehensive income.

## FVPL

These  assets  are  subsequently  measured  at  fair  value.  All  fair  value  movements  are recorded in profit and loss.

- iv. Impairment

At each reporting date, the Group assesses expected credit losses (ECL) on the following financial instruments:

* Financial assets that are debt instruments measured at AC and FVOCI;
* Contract assets (as defined in SFRS(I) 15); and
* Financial guarantee contracts.

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont'd)

## (q) Financial Assets (Cont'd)

## iv. Impairment (Cont'd)

ECL is a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured at the present  value  of  all  shortfalls  between  the  cash  flows  due  to  the  Group  in  accordance with  contractual  terms,  and  the  cash  flows  that  the  Group  actually  expects  to  receive. ECL is discounted at the effective interest rate of the financial asset. The Group records allowances on financial assets based on either the:

* 12-month  ECL  -  representing  the  ECL  that  results  from  default  events  that  are possible within the 12 months after the reporting date (or the expected life of the instrument if shorter); or
* Lifetime ECL - representing the ECL that results from all possible default events over the expected life of the contract.

## Simplified approach - Trade receivables and contract assets

For  all  trade  receivables  and  contract  assets,  the  Group  adopts  a  simplified  approach whereby  an  allowance  for  lifetime  ECL  is  assessed  upon  initial  recognition.  The  Group estimates lifetime ECL using a provision matrix based on historical credit loss experience, adjusted for various factors including debtor-specific factors, forward-looking information such as industry and economic forecasts, and others as appropriate.

## General approach - All other financial instruments on which ECL assessment is required

For all other financial instruments on which ECL is assessed, an allowance for 12-month ECL is recorded upon initial recognition. The allowance is increased to lifetime ECL if the credit risk at each reporting date has increased significantly as compared to the credit risk at initial recognition. In assessing whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased  significantly  since  initial  recognition,  the  Group  considers  all  reasonable  and supportable information that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort including both historical credit experience and forward-looking information.

The Group regards the following as events of default:

* Events  that  make  it  unlikely  for  the  borrower  to  repay  in  full  unless  the  Group undertakes actions to recover the asset (e.g. by exercising rights over collaterals or other credit enhancements); or
* The financial instrument has become overdue in excess of 1 year.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont'd)

## (q) Financial Assets (Cont'd)

- iv. Impairment (Cont'd)

## Credit-impaired financial instruments

At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial instrument on which ECL assessment is required has become credit-impaired. This is the case when one or more events  have  occurred  that  are  considered  to  be  detrimental  to  the  estimated  future cash flows of the instrument. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

* significant financial difficulty of the borrower;
* a breach of contract such as a default or past due event;
* other lenders granting concessions (such as loan restructurings) to the borrower due to economic or contractual reasons, that would not have been considered in the absence of the borrower's financial difficulty;
* increasing likelihood that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; and
* the disappearance of an active market for the borrower's securities due to financial difficulties.

For credit-impaired financial assets, interest income is determined by applying the effective interest rate to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after deduction of the ECL allowance).

## Write-off policy

The  Group  writes  off  a  financial  asset  when  there  is  information  indicating  that  the counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, such  as  when  the  counterparty  has  been  placed  under  liquidation  or  has  entered  into bankruptcy proceedings. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group's recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. Any recoveries made are recognised in profit and loss.

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont'd)

## (q) Financial Assets (Cont'd)

## v. Recognition and derecognition

Financial  assets  are  recognised  when,  and  only  when  the  Group  becomes  a  party  to its  contractual  provisions.  All  regular  way  purchases  and  sales  of  financial  assets  are recognised on trade-date, which is the date on which the Group commits to purchase or sell the financial asset.

The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another party. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.

On derecognition of a financial asset that is a debt instrument, the difference between the asset's carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit and loss. In addition, for a financial asset that is a debt instrument at FVOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the fair value adjustment reserve is reclassified to profit and loss.

On derecognition  of  an  equity  investment  at  FVPL,  the  difference  between  the  asset's carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit and loss. For equity investments at FVOCI, this difference is instead recognised directly  in  equity  as  part  of  retained  earnings.  Cumulative  gains  and  losses  previously accumulated in equity are also transferred directly to retained earnings upon derecognition of FVOCI equity investments.

## (r) Offsetting of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities

Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is presented in the combined statement of financial position, when and only when, there is a currently enforceable legal right to set off the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont'd)

## (s) Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

The  amount  recognised  as  a  provision  is  the  best  estimate  of  the  consideration  required  to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. Provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The unwinding of the discount is recognised as finance cost.

## (t) Financial Liabilities

## i. Recognition

The Group recognises financial liabilities on its statement of financial position when, and only when, the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instruments.

Financial  liabilities  are  recognised  initially  at  fair  value  plus  transaction  costs  that  are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of the financial liability. All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value (net of transaction costs) and subsequently carried at amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value is recognised in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method. Borrowings are presented as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement for at least twelve months after the reporting period.

## ii. Derecognition

The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group's obligations are  discharged,  cancelled  or  they  have  expired.  The  difference  between  the  carrying amount of a financial liability that has been derecognised and the consideration paid and payable (including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed) is recognised in profit or loss.

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont'd)

## (u) Financial Guarantees

Financial guarantees in the separate financial statements

The Company has issued corporate guarantees to banks for bank borrowings of its subsidiaries. These guarantees are financial guarantees as they require the Company to reimburse the banks if the subsidiaries fail to make principal or interest payments when due in accordance with the terms of the bank borrowings. Intra-group transactions are eliminated on consolidation.

Financial  guarantees  are  measured  initially  at  their  fair  values  plus  transaction  costs  and subsequently measured at the higher of:

* the  amount  initially  recognised  less,  where  appropriate,  cumulative  amount  of  income recognised in accordance with the principles of SFRS(I) 15; and
* the amount of loss allowance determined in accordance with expected credit loss model under SFRS(I) 9.

## (v) Earnings Per Share

The  Group  presents  basic  and  diluted  earnings  per  share  data  for  its  ordinary  shares.  Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company by the weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year, adjusted for own shares held. Diluted earnings per share is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders and the weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding, adjusted for own shares held, for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares, which comprise convertible notes and share options granted to employees.

## (w) Segment Reporting

Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the executive management whose members are responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont'd)

## (x) Related Parties

A related party is defined as follows:

A related party is a person or entity that is related to the entity that is preparing its financial statements (in this Standard referred to as the 'reporting entity').

- a. A person or a close member of that person's family is related to a reporting entity if that person:
- i. has control or joint control over the reporting entity;
- ii. has significant influence over the reporting entity; or
- iii. is a member of the key management personnel of the reporting entity or of a parent of the reporting entity.
- b. An entity is related to a reporting entity if any of the following conditions applies:
- i. the entity and the reporting entity are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others);
- ii. one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member);
- iii. both entities are joint ventures of the same third party;
- iv. one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;
- v. the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the reporting entity or an entity related to the reporting entity. If the reporting entity is itself such a plan, the sponsoring employers are also related to the reporting entity;
- vi. the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);
- vii. a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); or
- viii. the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the reporting entity or to the parent of the reporting entity.

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

In the application of the Group's accounting policies, which are described in Note 3 above, the directors are required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

## 4.1 Critical judgements in applying the accounting policies

Management is of the opinion that in the preparation of the financial statements there are no critical judgements made in the process of applying the Group's accounting policies that have a significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements.

## 4.2 Key sources of estimation uncertainty

The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period are discussed below. The Group based its assumptions and estimates on parameters available when the financial statements were prepared. Existing circumstances and assumptions about future developments, however, may change due to market changes or circumstances arising beyond the control of the Group. Such changes are reflected in the assumptions when they occur.

## (a) Allowance for expected credit losses of trade receivables and contract assets

The  Group  determines  ECLs  and  impairment  of  trade  receivables  by  making  debtor-specific assessments of expected impairment loss for long overdue trade receivables, and by using a provision matrix for the remaining trade receivables and contract assets.

The provision matrix is based on the Group's historical observed default rates. The Group will calibrate the matrix to adjust historical credit loss experience with forward-looking information. At every reporting date, historical default rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed.

The assessment of the correlation between historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions  and  ECLs  is  a  significant  estimate.  The  amount  of  ECLs  is  sensitive  to  changes  in circumstances and forecast economic conditions. The Group's historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may also not be representative of customer actual default in the future. The information about the ECLs on the Group's trade receivables and contract assets is disclosed in Note 19 and Note 5 respectively to the financial statements.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 4 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Cont'd)

## 4.2 Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Cont'd)

## (b) Impairment of property, plant and equipment

Property,  plant  and  equipment  are  reviewed  for  impairment  whenever  there  is  any  indication that the assets may be impaired. If any such indication exists, an impairment assessment will be performed accordingly. The recoverable amount of an asset or group of assets is assessed as the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use.

Management  has  concluded  that  there  was  no  impairment  in  respect  of  the  property,  plant and equipment at the reporting date. The carrying amount of the Group's property, plant and equipment is disclosed in Note 14.

## (c) Impairment of investment in subsidiaries

Investment in subsidiaries is reviewed for impairment whenever there is any indication that the investments may be impaired. If any such indication exists, an impairment assessment will be performed accordingly. The recoverable amount of the investment is assessed as the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use.

The carrying amounts of the investment in subsidiaries and its related allowances for impairment losses are disclosed in Note 16.

## (d) Allowance for slow-moving and obsolete inventories

A review of the realisable value of the inventories is performed periodically for slow-moving, obsolete, and inventories which have declined in net realisable value below cost. An allowance is recorded against the inventory balance for any such declines. These reviews require management to estimate future market demand for the products, pricing competition, environmental regulation requirements  and  age  of  the  inventories.  Possible  changes  in  these  estimates  could  result  in revisions to the valuation of inventories. The carrying amount of the Group's inventories at the end of the reporting period is disclosed in Note 18 to the financial statements.

## 5 REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS

## (a) Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

The Group's revenue is disaggregated by major products and service lines and timing of revenue recognition as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Revenue from contracts with customers  - Engineering services  6,194  6,165  - Transportation services  4,484  5,207  - Security and manpower services  9,774  6,507  20,452  17,879  Major products or service lines  - Rendering of services  20,191  16,406  - Sale of goods  261  1,473  20,452  17,879  Timing of revenue recognition  - Over time  20,191  16,406  - At a point in time  261  1,473  20,452  17,879   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  following  table  provides  information  about  the  nature  and  timing  of  the  satisfaction  of performance obligations in contracts with customers, including significant payment terms, and the related revenue recognition policies:

## Engineering services

| Nature of goods and services  Provision  of  workers  on  contract  or  ad-hoc  basis  for  engineering  services.  Sale  and  installation  of  scaffolding  equipment, insulation and passive fire protection systems.  When revenue is recognised  Revenue from the rendering of services is recognised over  time  based  on  the  percentage  of  completion  reflecting  the  progress  towards  complete  satisfaction  of  that  performance obligation. Revenue from the sales of goods  is recognised at a point in time as the goods are delivered  to the customer.  Significant payment terms  Invoices are payable within 30 days.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 5 REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS (Cont'd)

## (a) Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers (Cont'd)

## Transport services

| Nature of goods and services  Provision of bus services for public premium service routes,  schools, corporates and ad hoc charters.  When revenue is recognised  For  public  bus  transport,  revenue  is  recognised  at  the  end  of  the  ride.  For  other  transport  services,  revenue  is  recognised over the term of the contract.  Significant payment terms  For public bus transport, payment is at the start of each  ride.  For  other  transport  services,  invoices  are  payable  within 30 days.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Security and manpower services

| Nature of goods and services  Provision  of  security  services,  cleaning  services  and  manpower staffing for aviation and other technicians.  When revenue is recognised  Revenue from the rendering of services is recognised over  time  based  on  the  percentage  of  completion  reflecting  the  progress  towards  complete  satisfaction  of  that  performance obligation.  Significant payment terms  Invoices are payable within 30 days.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group does not disaggregate the revenue further as the above are generated in the Singapore market.

## (b) Contract balances

| Group  30 June  1 July  2022  2021  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Contract assets  2,217  292  479   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Contract assets represent the Group's rights to consideration for work completed but not billed at the reporting date. The contract assets are transferred to trade receivables when the rights become unconditional. This usually occurs when invoices are billed to the customer.

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 5 REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS (Cont'd)

## (b) Contract balances (Cont'd)

Significant changes in contract assets balances during the financial year are disclosed as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Contract assets  As at 1 July  292  479  Contract assets reclassified to trade receivables  (292)  (479)  Additional work completed but not billed  2,217  292  As at 30 June  2,217  292   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Management estimates the loss allowance on contract assets at an amount equal to lifetime ECL. None of the contract assets at the end of the reporting period is past due. There has been no change in the estimation techniques or significant assumptions made during the current reporting period in assessing the impairment loss on contract assets.

The Group's credit risk exposure in relation to contract assets are set out in the provision matrix as presented below. The Group's loss allowance is based on past due as the Group's historical credit loss experience does not show significantly different loss patterns for different customer segments.

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Expected credit loss rate  *  *  Contract assets - gross carrying amount (not past due)  2,217  292  Loss allowance - lifetime ECL  -  -  2,217  292   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Insignificant expected credit loss rate

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 6 COST OF SALES

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  2,005  1,881  Direct costs for transportation services  1,277  1,073  Direct costs for security and manpower services  425  352  Direct costs for engineering services (including cost of inventories)  1,490  1,846  Employee benefits expense (see Note 11)  12,183  9,384  Repairs and maintenance  379  366  Subcontractor costs  432  473  Expenses relating to short-term leases (see Note 23)  390  508  18,581  15,883   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7 OTHER INCOME

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Government grants  1,672  2,776  Sundry income  9  1  1,681  2,777   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8 ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Employee benefits expense (see Note 11)  3,629  3,383  Directors' fees  117  63  Expenses relating to short-term leases (see Note 23)  72  66  SGX listing expenses  125  1,302  Others  570  500  4,513  5,314   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 9 OTHER EXPENSES

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  383  315  Amortisation of intangible assets  4  4  Loss on disposal/write off of property, plant and equipment  99  13  Impairment losses on trade receivables, net (see Note 19)  23  44  Others  1  17  510  393   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 10 NET FINANCE COSTS

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Interest income from:  - fixed deposits  4  3  - current account  7  9  Finance income  11  12  Interest expense on:  - lease liabilities  (35)  (60)  - loan and borrowings  (104)  (119)  Finance costs  (139)  (179)  Net finance costs recognised in profit or loss  (128)  (167)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 11 LOSS BEFORE TAX

The following items have been included in arriving at loss before tax:

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Audit fees to auditors of the Company  90  120  Employee benefits expense  Salaries, bonuses and other costs (including directors' remuneration)  14,802  11,857  Contributions to defined contribution plans  1,010  910  15,812  12,767  Employee benefits expense recognised in cost of sales (see Note 6)  12,183  9,384  Employee benefits expense recognised in administrative expenses  (see Note 8)  3,629  3,383  15,812  12,767   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The financial statements of the Group for the years ended 30 June 2022 and 2021 do not include nonaudit fees.

## 12 INCOME TAX CREDIT

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Current income tax:  -  Current year  2  19  -  Over provision in respect of prior years  (49)  (12)  (47)  7  Deferred tax:  -  Deferred tax relating to the reversal of temporary differences  (see Note 24)  (203)  (28)  -  Under/(Over) provision in respect of prior years  90  (89)  (113)  (117)  (160)  (110)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The corporate income tax applicable to the Company and other Singapore incorporated entities of the Group is 17% (2021: 17%).

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 12 INCOME TAX CREDIT (Cont'd)

A reconciliation between income tax and the product of accounting loss multiplied by the Singapore statutory income tax rate of 17% (2021: 17%) for the financial year is as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Loss before tax  (1,599)  (1,101)  Tax at statutory tax rate  (272)  (187)  Non-deductible expenses  53  234  Non-taxable items  (57)  (331)  Deferred tax assets not recognised (see Note 24)  26  275  Tax losses disregarded  49  -  Over provision of current income tax in prior years  (49)  (12)  Under/(Over) provision of deferred tax in prior years  90  (89)  (160)  (110)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13 LOSS PER SHARE, BASIC AND DILUTED

Basic loss per share is calculated by dividing the net loss attributable to equity holders of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year.

The loss and weighted number of ordinary shares used in the calculation of basic loss per share are as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Loss for the year attributable to equity holders of the Company  (1,439)  (991)  Number of  shares  Number of  shares  '000  '000  Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the calculation  of basic loss per share  106,000  98,899   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There is no dilutive loss per share as there were no potential dilutive ordinary shares outstanding at the end of the financial years ended 30 June 2022 and 2021.

Dilutive loss per share is the same as basic loss per share for the financial years ended 30 June 2022 and 2021.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| ## Office and  storage  space  Fixtures  and fittings Computers  Office  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Machinery  and  equipment  Scaffold  equipment  Insulation  equipment Renovation  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Cost  At 1 July 2021  841  35  227  141  16,828  288  2,693  91  271  21,415  Additions  60  7  72  21  39  14  722  -  3  938  Disposals/write-off  (277)  (6)  (2)  (16)  (38)  (4)  (173)  (1)  (26)  (543)  At 30 June 2022  624  36  297  146  16,829  298  3,242  90  248  21,810  At 30 June 2020  552  33  123  132  16,928  249  1,521  92  271  19,901  Additions  289  2  109  12  18  44  1,389  4  -  1,867  Disposals/write-off  -  -  (5)  (3)  (118)  (5)  (217)  (5)  -  (353)  At 30 June 2021  841  35  227  141  16,828  288  2,693  91  271  21,415  Accumulated depreciation  At 1 July 2021  408  27  99  87  9,133  152  303  19  172  10,400  Depreciation charge  273  4  56  21  1,663  38  307  9  17  2,388  Disposals/write-off  (277)  (6)  (1)  (13)  (15)  (4)  (38)  -  (26)  (380)  At 30 June 2022  404  25  154  95  10,781  186  572  28  163  12,408  At 30 June 2020  164  23  82  63  7,575  121  166  11  156  8,361  Depreciation charge  244  4  22  25  1,662  34  183  9  16  2,199  Disposals/write-off  -  -  (5)  (1)  (104)  (3)  (46)  (1)  -  (160)  At 30 June 2021  408  27  99  87  9,133  152  303  19  172  10,400  Carrying amounts  At 1 July 2020  388  10  41  69  9,353  128  1,355  81  115  11,540  At 30 June 2021  433  8  128  54  7,695  136  2,390  72  99  11,015  At 30 June 2022  220  11  143  51  6,048  112  2,670  62  85  9,402   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

14

## 14 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Cont'd)

Property, plant and equipment includes right-of-use assets of S$1,860,000 (2021: S$3,406,000) related to leases office and storage space and motor vehicles as at 30 June 2022.

The  Group  leases  motor  vehicles  under  a  number  of  leases.  The  leased  motor  vehicles  secure  the lease obligations. The net carrying amounts of leased motor vehicles amounted to S$1,640,000 (2021: S$2,973,000) for the year ended 30 June 2022. Details of such leased assets are disclosed in Note 23.

## 15 INTANGIBLE ASSETS

| Group  S$'000  Cost  At 1 July 2020, 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2022  27  Accumulated amortisation  At 1 July 2020  8  Amortisation charge for the year  4  At 30 June 2021  12  Amortisation charge for the year  4  At 30 June 2022  16  Carrying amounts  At 1 July 2020  19  At 30 June 2021  15  At 30 June 2022  11   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 16 INVESTMENT IN SUBSIDIARIES

| Company  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Unquoted equity shares, at cost  14,201  14,201  Less: Allowance for impairment loss  (3,521)  (2,540)  10,680  11,661   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 16 INVESTMENT IN SUBSIDIARIES (Cont'd)

## (a) Composition of the Group

| ## Name of Company (Country of incorporation and place of business)  Principal activities  Effective equity  interest held by  the Group  2022  2021  %  %  Held by the Company:  *  Aedge Holdings Pte. Ltd.  (Singapore)  Provision of transport and  cleaning services  100  100  *  Aedge Technologies Pte. Ltd.  (Singapore)  Provision of engineering  services  100  100  *  Aedge Services Pte. Ltd.  (Singapore)  Provision of security and  manpower services  100  100  Subsidiary of Aedge Technologies Pte Ltd  * SAE Resources and Technologies Pte. Ltd. (Singapore)  Provision of engineering  services; sales of  scaffolding and insulation  equipment  100  100  ## Subsidiary of Aedge Services Pte. Ltd.  * Aedge Global Resources Pte. Ltd. (Singapore) (previously known as Aedge Resources Pte. Ltd.)  Provision of manpower  services  100  100   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Audited by Moore Stephens LLP, Singapore.

## (b) Impairment of subsidiaries

The Company assessed the carrying amount of its investment in subsidiaries for indications of impairment. The recoverable amount of the relevant investment in subsidiaries was estimated using  the  fair  value  less  cost  to  sell  at  the  reporting  date.  The  fair  value  measurement  was estimated  based  on  the  net  asset  value  as  the  assets  and  liabilities  held  by  the  subsidiaries approximate their carrying amounts due to the short period to maturity.

At the reporting date, the Company carried out a review of the recoverable amount of its net investment in subsidiaries that are making losses and are in net liabilities' position. An impairment loss of S$3,521,000 (2021: S$2,540,000) was recognised as at 30 June 2022 to write down these subsidiaries to their recoverable amount. The fair value measurement of the recoverable amount excluding cost of disposal has been categorised as Level 3 on the fair value hierarchy and based on the inputs of the valuation technique used under Note 3(l).

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 16 INVESTMENT IN SUBSIDIARIES (Cont'd)

## (b) Impairment of subsidiaries (Cont'd)

## Valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs

The following table shows the valuation techniques used in measuring the recoverable amount as well as the significant unobservable inputs used.

| Valuation technique  Significant unobservable inputs  ## Inter-relationship between key unobservable inputs and fair value measurement  Asset-based value  approach  Net asset value of subsidiary  The  estimated  fair  value  would increase  (decrease)  if  net  asset value is lower (higher).   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17 FIXED DEPOSITS AND CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Cash on hand  35  24  *  *  Fixed deposits  -  146  -  -  Cash at bank  5,545  9,138  513  1,660  Cash and cash equivalents  5,580  9,308  513  1,660  Presented on the statements of  financial position as:  Fixed deposits (non-current)  -  146  -  -  Cash and cash equivalents (current)  5,580  9,162  513  1,660  5,580  9,308  513  1,660   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Less than S$1,000

During the previous financial year, short-term bank deposits of the Group bear effective interest rates, ranging from 0.35% to 0.60% per annum and have tenures of approximately 30 to 92 days.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 17 FIXED DEPOSITS AND CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (Cont'd)

For the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand and at bank, net of fixed deposits pledged to financial institutions.

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Cash on hand and at bank  5,580  9,308  513  1,660  Less: Fixed deposits pledged  -  (146)  -  -  Cash and cash equivalents  5,580  9,162  513  1,660   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  at  30  June  2021,  fixed  deposits  of  the  Group  amounting  S$146,000  were  pledged  to  financial institutions for banker's guarantee facilities (see Note 22).

## 18 INVENTORIES

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Scaffolding materials  367  261  Insulation materials  105  -  472  261   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year ended 30 June 2022, inventories of S$223,000 (2021: S$820,000) were recognised as an expense during the year and included in 'cost of sales' (see Note 6).

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 19 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Trade receivables:  -  third parties  3,696  4,362  -  -  Impairment losses  (14)  (282)  -  -  3,682  4,080  -  -  Other receivables (non-trade):  -  dividend receivables from  subsidiaries  -  -  2,250  2,250  -  subsidiaries  -  -  -  8  -  grant receivables  364  237  -  200  -  others  -  28  -  -  Deposits  207  312  -  -  4,253  4,657  2,250  2,458  Prepayments  340  456  47  37  4,593  5,113  2,297  2,495   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the ordinary course of business.

The credit period for trade receivables ranges from 30 to 90 days (2021: 30 to 90 days). No interest is charged on the outstanding balances of trade receivables.

The grant receivables relate to cash grants in relation to the gross monthly wages of eligible workers under various temporary wage support schemes as introduced by the Singapore government aimed to help companies retain and pay their workers as businesses take a hit from the COVID-19 pandemic.

Loss allowance for trade receivables is measured at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit losses (ECL). The Group has recognised a loss allowance of 100% against trade receivables over 9 months and  above  past  due  (credit-impaired)  because  historical  experience  has  indicated  that  these  trade receivables are generally not recoverable. There has been no change in the estimation techniques or significant assumptions made during the current reporting period. None of the trade receivables that have been written off is subject to enforcement activities.

For the purpose of impairment assessment for other receivables, the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECL which reflects the low credit risk of the exposures. There has been no change in the estimation techniques or significant assumptions made during the current reporting period in assessing the loss allowance for other receivables and the ECL is not significant.

The Group's and the Company's credit risk exposure in relation to trade receivables are set out in the provision matrix as presented below. The Group's and the Company's loss allowance is based on past due as the Group's and the Company's historical credit loss experience does not show significantly different loss patterns for different customer segments.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 19 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Cont'd)

| Trade receivables past due (days)  Current  1 to 30  days  31 to 90  days  More than  90 days  past due  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  2022  Group  Expected credit loss rate  *  *  *  *  Trade receivables  - gross carrying amount  at default  2,153  679  583  281  3,696  Loss allowance  - credit impaired  -  -  -  (14)  (14)  Loss allowance  - lifetime ECL  -  -  -  -  -  3,682  Company  Expected credit loss rate  *  *  *  *  -  Trade receivables  - gross carrying amount  at default  -  -  -  -  -  Loss allowance  - credit impaired  -  -  -  -  -  Loss allowance  - lifetime ECL  -  -  -  -  -  -  2021  Group  Expected credit loss rate  *  *  *  *  Trade receivables  - gross carrying amount  at default  2,302  423  683  954  4,362  Loss allowance  - credit impaired  -  -  -  (282)  (282)  Loss allowance  - lifetime ECL  -  -  -  -  -  4,080  Company  Expected credit loss rate  *  *  *  *  -  Trade receivables  - gross carrying amount  at default  -  -  -  -  -  Loss allowance  - credit impaired  -  -  -  -  -  Loss allowance  - lifetime ECL  -  -  -  -  -  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* ECL rate considered immaterial.

## 19 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Cont'd)

The movements in allowance for expected credit losses of trade receivables during the financial year are as follows:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  At 1 July  282  274  -  -  Reversal of unutilised amount  (8)*  -*  -  -  Provision for impairment losses  31*  44*  -  -  Receivables written off as uncollectible  (291)  (36)  -  -  At 30 June  14  282  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Net impairment losses on trade receivables of S$23,000 (2021: S$44,000) was recognised during the financial year.

## 20 SHARE CAPITAL

| Group and Company  No of shares  S$'000  '000  Issued and fully paid, with no par value:  At 1 July 2020  11,701  90,000  Issuance of ordinary shares  2,889  16,000  At 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2022  14,590  106,000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as and when declared by the Company. All ordinary shares carry one vote per share without restriction and rank equally with regards to the Company's residual assets.

During the previous financial year, 16,000,000 ordinary shares were issued at a price of S$0.20 per share, on 10 December 2020.

## 21 RESERVES

The reserves of the Group comprise the following balances:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Capital reserve (a)  200  200  -  -  Merger reserve (b)  (8,701)  (8,701)  -  -  Retained earnings (c)  8,056  10,555  (1,233)  1,098  (445)  2,054  (1,233)  1,098   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 21 RESERVES (Cont'd)

- (a) Capital reserve

The capital reserve relates to deemed contribution from the shareholders of the ultimate holding company for the acquisition of a subsidiary.

- (b) Merger reserve

The merger reserve relates to the difference between the consideration paid and the paid-in capital of entities under common control which were acquired by the Group.

- (c) Retained earnings

## Dividends

The following exempt (one-tier) dividends were declared by the Group:

| Group and Company  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Paid to the owners  Final dividend paid in respect of the previous financial year of 1 cent  (2021: nil) per share  1,060  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22 LOANS AND BORROWINGS

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Non-current liabilities  Term loans (secured)  862  1,230  Current liabilities  Term loans (secured)  3,654  3,276  4,516  4,506   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group's term loans are secured by corporate guarantees from the Company (2021: secured by joint and several personal guarantees by a director of the Company, and a director of a subsidiary).

One of the Group's term loans is repayable in monthly instalments between 1 July 2021 to 30 June 2025. Nonetheless, the loan contains a callable clause stating that the bank may at their absolute discretion cancel or withdraw the term loan facility. Accordingly, the Group's term loan with a carrying amount of S$2,283,000 (2021: S$3,006,000) has been classified as current liabilities.

As at 30 June 2022, an outstanding loan amount of S$818,000 of one of the Group's subsidiaries has been classified as current liabilities, as one of the continuing loan conditions has not been met.

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 22 LOANS AND BORROWINGS (Cont'd)

## Term and debt repayment schedule

Terms and conditions of outstanding loans and borrowings are as follow:

| Nominal  interest rate  per annum  Year of  maturity  Face value  Carrying  amount  %  S$'000  S$'000  Group  2022  Term loans  2.5% - 4.5%  2022 - 2027  5,500  4,516  2021  Term loans  2.5%  2022 - 2025  4,506  4,506   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Intra-group financial guarantee

Inter-group financial guarantees comprise guarantees given by the Company to banks in respect of banking facilities granted to two subsidiaries amounting to S$5,500,000 (2021: S$4,500,000) which will expire in 2027. At the reporting date, the Company has not recognised an ECL provision as the ECL amount was lower than the amortised liability for inter-group financial guarantee contracts. The Company does not consider it probable that  a  claim  will  be  made  against  the  Company  under  the guarantees. The carrying amount represented the initial fair value less the cumulative amount of income recognised.

## Banker guarantees facilities

As  at  30  June  2021,  the  Group  had  banker's  guarantee  facilities  amounting  to  S$86,000.  These banker's guarantee facilities were utilized as performance bonds in respect of certain contracts with customers.  The  Group  did  not  consider  it  probable  that  a  claim  would  be  made  against  the  Group under the performance bonds. The Group's banker's guarantee facilities were secured by fixed deposits (see Note 17).

## 23 LEASE LIABILITIES

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Current liabilities  62  507  Non-current liabilities  500  942  562  1,449   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 23 LEASE LIABILITIES (Cont'd)

## When the Group is the lessee

## (a) Nature of the Group's leasing activities

The Group has entered into leases of buildings in respect of its office and storage space and motor vehicles. The leases typically run for a period of 3 years. The Group is prohibited from selling,  pledging  or  sub-leasing  the  underlying  leased  assets,  and  is  required  to  maintain  the assets in good condition.

The Group leases certain motor vehicles under a number of hire purchase arrangements, which are typically runs for a period of 5 years. At the end of the lease term, the Group will acquire the motor vehicles from the lessors. The Group's obligations are secured by the lessors' title to the leased assets for such hire purchases.

The Group leases accommodations with contract terms of one year or less. These leases are short-term  leases  and  the  Group  has  elected  not  to  recognise  right-of-use  assets  and  lease liabilities  for  these  leases.  Some  of  these  accommodation  leases  contain  extension  options exercisable by the Group up to one year before the end of the non-cancellable contract period. The extension options held are exercisable only by the Group and not by the lessors. The Group assessed at lease commencement date and determined that it was not reasonably certain to exercise the extension options. The Group reassesses whether it is reasonably certain to exercise the options if there is a significant event or significant changes in circumstances within its control.

## (b) Details of right-of-use assets classified within Property, Plant and Equipment in Note 14

| Motor  vehicles  Office and  store space  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Balance at 1 July 2021  2,973  433  3,406  Depreciation charge for the year  (290)  (273)  (563)  Additions to right-of-use assets  -  60  60  Acquired at end of lease term  (1,043)  -  (1,043)  Balance at 30 June 2022  1,640  220  1,860  Balance at 1 July 2020  5,593  388  5,981  Depreciation charge for the year  (480)  (244)  (724)  Additions to right-of-use assets  -  289  289  Acquired at end of lease term  (2,140)  -  (2,140)  Balance at 30 June 2021  2,973  433  3,406   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 23 LEASE LIABILITIES (Cont'd)

## When the Group is the lessee (Cont'd)

## (c) Amounts recognised in profit or loss

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Depreciation for the year  - Cost of sales  258  447  - Administrative expenses  305  277  563  724  Expenses relating to short term leases  - Cost of sales  390  508  - Administrative expenses  72  66  462  574  Interest expense on lease liabilities  35  60   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (d) Amounts recognised in statement of cash flows

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Total cash outflow for leases (excluding short term leases)  982  1,504   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 24 DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES

Movements in deferred tax liabilities are as follows:

| At  1 July  2020  Recognised  in profit  or loss  (Note 12)  At  30 June  2021  Recognised  in profit  or loss  (Note 12)  At  30 June  2022  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Property, plant and  equipment  924  199  1,123  (9)  1,114  Intangible assets  4  (1)  3  (1)  2  Lease liabilities  (67)  (8)  (75)  149  74  Tax loss carry forwards  (127)  (307)  (434)  (252)  (686)  734  (117)  617  (113)  504   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 24 DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES (Cont'd)

## Unrecognised tax losses, donations and capital allowances

As  at  30  June  2022,  the  Group  has  deductible  temporary  differences  of  approximately  S$3,000 (2021:  S$1,000),  unutilised  tax  losses  of  approximately  S$336,000  (2021:  S$190,000)  and  capital allowances of approximately S$78,000 (2021: S$78,000) which can be carried forward and used to offset  against  future  taxable  income  of  those  entities  in  the  Group  in  which  the  losses  and  capital allowances arose, subject to the agreement of the tax authorities and compliance with the relevant provisions of the tax legislation of the respective countries in which they operate. The unutilised tax losses have no expiry date.

The deferred tax assets arising from these unutilised tax losses and capital allowances of approximately S$71,000 (2021: S$45,000) have not been recognised in accordance with the Group's accounting policy as disclosed in Note 3(j).

## 25 PROVISION

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  At 1 July  29  29  Reversal of provision charged to profit or loss  (29)  -  At 30 June  -  29   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group's liability to reinstate office premises upon their respective lease expiries is assessed to be not material and reversed.

## 26 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Trade payables:  - third parties (a)  521  680  -  -  - GST payable  223  246  -  -  Customer deposits  82  62  -  -  826  988  -  -  Other payables (non-trade):  - others  61  97  1  47  Deferred income  17  19  -  -  Accrued operating expenses  469  414  132  81  Accrued salaries and wages  1,175  826  -  -  Deferred grant income (b)  -  326  -  -  2,548  2,670  133  128   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 26 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (Cont'd)

- (a) The credit period for trade payables ranges from 30 to 90 days (2021: 30 to 90 days). No interest is charged on the outstanding balances of trade payables.
- (b) The deferred grant income mainly relates to monies received under the Jobs Support Scheme implemented by the Singapore government. The deferred grant income is recognised to the statement of comprehensive income on a systematic basis over the estimated period of economic uncertainty in which the Group recognises the related salary cost.

## 27 COMMITMENTS

## Corporate guarantees

The  corporate  guarantees  executed  by  the  Company  for  certain  subsidiaries  of  the  Group  for  the credit facilities granted as set out in Note 22 have not been recorded at fair value, as in the view of the management, the difference in the interest rates, by comparing the actual rates charged by the banks with these corporate guarantees made available, with the estimated rates that the banks would have charged had those corporate guarantees not been made available, is not material.

## Banker's guarantees

At the reporting date, there are secured bank guarantees provided by certain subsidiaries to:

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Customers of subsidiaries  -  86   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 28 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

In addition to the related party information disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements, the Group entered into transactions with related parties during the financial year, on terms agreed between the parties, as shown below:

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Key management personnel compensation:  The remuneration of executive directors and key management  is as follows:  Directors' fees  117  63  Short-term benefits  859  964  Post-employment benefits (including contribution to defined  contribution plan)  64  80  1,040  1,107  Comprised amounts paid/payable to:  Directors of the Company  600  380  Key management personnel  440  727  1,040  1,107   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 29 SEGMENT INFORMATION

The Group has the following three strategic divisions, which are its reportable segments. These divisions offer different services, and are managed separately. The Group's Chief Executive Officer (the chief operating decision maker) reviews internal management reports of each division at least quarterly. The following summary describes the operations in each of the Group's reportable segments:

## (a) Engineering services

Sale  and  installation  of  scaffolding  equipment,  insulation  and  passive  fire  protection  systems. Provision of workers on contract or ad-hoc basis for engineering services.

## (b) Transportation services

Provision  of  bus  services  for  public  premium  service  routes,  schools,  corporates  and  ad  hoc charters.

## (c) Security and manpower services

Provision of security services, cleaning services and manpower staffing for aviation technicians.

## (d) Others

Others  relate  to  unallocated  amounts  that  includes  provision  of  management,  treasury  and administrative services.

Information  regarding  the  results  of  each  reportable  segment  is  included  below.  Performance  is measured based on segment profit (loss) before tax, as included in the internal management reports that are reviewed by the Group's CEO. Segment profit (loss) is used to measure performance as management believes that such information is the most relevant in evaluating the results of certain segments relative to other entities that operate within these industries.

(Cont'd)

SEGMENT INFORMATION

## (a) Segment revenues and results

The following is an analysis of the Group's revenue and results by reportable operating segments:

| Engineering  services  Transportation  services  Security and  manpower  services  Total for  reportable  segments  Others  Inter-segment  eliminations  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Period ending 30 June 2022  External revenues  6,194  4,484  9,774  20,452  -  -  20,452  Inter-segment revenue  202  21  -  223  -  (223)  -  External cost of sales  (4,523)  (5,101)  (8,957)  (18,581)  -  -  (18,581)  Inter-segment cost of sales  (145)  -  (7)  (152)  -  152  -  Finance income  -  4  7  11  -  -  11  Finance costs  (21)  (52)  (66)  (139)  -  -  (139)  Depreciation of property,  plant and equipment and  amortisation of intangible  assets  (763)  (1,590)  (39)  (2,392)  -  -  (2,392)  Reportable segment profit  before tax  117  (809)  932  240  (1,767)  (72)  (1,599)  Other material non-cash items:  - Loss on disposal of property,  plant and equipment  (86)  -  (13)  (99)  -  -  (99)  - Impairment loss on trade  receivables  (18)  (5)  -  (23)  -  -  (23)  Capital expenditure  845  21  72  938  -  -  938  As at 30 June 2022  Reportable segment assets  7,437  10,491  6,540  24,468  13,658  (15,851)  22,275  Reportable segment liabilities  4,919  2,122  5,781  12,822  321  (5,013)  8,130   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## (a) Segment revenues and results (Cont'd)

The following is an analysis of the Group's revenue and results by reportable operating segments: (Cont'd)

| Engineering  services  Transportation  services  Security and  manpower  services  Total for  reportable  segments  Others  Inter-segment  eliminations  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Period ending 30 June 2021  External revenues  6,165  5,207  6,507  17,879  -  -  17,879  Inter-segment revenue  336  15  29  380  -  (380)  -  External cost of sales  (4,745)  (5,234)  (5,904)  (15,883)  -  -  (15,883)  Inter-segment cost of sales  (352)  -  (28)  (380)  -  380  -  Finance income  -  3  9  12  -  -  12  Finance costs  (18)  (70)  (91)  (179)  -  -  (179)  Depreciation of property,  plant and equipment and  amortisation of intangible  assets  (598)  (1,584)  (21)  (2,203)  -  -  (2,203)  Reportable segment profit  before tax  362  503  719  1,584  (2,681)  (4)  (1,101)  Other material non-cash items:  - (Gain)/Loss on disposal  of property, plant and  equipment  43  (44)  (12)  (13)  -  -  (13)  - Impairment loss on trade  receivables  44  -  -  (44)  -  -  (44)  Capital expenditure  1,478  64  36  1,578  -  -  1,578  As at 30 June 2021  Reportable segment assets  7,398  13,138  6,782  27,318  15,816  (17,130)  26,004  Reportable segment liabilities  4,481  6,066  3,964  14,511  129  (5,280)  9,360   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 29 SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont'd)

## (b) Reconciliations of reportable segment revenues, profit or loss, assets and liabilities and other material items to SFRS(I) measures

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Revenues  Total revenue for reportable segments  20,675  18,259  Elimination of inter-segment revenue  (223)  (380)  Consolidated revenue  20,452  17,879  Cost of sales  Total cost of sales for reportable segments  18,733  16,263  Elimination of inter-segment cost of sales  (152)  (380)  Consolidated cost of sales  18,581  15,883  Profit or loss before tax  Total loss before tax for reportable segments  240  1,584  Elimination of inter-segment profits  (72)  (4)  Unallocated amounts  (1,767)  (2,681)  Consolidated loss before tax from continuing operations  (1,599)  (1,101)  Assets  Total assets for reportable segments  24,468  27,318  Elimination of inter-segment assets  (15,851)  (17,130)  Other unallocated amounts  13,658  15,816  Consolidated total assets  22,275  26,004  Liabilities  Total liabilities for reportable segments  12,822  14,511  Elimination of inter-segment liabilities  (5,013)  (5,280)  Other unallocated amounts  321  129  Consolidated total liabilities  8,130  9,360   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (c) Geographical information

The  engineering  business,  transportation  business  and  security  and  manpower  business  are managed in Singapore.

## (d) Major customers

Revenues from top two (2021: three) customers of the Group's security and manpower business segment represents approximately S$2,466,000 (2021: S$1,892,000) of the Group's total revenues.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 30 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

## i. Capital risk management

The primary objective of the Group's capital management is to ensure it maintains healthy capital ratios in order to continue as going concerns while maximising the return to stakeholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The Group's overall strategy remains unchanged from last year.

The Group is not subject to any significant externally imposed capital requirements.

Management reviews  the  capital  structure  of  the  Group  and  makes  adjustment  to  it,  in  light of  changes  in  economic  conditions.  Management  considers  the  cost  of  capital  and  the  risks associated with each class of capital. The Group monitors capital using the net debt-to-equity ratio. The Group's debt includes all liabilities (excluding current tax liabilities and deferred tax liabilities) less cash and bank balances. Equity includes all capital and reserves of the Group that are managed as capital.

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Net debt  2,046  (654)  Equity  14,145  16,644  Net debt-to-equity ratio  0.14  N.M   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

N.M - Not meaningful as the Group's cash and cash equivalents exceeded its total liabilities.

## ii. Financial risk management objectives and policies

The Group and the Company is exposed to financial risks arising from its operations and the use of financial instruments. The Board of Directors reviews and agrees policies and procedures for the management of these risks. The Audit and Risk Committee provides independent oversight to the effectiveness of the risk management process. These risks include credit risk, interest rate risk  and  liquidity  risk.  The  Group  does  not  enter  into  or  trade  financial  instruments,  including derivative financial instruments, for speculative purposes.

There has been no change to the Group's exposure to these financial risks or the manner in which it manages and measures the risks. The following sections provide details regarding the Group's and the Company's exposure to the above-mentioned financial risks and the objectives, policies and processes for the management of these risks.

## 30 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont'd)

## iii. Credit risk

Credit risk refers to the risk that counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in financial loss to the Group and the Company. In order to minimise credit risk, the Group has adopted a policy of only dealing with creditworthy counterparties as a means of mitigating the risk  of  financial  loss  from  defaults.  The  Group  generally  do  not  require  collateral.  The  Group reviews the recoverable amount of each trade receivable on an individual basis at the end of the reporting period to ensure that adequate loss allowance is made for irrecoverable amounts.

At the reporting date, the Group does not have significant credit risk exposure to any individual customer's balance of trade receivables. The Group's maximum exposure to credit risk arises from the carrying amount of the respective recognised financial assets as present on the consolidated statement  of  financial  position.  The  carrying  amounts  of  financial  assets  and  contract  assets represent the Group's maximum exposures to credit risk. In addition, the Company is exposed to credit risk in relation to financial guarantees given to banks provided by the Company. The Company's maximum exposure in this respect is the maximum amount the Company is liable to pay if the guarantees are called on as disclosed in Note 22.

## Trade receivables and contract assets

The Group's exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each customer. The Group has established a credit policy under which each new customer is analysed individually for creditworthiness before the Group's standard payment and delivery terms and conditions are offered. The Group also performs credit evaluation of the existing customers by taking into account past experience with the customers.

As disclosed in Note 3(q), the Group uses a provision matrix to measure the lifetime expected credit loss allowance for trade receivables and contract assets. In measuring the expected credit losses,  trade  receivables  and  contract  assets  are  grouped  based  on  their  shared  credit  risk characteristics and numbers of days past due. The contract assets have substantially the same risk  characteristics  as  the  trade  receivables  from  the  same  type  of  customers.  Therefore,  the Group has concluded that the expected credit loss rates for trade receivables are a reasonable approximation of the loss rates for the contract assets. Loss rates are estimated based on actual credit loss experience over the past three years. These rates are adjusted to reflect differences between economic conditions during the year over which the historic data has been collected, current conditions and the Group's view of economic conditions over the expected lives of the receivables. The amount of ECLs on non-credit impaired trade receivables was negligible, and ECLs was recognised for credit impaired trade receivables

Further details on the loss allowance of the Group's credit risk exposure in relation to contract assets and trade receivables is disclosed in Notes 5 and 19 respectively.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 30 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont'd)

## iii. Credit risk (Cont'd)

## Cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits and other financial assets

The cash and cash equivalents and fixed deposits are held with bank and financial institution counterparties,  with  sound  credit  ratings.  Other  financial  assets  are  inclusive  of  non-trade receivables, accrued receivables and deposits.

Impairment on cash and cash equivalents, fixed  deposits  and  other  financial  assets  has  been measured on the 12-month expected loss basis. The Group considers its cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits and other financial assets have low credit risk based on the external credit ratings of the counterparties. The amount of the allowance on cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits and other financial assets was negligible.

## Guarantees

The  Group's  policy  is  to  provide  financial  guarantees  only  for  wholly-owned  subsidiaries' liabilities. The Company issued guarantee to certain banks in respect of credit facilities granted to two subsidiaries (see Note 22). These guarantees are subject to the impairment assessment under SFRS(I) 9. The Company has assessed that the subsidiaries have strong financial capacity to  meet  the  contractual  cashflow  obligations  in  the  near  future  and  hence,  does  not  expect significant credit losses from the guarantees. The Company's assessment is based on qualitative and  quantitative  factors  that  are  indicative  of  the  risk  of  default  (including  but  not  limited management accounts and cash flow projections, and applying experienced credit judgement).

## Credit risk grading guideline

The  Group's  dedicated  risk  management  team  management  assesses  and  reports  to  the  key management personnel the default risk of debtors using the following internal credit risk grading system:

| Internal rating grades  Definition  Basis of recognition of  expected credit loss  (ECL)  i.  Performing  The counterparty has a low risk of  default and does not have any past-due  amounts.  12-month ECL  ii.  Under-performing  There has been a significant increase in  credit risk since initial recognition.  Lifetime ECL  (not credit-impaired)  iii.  Non-performing  There is evidence indicating that the  asset is credit-impaired.  Lifetime ECL  (credit impaired)  iv.  Write-off  There is evidence indicating that  there is no reasonable expectation of  recovery as the debtor is in severe  financial difficulty.  Asset is written off   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 30 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont'd)

## iii. Credit risk (Cont'd)

## Credit risk exposure

The credit quality of the Group's financial assets, as well as maximum exposure to credit risk by credit risk rating grades is presented as follows:

| ECL  Gross carrying  amount  Loss  allowance  Net carrying  amount  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Group  2022  Trade receivables  Lifetime ECL  (simplified)  3,682  -  3,682  Trade receivables  Lifetime ECL  (credit impaired)  14  (14)  -  Contract assets  Lifetime ECL  (simplified)  2,217  -  2,217  2021  Trade receivables  Lifetime ECL  (simplified)  4,080  -  4,080  Trade receivables  Lifetime ECL  (credit impaired)  282  (282)  -  Contract assets  Lifetime ECL  (simplified)  292  -  292   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group has applied the simplified approach to measure the loss allowance of trade receivables and contract assets based on lifetime ECL. The details of the loss allowance for these financial assets are disclosed in Notes 19 and 5 respectively.

## iv. Liquidity risk

Liquidity  risk  is  the  risk  that  the  Group  will  encounter  difficulty  in  meeting  the  obligations associated  with  its  financial  liabilities  that  are  settled  by  delivering  cash  or  another  financial asset.  The  Group's  approach to managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Group's reputation.

The Group monitors its liquidity risk and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents deemed adequate  by  management  to  finance  the  Group's  operations  and  to  mitigate  the  effects  of fluctuations in cash flows.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 30 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont'd)

## iv. Liquidity risk (Cont'd)

In addition, the Group maintains the following lines of credit:

- S$200,000 overdraft facility that is secured by a guarantee from the Company. Interest would be payable at the bank's prime rate per annum.
- Term loan facilities amounting to S$5,500,000 with a tenor of five years that is secured by guarantees from the Company, which has been drawn down to meet working capital requirements. Interest would be payable at the rate of 2.5% and 4.5% per annum.

The  table  below  summarises  the  Group's  and  Company's  remaining  contractual  maturities  of financial liabilities, including interest payments.

| Carrying  amount  Contractual  cash flows  Within  1 year  Within  2-5 years  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Group  30 June 2022  Trade and other payables*  1,133  1,133  1,133  -  Loans and borrowings  4,516  4,701  3,814  887  Lease liabilities  562  572  509  63  6,211  6,406  5,456  950  30 June 2021  Trade and other payables*  1,253  1,253  1,253  -  Loans and borrowings  4,506  4,743  3,461  1,282  Lease liabilities  1,449  1,491  977  514  7,208  7,487  5,691  1,796  Carrying  amount  Contractual  cash flows  Within  1 year  Within  2-5 years  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Company  30 June 2022  Trade and other payables*  133  133  133  -  Recognised financial liabilities  133  133  133  -  Intra-group financial guarantee  -  5,500  5,500  -  133  5,633  5,633  -  30 June 2021  Trade and other payables*  128  128  128  -  Recognised financial liabilities  128  128  128  -  Intra-group financial guarantee  -  4,500  4,500  -  128  4,628  4,628  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Excludes GST payable, accrued salaries and wages, deferred income and deferred grant income

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 30 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont'd)

## v. Market risk

Market  risk  is  the  risk  that  changes  in  market  prices,  such  as  interest  rates  will  affect  the Group's  income  or  the  value  of  its  holdings  of  financial  instruments.  The  objective  of  market risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimising the return.

## Interest rate risk

Interest  rate  risk  is  the  risk  that  the  fair  value  or  future  cash  flows  of  the  Group's  and  the Company's financial instruments will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates.

## Exposure to interest rate risk

The Group is exposed to interest rate risk because they obtain credit facilities from banks and financial institutions. The Group's policy is to obtain the most favourable interest rates available. Surplus funds are placed with reputable banks.

The Company is not exposed to interest rate fluctuation risks as the Company does not hold any variable interest-bearing financial instruments.

At the reporting date, the interest rate profile of the Group's interest-bearing financial instruments was as follows:

| Nominal amount  Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Group  Fixed rate instruments  Fixed deposits  -  146  Loans and borrowings  (4,516)  (4,506)  Lease liabilities  (562)  (1,449)  (5,078)  (5,809)  Variable rate instruments  Loans and borrowings  -  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 31 COMPARATIVE FIGURES

## Reclassification

Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior year's financial statements to enhance comparability with current year's financial statements. The reclassification includes the following:

| As reported  previously  Adjustment  As  reclassified  2021  2021  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Statement of Comprehensive Income  Distribution costs  (118)  (118)  -  Administrative expenses  (5,196)  118  (5,314)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STATISTICS OF SHAREHOLDINGS

As at 12 September 2022

Total Number of Issued Shares :

106,000,000 shares

Total Number of Issued Shares (excluding Treasury Shares) :

106,000,000

Class of Shares

:

Ordinary Shares

Voting Rights

:

One Vote Per Share

Number and percentage of treasury shares and subsidiary holdings

:

Nil

## DISTRIBUTION OF SHAREHOLDERS BY SIZE OF SHAREHOLDINGS AS AT 12 SEPTEMBER 2022

| SIZE OF SHAREHOLDINGS  NO. OF  SHAREHOLDERS  %  NO. OF  SHARES  %  1 - 99  0  0.00  0  0  100 - 1,000  34  34.34  30,900  0.03  1,001 - 10,000  19  19.19  84,900  0.08  10,001 - 1,000,000  36  36.37  6,652,200  6.28  1,000,001 AND ABOVE  10  10.10  99,232,000  93.61  TOTAL  99  100.00  106,000,000  100.00   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## TWENTY-ONE LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS AS AT 12 SEPTEMBER 2022

| NO.  SHAREHOLDER'S NAME  NUMBER OF  SHARES HELD  %  1  PTCC HOLDINGS PTE. LTD.  67,500,000  63.68  2  TAN AH HWA  9,000,000  8.49  3  POH SOON KENG  6,681,820  6.30  4  NG CHOON BENG  3,409,090  3.22  5  TAY CHOON WAH  3,409,090  3.22  6  KOH MOI  2,600,600  2.45  7  NG CHOR WEE  2,273,000  2.14  8  POH TZE REN  1,735,400  1.64  9  ONG DAVID  1,500,000  1.42  10  TAN KOCK SING  1,123,000  1.06  11  CGS-CIMB SECURITIES (SINGAPORE) PTE LTD  902,000  0.85  12  CHNG BENG GUAN  500,000  0.47  13  NEO JOHNNY  500,000  0.47  14  TAN KEAN FATT  494,000  0.47  15  LUI SOOK FUN  350,000  0.33  16  TAY PENG TONG  310,100  0.29  17  LIM LEONG FATT  250,000  0.24  18  TAN KEE YONG (CHEN QIYONG)  250,000  0.24  19  TAN KEE YUEN (CHEN QIYUN)  250,000  0.24  20  LIM SZE LIEH LIONEL (LIN SILIE LIONEL)  248,000  0.23  21  TEO HUI LENG (ZHANG HUILING)  248,000  0.23  TOTAL  103,534,100  97.68   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STATISTICS OF SHAREHOLDINGS

As at 12 September 202

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS

Substantial  Shareholders  of  the  Company  (as  recorded  in  the  Register  of  Substantial  Shareholders)  as  at 12 September 2022.

| Direct Interest  Deemed Interest  Name  Number of Shares  %*  Number of Shares  %*  PTCC Holdings Pte. Ltd. (1)  67,500,000  63.7  -  -  Poh Soon Keng (1)  6,681,820  6.3  67,500,000  63.7  Tan Ah Hwa  9,000,000  8.5  -  -  Tan Siew Lan (1)  -  -  67,500,000  63.7  Poh Pei Chi (1)  -  -  67,500,000  63.7   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

- (1) PTCC Holdings Pte. Ltd. is owned by our Executive Chairman and CEO, Mr Poh Soon Keng (26.7%), our Human Resource and Administration Director, Ms Tan Siew Lan (26.7%), Ms Poh Pei Chi (33.3%) and Mr Poh Cher Ying (13.3%). Ms Poh Pei Chi and Mr Poh Cher Ying are the children of Mr Poh Soon Keng and Ms Tan Siew Lan. Mr Poh Soon Keng and Ms Tan Siew Lan are deemed to have a deemed interest in the Shares held by PTCC Holdings Pte. Ltd. in the Company pursuant to Section 7 of the Companies Act.
* Percentages are calculated based on the issued number of shares of the Company of 106,000,000 shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) as at 12 September 2022.

## SHAREHOLDING HELD IN PUBLIC HANDS

As at 12 September 2022, approximately 15.1% of the issued ordinary shares of the Company was held in the hands of the public (on the basis of information available to the Company). Accordingly, the Company had complied with Rule 723 of the Rules of Catalist of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited.

NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

NOTICE  IS  HEREBY  GIVEN  THAT the  Annual  General  Meeting  (' AGM ')  of AEDGE GROUP LIMITED (the ' Company ') will be held at SAFRA Toa Payoh, Level 3, Lorong 6 Toa Payoh, Singapore 319387 on Thursday, 27 October 2022 at 10.30 a.m. to transact the following business

## AS ORDINARY BUSINESS

| 1. To  receive  and  adopt  the  Audited  Financial  Statements  of  the  Company  for  the financial year ended 30 June 2022 together with the Statement of Directors and the Independent Auditor's Report thereon. Resolution 1  2. To approve the payment of Directors' Fees of S$117,000 for the financial year ended 30 June 2022. Resolution 2  3. To re-elect Mr Hoon Tai Meng (Yun Daming), a Director who is retiring pursuant to Regulation 98 of the Company's Constitution. Resolution 3  [See Explanatory Note (i)]  4. To re-elect Mr Ng Choon Beng, a Director who is retiring pursuant to Regulation 102 of the Company's Constitution. Resolution 4  [See Explanatory Note (ii)]  5. To re-elect Mr Guok Chin Huat Samuel, a Director who is retiring pursuant to Regulation 102 of the Company's Constitution. Resolution 5  [See Explanatory Note (iii)]  6. To re-appoint Messrs Moore Stephens LLP as the Auditors of the Company to hold office  until  the  conclusion  of  the  next  AGM  and  to  authorise  the  Directors  of  the Company to fix their remuneration. Resolution 6  ## AS SPECIAL BUSINESS   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolutions, with or without modifications:

## 7 AUTHORITY TO ALLOT AND ISSUE SHARES UNDER THE AEDGE PERFORMANCE SHARE PLAN Resolution 7

'THAT  pursuant  to  Section  161  of  the  Companies  Act  1967  and  the  provisions  of the Aedge Performance Share Plan (' PSP '),  approval be and is hereby given to the Directors of the Company to allot and issue from time to time such number of Shares in the share capital of the Company as may be required to be issued pursuant to the vesting of awards granted under the PSP, provided always that the aggregate number of  additional  ordinary  Shares  to  be  allotted  and  issued  pursuant  to  the  PSP,  when aggregated with the aggregate number of Shares over which options and awards are granted under any other share option schemes or share schemes of the Company, shall not exceed 15% of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) of the Company from time to time.'

[See Explanatory Note (iv)]

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

## 8. AUTHORITY TO ALLOT AND ISSUE SHARES

'THAT pursuant to Section 161 of the Companies Act 1967 and the Rules of Catalist of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (' SGX-ST '),  authority  be  and is  hereby  given  to  the  Directors  of  the  Company  to  (i)  issue  and  allot  new  shares (' Shares ') in the capital of the Company (whether by way of rights, bonus or otherwise); and/or make or grant offers, agreements or options (collectively, ' Instruments ') that might or would require Shares to be issued, including but not limited to the creation and issue of (as well  as  adjustments  to)  warrants,  debentures  or  other  instruments convertible into Shares, at any time and upon such terms and conditions and for such purposes and to such persons as the Directors may, in their absolute discretion, deem fit; and (notwithstanding the authority conferred by this resolution may have ceased to be in force) issue Shares in pursuance of any Instrument made or granted by the Directors while this resolution was in force, provided that:

- (1) the aggregate number of the Shares to be issued pursuant to such authority (including the Shares to be issued in pursuance of Instruments made or granted pursuant  to  such  authority),  does  not  exceed  100%  of  the  total  number  of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company (as calculated in accordance with paragraph (2) below), and provided  further  that  where  shareholders  of  the  Company  (' Shareholders ') are  not  given  the  opportunity  to  participate  in  the  same  on  a  pro-rata  basis (' non pro-rata basis '), then the Shares to be issued under such circumstances (including the Shares to be issued in pursuance of Instruments made or granted pursuant to such authority) shall not exceed 50% of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company (as calculated in accordance with paragraph (2) below);
- (2) (Subject to such manner of calculation as may be prescribed by the SGX-ST) for the purpose of determining the aggregate number of the Shares that may be issued under paragraph (1) above, the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) shall be based on the issued Shares of the Company (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) at the time such authority was conferred, after adjusting for:
3. (a) new Shares  arising  from  the  conversion  or  exercise  of  any  convertible securities;
4. (b) new Shares arising from the exercising of share options or the vesting of  share  awards  which  are  outstanding  or  subsisting  at  the  time  this resolution is passed, provided that the share options or share awards were granted in compliance with Part VIII of Chapter 8 of the Catalist Rules of the SGX-ST; and
5. (c) any subsequent consolidation or subdivision of the Shares;

Resolution 8

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

- (3) in  exercising  the  authority  conferred  by  this  Resolution,  the  Company  shall comply with the requirements imposed by the SGX-ST from time to time and the provisions of the Rules of Catalist of the SGX-ST for the time being in force (in  each  case,  unless  such  compliance  has  been  waived  by  the  SGX-ST),  all applicable legal requirements under the Companies Act and otherwise, and the Constitution of the Company for the time being; and unless revoked or varied by the Company in a general meeting, the authority so conferred shall continue to  be  in  force  until  the  conclusion  of  the  next  annual  general  meeting  of  the Company or the date by which the next annual general meeting of the Company is required by law to be held, whichever is earlier.'

[See Explanatory Note (v)]

## BY ORDER OF THE BOARD

## PAN MI KAEY COMPANY SECRETARY SINGAPORE

## 5 October 2022

## Explanatory Notes:

- (i) Mr Hoon Tai Meng (Yun Daming) (' Mr Hoon '), upon re-election as Director of the Company, remains as the Chairman of the Audit and Risk Committee and Remuneration Committee as well as a member of Nominating Committee. The Board considers Mr Hoon to be independent for the purposes of Rule 704(7) of the Catalist Rules.
- (ii) Mr Ng Choon Beng (' Mr Ng '), upon re-election as Director of the Company, remains as an Executive Director.
- (iii) Mr Guok Chin Huat Samuel (' Mr Guok ') upon re-election as Director of the Company, remains as a member of Audit and Risk Committee and Remuneration Committee. The Board considers Mr Guok to be independent for the purposes of Rule 704(7) of the Catalist Rules.

Detailed information of Mr Hoon, Mr Ng and Mr Guok can be found under the 'Board of Directors' and 'Disclosure of information on directors seeking re-election pursuant to Rule 720(5) of the Catalist Rules' sections in the Company's Annual Report 2022.

- (iv) The proposed ordinary resolution 7, if passed, will empower the Directors of the Company to allot and issue Shares in the Company with the aggregate number of Shares over which options or awards are granted under any other share option schemes or share schemes of our Company, collectively of up to a number not exceeding in total 15% of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the share capital of the Company from time to time pursuant to the grant of share awards under the PSP.
- (v) The proposed ordinary resolution 8, if passed, will empower the Directors of the Company from the date of the above meeting to issue shares in the Company up to an amount not exceeding 100% of the total number of issued shares in the capital of the Company with a sub-limit of 50% other than on a pro-rata basis to shareholders for the time being for such purposes as they consider would be in the interest of the Company. The authority will, unless previously revoked or varied at a general meeting, expire at the next annual general meeting of the Company.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

## Notes:-

1. Printed  copies  of  this  notice  of  AGM  (the  ' Notice ')  will  not  be  sent  to  members.  This  Notice  will  be  published  via  an announcement on the SGX website at the URL https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements and may be accessed at the Company's website at the URL https://www.aedge.com.sg/
2. In view of the guidance note issued by the Singapore Exchange Regulation, a member may ask question relating to the items on the agenda of the AGM by:-
3. (a) submitting question via mail to the Company's registered office at 4009 Ang Mo Kio Avenue 10, #04-33 Tech Place 1, Singapore 569738, or email to agmqueries@aedge.com.sg in advance of the AGM latest by 13 October 2022 at 5.00 p.m. ; or
4. (b) 'live Question and Answer' at the physical AGM.

When sending questions, members should also provide their full name as it appears on the CDP/CPF/SRS records, address, contact number, email address, number of shares in the Company and the manner in which the shares are held in the Company (e.g., via CDP, CPF or SRS) for verification.

Shareholders are encouraged to submit their questions latest by 13 October 2022 at 5.00 p.m. , as this will allow the Company sufficient time to address and respond to these questions on 20 October 2022 after trading hours (at least 72 hours prior to the closing date and time for the lodgment of the proxy forms). The responses will be published on (i) the SGX-ST's website; and (ii) the Company's corporate website.

3. (a) A member of the Company who is entitled to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting and who is not a relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint not more than two (2) proxies to attend and vote in his stead. Where such member appoints more than one (1) proxy, he/she shall specify the proportion of his/her shareholding to be represented by each proxy and if no percentage is specified, the first named proxy shall be deemed to represent 100 per cent of his shareholding and any second named proxy shall he deemed to be an alternate to the first named proxy. If the appointer is a corporation, the proxy must be executed under seal or the hand of its duly authorised officer or attorney.
2. (b) A  member of  the  Company  who  is  entitled  to  attend  and  vote  at  the  Annual  General  Meeting  and  who  is  a  relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint more than two (2) proxies to attend and vote in his stead. Where such member appoints more than one (1) proxy, the number and class of shares in relation to which each proxy has been appointed shall be specified in the form of proxy.
4. A proxy need not be a member of the Company.
5. A member of the Company, which is a corporation, is entitled to appoint its authorised representative or proxy to vote on its behalf.
6. The  instrument  or  form  appointing  a  proxy,  duly  executed,  must  be  deposited  at  the  office  of  the  Company's  Share Registrar,  Tricor  Barbinder  Share  Registration  Services  at  80  Robinson  Road  #11-02,  Singapore  068898  or  email  to sg.is.proxy@sg.tricorglobal.com not less than 72 hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM in order for the proxy to be entitled to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting.

## PERSONAL DATA PRIVACY

By  submitting  an  instrument  appointing  a  proxy(ies)  and/or  representative(s)  to  attend,  speak  and  vote  at  the  Annual  General Meeting and/or any adjournment thereof, a member of the Company (i) consents to the collection, use and disclosure of the member's personal data by the Company (or its agents or service providers) for the purpose of the processing, administration and analysis by the Company (or its agents or service providers) of proxies and representatives appointed for the Annual General Meeting (including any adjournment thereof) and the preparation and compilation of the attendance lists, minutes and other documents relating to the Annual General Meeting (including any adjournment thereof), and in order for the Company (or its agents or service providers) to comply with any applicable laws, listing rules, regulations and/or guidelines (collectively, the ' Purposes '), (ii) warrants that where the  member  discloses  the  personal  data  of  the  member's  proxy(ies)  and/or  representative(s)  to  the  Company  (or  its  agents  or service providers), the member has obtained the prior consent of such proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) for the collection, use and disclosure by the Company (or its agents or service providers) of the personal data of such proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) for the Purposes, and (iii) agrees that the member will indemnify the Company in respect of any penalties, liabilities, claims, demands, losses and damages as a result of the member's breach of warranty.

DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION PURSUANT TO RULE 720(5) OF THE RULES OF CATALIST OF THE SGX-ST (THE ' CATALIST RULES ')

## DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION PURSUANT TO RULE 720(5) OF THE RULES OF CATALIST OF THE SGX-ST (THE 'CATALIST RULES')

Mr Hoon Tai Meng (Yun Daming), Mr Ng Choon Beng and Mr Guok Chin Huat Samuel, are the Directors seeking re-election at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting of the Company to be convened on 27 October 2022 (' AGM ') (the ' Retiring Director ').

Pursuant to Rule 720(5) of the Catalist Rules, the information relating to the Retiring Director as set out in Appendix 7F to the Catalist Rules are as follows:

## a) Mr Hoon Tai Meng (Yun Daming)

| Date of Appointment  24 March 2020  Date of last re-appointment  16 October 2020  Age  71  Country of principal residence  Singapore  The  Board's  comments  on  this  appointment  (including rationale, selection criteria, board diversity  considerations,  and  the  search  and  nomination  process)  The re-election of Mr Hoon Tai Meng (Yun Daming)  as  the  Independent  Non-Executive  Director  was  recommended  by  the  NC,  and  the  Board  has  accepted  the  recommendation,  after  taking  into  consideration  his  qualifications,  expertise,  past  experience  and  overall  contribution  since  he  was  appointed as a Director of the Company.  Whether  appointment  is  executive,  and  if  so,  the  area of responsibility  Non-Executive  Job Title  Chairman  of  the  Audit  and  Risk  Committee  and  Remuneration  Committee  as  well  as  a  member  of  Nominating Committee  Professional qualifications  1.  Bachelor  of  Commerce  (Accountancy)  from  Nanyang University  2.  Bachelor of Laws (Hons) from the University of  London  3.  Chartered Accountant (Singapore)  4.  Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Management  Accountants FCMA (UK)  5.  Fellow of the Association of Chartered Certified  Accountants FCCA (UK)  6.  Chartered Global Management Accountant CGMA  and  7.  Barrister-at-law (Middle Temple)  Working  experience  and  occupation(s)  during  the  past 10 years  Senior consultant at RHTLaw Asia LLP  Executive director of Chip Eng Seng Corporation Ltd  Shareholding  interest  in  the  listed  issuer  and  its  subsidiaries  Nil  Any  relationship  (including  immediate  family  relationships)  with  any  existing  director,  existing  executive  officer,  the  issuer  and/or  substantial  shareholder  of  the  listed  issuer  or  of  any  of  its  principal subsidiaries  No   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION PURSUANT TO RULE 720(5) OF THE RULES OF CATALIST OF THE SGX-ST (THE ' CATALIST RULES ')

## DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION PURSUANT TO RULE 720(5) OF THE RULES OF CATALIST OF THE SGX-ST (THE 'CATALIST RULES')

| Conflict  of  Interest  (including  any  competing  business)  No  Undertaking (in the format set out in Appendix 7H)  under Rule 720(1) has been submitted to the listed  issuer  Yes  Other Principal Commitments Including Directorships  Past (for the last 5 years):  1.  Chip Eng Seng Corporation Ltd &amp; its Subsidiary  Companies  2.  Pavillon Holdings Ltd  3.  Cocoaorient Pte Ltd  4.  Koufu Group Ltd  5.  Sin Ghee Huat Holdings Ltd  Present  1.  RHTLaw Asia LLP (Senior Consultant)  2.  Federal International (2000) Ltd  3.  Hock Lian Seng Holdings Ltd  4.  Spindex Industries Ltd  5.  Ee Hoe Hean Club  a)  Whether at any time during the last 10 years, an  application  or  a  petition  under  any  bankruptcy  law  of  any  jurisdiction  was  filed  against  him  or  against a partnership of which he was a partner  at the time when he was a partner or at any time  within 2 years from the date he ceased to be a  partner?  No  b)  Whether  at  any  time  during  the  last  10  years,  an  application  or  a  petition  under  any  law  of  any jurisdiction  was  filed  against  an  entity  (not  being a partnership) of which he was a director  or  an  equivalent  person  or  a  key  executive,  at  the time when he was a director or an equivalent  person or a key executive of that entity or at any  time within 2 years from the date he ceased to  be  a  director  or  an  equivalent  person  or  a  key  executive  of  that  entity,  for  the  winding  up  or  dissolution of that entity or, where that entity is  the trustee of a business trust, that business trust,  on the ground of insolvency?  No  c)  Whether there is any unsatisfied judgment against  him?  No  d)  Whether  he  has  ever  been  convicted  of  any  offence,  in  Singapore  or  elsewhere,  involving  fraud  or  dishonesty  which  is  punishable  with  imprisonment,  or  has  been  the  subject  of  any  criminal  proceedings  (including  any  pending  criminal  proceedings  of  which  he  is  aware)  for  such purpose?  No   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION PURSUANT TO RULE 720(5) OF THE RULES OF CATALIST OF THE SGX-ST (THE ' CATALIST RULES ')

| e)  Whether  he  has  ever  been  convicted  of  any  offence,  in  Singapore  or  elsewhere,  involving  a  breach  of  any  law  or  regulatory  requirement  that relates to the securities or futures industry  in  Singapore  or  elsewhere,  or  has  been  the  subject  of  any  criminal  proceedings  (including  any pending criminal proceedings of which he is  aware) for such breach?  No  f)   Whether  at  any  time  during  the  last  10  years,  judgment has been entered against him in any civil  proceedings in Singapore or elsewhere involving  a  breach  of  any  law  or  regulatory  requirement  that relates to the securities or futures industry  in Singapore or elsewhere, or a finding of fraud,  misrepresentation  or  dishonesty  on  his  part,  or  he has been the subject of any civil proceedings  (including any pending civil proceedings of which  he  is  aware)  involving  an  allegation  of  fraud,  misrepresentation or dishonesty on his part?  No  g)  Whether he has ever been convicted in Singapore  or  elsewhere of any offence in connection with  the  formation  or  management  of  any  entity  or  business trust?  No  h)  Whether  he  has  ever  been  disqualified  from  acting  as  a  director  or  an  equivalent  person  of  any  entity  (including  the  trustee  of  a  business  trust), or from taking part directly or indirectly in  the management of any entity or business trust?  No  i)   Whether  he  has  ever  been  the  subject  of  any  order, judgment or ruling of any court, tribunal or  governmental body, permanently or temporarily  enjoining  him  from  engaging  in  any  type  of  business practice or activity?  No  j)   Whether  he  has  ever,  to  his  knowledge,  been  concerned with the management or conduct, in  Singapore or elsewhere, of the affairs of:  No  i.  any corporation which has been investigated  for  a  breach  of  any  law  or  regulatory  requirement  governing  corporations  in  Singapore or elsewhere; or  ii.  any  entity  (not  being  a  corporation)  which  has been investigated for a breach of any law  or  regulatory  requirement  governing  such  entities in Singapore or elsewhere; or   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEKING RE-LCTION PURSUANT TO RULE 720(5) OF THE RULES OF CATALIST OF THE SGX-ST (THE ' CATALIST RULES ')

## DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-LCTION PURSUANT TO RULE 720(5) OF THE RULES OF CATALIST OF THE SGX-ST (THE 'CATALIST RULES')

| iii.  any business trust which has been investigated  for  a  breach  of  any  law  or  regulatory  requirement  governing  business  trusts  in  Singapore or elsewhere; or  iv.  any  entity  or  business  trust  which  has  been  investigated  for  a  breach  of  any  law  or  regulatory  requirement  that  relates  to  the  securities or futures industry in Singapore or  elsewhere  in connection with any matter occurring or arising  during  that  period  when  he  was  so  concerned  with the entity or business trust?  k)  Whether he has been the subject of any current or  past investigation or disciplinary proceedings, or  has been reprimanded or issued any warning, by  the Monetary Authority of Singapore or any other  regulatory authority, exchange, professional body  or government agency, whether in Singapore or  elsewhere?  No   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| ## Disclosure applicable to the appointment of Director only  Any  prior  experience  as  a  director  of  a  listed  company?  If yes, please provide details of prior experience.  If no, please state if the director has attended or will  be attending training on the roles and responsibilities  of a director of a listed issuer as prescribed by the  Exchange.  Please provide details of relevant experience and the  nominating committee's reasons for not requiring the  director  to  undergo  training  as  prescribed  by  the  Exchange (if applicable).  N.A.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## b) Mr Ng Choon Beng

| Date of Appointment  20 May 2022  Date of last re-appointment  N.A.  Age  57  Country of principal residence  Singapore  The  Board's  comments  on  this  appointment  (including rationale, selection criteria, board diversity  considerations,  and  the  search  and  nomination  process)  The  re-election  of  Mr  Ng  Choon  Beng  as  the  Executive Director was recommended by the NC, and  the Board has accepted the recommendation, after  taking into consideration his qualifications, expertise,  past  experience  and  overall  contribution  since  he  was appointed as a Director of the Company.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION PURSUANT TO RULE 720(5) OF THE RULES OF CATALIST OF THE SGX-ST (THE ' CATALIST RULES ')

| Whether  appointment  is  executive,  and  if  so,  the  area of responsibility  Executive, oversees the management and operations  of the Group's engineering services business segment  Job Title  Executive Director  Professional qualifications  1.  Master  Degree  in  Business  Administration  from  Newcastle Upon Tyne University, UK  2.  Bachelor  of  Engineering  (Honours)  in  Civil  Engineering  from  Newcastle  Upon  Tyne  University, UK  3.  Chartered Diploma in Marketing from Chartered  Institute of Marketing, UK  4.  Diploma  in  Civil  Engineering  from  Singapore  Polytechnic  Working  experience  and  occupation(s)  during  the  past 10 years  1.  Chief  Operating  Officer,  Engineering,  Aedge  Technologies Pte Ltd (2017 to Current)  2.  Director, SAE Resources &amp; Technologies Pte Ltd  (2015 to Current)  3.  Regional Business Development Director (2011 to  2015), Harsco Infrastructure Singapore Pte Ltd  Shareholding  interest  in  the  listed  issuer  and  its  subsidiaries  3,409,090  Any  relationship  (including  immediate  family  relationships)  with  any  existing  director,  existing  executive  officer,  the  issuer  and/or  substantial  shareholder  of  the  listed  issuer  or  of  any  of  its  principal subsidiaries  No  Conflict  of  Interest  (including  any  competing  business)  No  Undertaking (in the format set out in Appendix 7H)  under Rule 720(1) has been submitted to the listed  issuer  Yes  Other Principal Commitments Including Directorships  Past (for the last 5 years):  Present:  Nil  Nil  a)  Whether at any time during the last 10 years, an  application  or  a  petition  under  any  bankruptcy  law  of  any  jurisdiction  was  filed  against  him  or  against a partnership of which he was a partner  at the time when he was a partner or at any time  within 2 years from the date he ceased to be a  partner?  No   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION PURSUANT TO RULE 720(5) OF THE RULES OF CATALIST OF THE SGX-ST (THE ' CATALIST RULES ')

## DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION PURSUANT TO RULE 720(5) OF THE RULES OF CATALIST OF THE SGX-ST (THE 'CATALIST RULES')

| b)  Whether  at  any  time  during  the  last  10  years,  an  application  or  a  petition  under  any  law  of  any jurisdiction  was  filed  against  an  entity  (not  being a partnership) of which he was a director  or  an  equivalent  person  or  a  key  executive,  at  the time when he was a director or an equivalent  person or a key executive of that entity or at any  time within 2 years from the date he ceased to  be  a  director  or  an  equivalent  person  or  a  key  executive  of  that  entity,  for  the  winding  up  or  dissolution of that entity or, where that entity is  the trustee of a business trust, that business trust,  on the ground of insolvency?  No  c)  Whether there is any unsatisfied judgment against  him?  No  d)  Whether  he  has  ever  been  convicted  of  any  offence,  in  Singapore  or  elsewhere,  involving  fraud  or  dishonesty  which  is  punishable  with  imprisonment,  or  has  been  the  subject  of  any  criminal  proceedings  (including  any  pending  criminal  proceedings  of  which  he  is  aware)  for  such purpose?  No  e)  Whether  he  has  ever  been  convicted  of  any  offence,  in  Singapore  or  elsewhere,  involving  a  breach  of  any  law  or  regulatory  requirement  that relates to the securities or futures industry  in  Singapore  or  elsewhere,  or  has  been  the  subject  of  any  criminal  proceedings  (including  any pending criminal proceedings of which he is  aware) for such breach?  No  f)   Whether  at  any  time  during  the  last  10  years,  judgment has been entered against him in any civil  proceedings in Singapore or elsewhere involving  a  breach  of  any  law  or  regulatory  requirement  that relates to the securities or futures industry  in Singapore or elsewhere, or a finding of fraud,  misrepresentation  or  dishonesty  on  his  part,  or  he has been the subject of any civil proceedings  (including any pending civil proceedings of which  he  is  aware)  involving  an  allegation  of  fraud,  misrepresentation or dishonesty on his part?  No  g)  Whether he has ever been convicted in Singapore  or  elsewhere of any offence in connection with  the  formation  or  management  of  any  entity  or  business trust?  No   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION PURSUANT TO RULE 720(5) OF THE RULES OF CATALIST OF THE SGX-ST (THE ' CATALIST RULES ')

| h)  Whether  he  has  ever  been  disqualified  from  acting  as  a  director  or  an  equivalent  person  of  any  entity  (including  the  trustee  of  a  business  trust), or from taking part directly or indirectly in  the management of any entity or business trust?  No  i)   Whether  he  has  ever  been  the  subject  of  any  order, judgment or ruling of any court, tribunal or  governmental body, permanently or temporarily  enjoining  him  from  engaging  in  any  type  of  business practice or activity?  No  j)   Whether  he  has  ever,  to  his  knowledge,  been  concerned with the management or conduct, in  Singapore or elsewhere, of the affairs of:  No  i.  any corporation which has been investigated  for  a  breach  of  any  law  or  regulatory  requirement  governing  corporations  in  Singapore or elsewhere; or  ii.  any  entity  (not  being  a  corporation)  which  has been investigated for a breach of any law  or  regulatory  requirement  governing  such  entities in Singapore or elsewhere; or  iii.  any business trust which has been investigated  for  a  breach  of  any  law  or  regulatory  requirement  governing  business  trusts  in  Singapore or elsewhere; or  iv.  any  entity  or  business  trust  which  has  been  investigated  for  a  breach  of  any  law  or  regulatory  requirement  that  relates  to  the  securities or futures industry in Singapore or  elsewhere  in connection with any matter occurring or arising  during  that  period  when  he  was  so  concerned  with the entity or business trust?  k)  Whether he has been the subject of any current or  past investigation or disciplinary proceedings, or  has been reprimanded or issued any warning, by  the Monetary Authority of Singapore or any other  regulatory authority, exchange, professional body  or government agency, whether in Singapore or  elsewhere?  No   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION PURSUANT TO RULE 720(5) OF THE RULES OF CATALIST OF THE SGX-ST (THE ' CATALIST RULES ')

## DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEKING RE-ELECTION PURSUANT TO RULE 720(5) OF THE RULES OF CATALIST OF THE SGX-ST (THE 'CATALIST RULES')

| ## Disclosure applicable to the appointment of Director only  Any  prior  experience  as  a  director  of  a  listed  company?  If yes, please provide details of prior experience.  If no, please state if the director has attended or will  be attending training on the roles and responsibilities  of a director of a listed issuer as prescribed by the  Exchange.  Please provide details of relevant experience and the  nominating committee's reasons for not requiring the  director  to  undergo  training  as  prescribed  by  the  Exchange (if applicable).  N.A.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## c) Mr Guok Chin Huat Samuel

| Date of Appointment  20 May 2022  Date of last re-appointment  N.A.  Age  66  Country of principal residence  Singapore  The  Board's  comments  on  this  appointment  (including rationale, selection criteria, board diversity  considerations,  and  the  search  and  nomination  process)  The  re-election  of  Mr  Guok  Chin  Huat  Samuel  as  the  Independent  Non-Executive  Director  was  recommended  by  the  NC,  and  the  Board  has  accepted  the  recommendation,  after  taking  into  consideration  his  qualifications,  expertise,  past  experience  and  overall  contribution  since  he  was  appointed as a Director of the Company.  Whether  appointment  is  executive,  and  if  so,  the  area of responsibility  Non-Executive  Job Title  Independent Non-Executive Director, a member of  Audit and Risk Committee as well as Remuneration  Committee  Professional qualifications  Bachelor of Science, Majors in Finance, International  Economics, Minor in Chemistry, Boston University   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION PURSUANT TO RULE 720(5) OF THE RULES OF CATALIST OF THE SGX-ST (THE ' CATALIST RULES ')

| Working  experience  and  occupation(s)  during  the  past 10 years  1.  Director of StarHealth Pte Ltd (8 February 1995  to current)  2.  Independent director of Global Palm Resources  Holdings Ltd (16 March 2010 to current)  3.  Independent  and  Non-Executive  director  of  Redwood Group Limited (10 December 2010 to  15 June 2022)  4.  Independent director of Asiatravel.Com Holdings  Ltd. (15 March 2017 to 31 December 2020)  5.  Independent director of RE&amp;S Holdings Limited  (30 October 2017 to current)  6.  Director  of  Tellus  Asset  Management  Pte  Ltd  (18 November 2018 to current)  7.  Independent  director  of  International  Cement  Group Ltd. (31 December 2019 to current)  8.  Chairman/Independent  director  of  Bukit  Sembawang  Estates  Ltd  (3  March  2008  to  27  July 2017)  9.  Independent  director  of  Datapulse  Technology  Limited (13 August 2012 to 10 December 2017)  Shareholding  interest  in  the  listed  issuer  and  its  subsidiaries  Nil  Any  relationship  (including  immediate  family  relationships)  with  any  existing  director,  existing  executive  officer,  the  issuer  and/or  substantial  shareholder  of  the  listed  issuer  or  of  any  of  its  principal subsidiaries  No  Conflict  of  Interest  (including  any  competing  business)  No  Undertaking  (in  the  format  set  out  in  Appendix 7H) under Rule 720(1) has been submitted  to the listed issuer  Yes  Other Principal Commitments Including Directorships  Past (for the last 5 years):  1.  Bukit Sembawang Estates Ltd  2.  Datapulse Technology Ltd  3.  Asiatravel.Com Holdings Ltd  4.  Redwood Group Limited  Present:  1.  StarHealth Pte Ltd  2.  Global Palm Resources Holdings Ltd  3.  RE&amp;S Holdings Limited  4.  Tellus Asset Management Pte Ltd  5.  International Cement Group Ltd   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION PURSUANT TO RULE 720(5) OF THE RULES OF CATALIST OF THE SGX-ST (THE ' CATALIST RULES ')

## DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION PURSUANT TO RULE 720(5) OF THE RULES OF CATALIST OF THE SGX-ST (THE 'CATALIST RULES')

| a)  Whether at any time during the last 10 years, an  application  or  a  petition  under  any  bankruptcy  law  of  any  jurisdiction  was  filed  against  him  or  against a partnership of which he was a partner  at the time when he was a partner or at any time  within 2 years from the date he ceased to be a  partner?  No  b)  Whether  at  any  time  during  the  last  10  years,  an  application  or  a  petition  under  any  law  of  any jurisdiction  was  filed  against  an  entity  (not  being a partnership) of which he was a director  or  an  equivalent  person  or  a  key  executive,  at  the time when he was a director or an equivalent  person or a key executive of that entity or at any  time within 2 years from the date he ceased to  be  a  director  or  an  equivalent  person  or  a  key  executive  of  that  entity,  for  the  winding  up  or  dissolution of that entity or, where that entity is  the trustee of a business trust, that business trust,  on the ground of insolvency?  No  c)  Whether there is any unsatisfied judgment against  him?  No  d)  Whether  he  has  ever  been  convicted  of  any  offence,  in  Singapore  or  elsewhere,  involving  fraud  or  dishonesty  which  is  punishable  with  imprisonment,  or  has  been  the  subject  of  any  criminal  proceedings  (including  any  pending  criminal  proceedings  of  which  he  is  aware)  for  such purpose?  No  e)  Whether  he  has  ever  been  convicted  of  any  offence,  in  Singapore  or  elsewhere,  involving  a  breach  of  any  law  or  regulatory  requirement  that relates to the securities or futures industry  in  Singapore  or  elsewhere,  or  has  been  the  subject  of  any  criminal  proceedings  (including  any pending criminal proceedings of which he is  aware) for such breach?  No  f)  Whether  at  any  time  during  the  last  10  years,  judgment has been entered against him in any civil  proceedings in Singapore or elsewhere involving  a  breach  of  any  law  or  regulatory  requirement  that relates to the securities or futures industry  in Singapore or elsewhere, or a finding of fraud,  misrepresentation  or  dishonesty  on  his  part,  or  he has been the subject of any civil proceedings  (including any pending civil proceedings of which  he  is  aware)  involving  an  allegation  of  fraud,  misrepresentation or dishonesty on his part?  No   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION PURSUANT TO RULE 720(5) OF THE RULES OF CATALIST OF THE SGX-ST (THE ' CATALIST RULES ')

| g)  Whether he has ever been convicted in Singapore  or  elsewhere of any offence in connection with  the  formation  or  management  of  any  entity  or  business trust?  No  h)  Whether  he  has  ever  been  disqualified  from  acting  as  a  director  or  an  equivalent  person  of  any  entity  (including  the  trustee  of  a  business  trust), or from taking part directly or indirectly in  the management of any entity or business trust?  No  i)  Whether  he  has  ever  been  the  subject  of  any  order, judgment or ruling of any court, tribunal or  governmental body, permanently or temporarily  enjoining  him  from  engaging  in  any  type  of  business practice or activity?  No  j)  Whether  he  has  ever,  to  his  knowledge,  been  concerned with the management or conduct, in  Singapore or elsewhere, of the affairs of:  No  i.  any corporation which has been investigated  for  a  breach  of  any  law  or  regulatory  requirement  governing  corporations  in  Singapore or elsewhere; or  ii.  any  entity  (not  being  a  corporation)  which  has been investigated for a breach of any law  or  regulatory  requirement  governing  such  entities in Singapore or elsewhere; or  iii.  any business trust which has been investigated  for  a  breach  of  any  law  or  regulatory  requirement  governing  business  trusts  in  Singapore or elsewhere; or  iv.  any  entity  or  business  trust  which  has  been  investigated  for  a  breach  of  any  law  or  regulatory  requirement  that  relates  to  the  securities or futures industry in Singapore or  elsewhere  in connection with any matter occurring or arising  during  that  period  when  he  was  so  concerned  with the entity or business trust?  k)  Whether he has been the subject of any current or  past investigation or disciplinary proceedings, or  has been reprimanded or issued any warning, by  the Monetary Authority of Singapore or any other  regulatory authority, exchange, professional body  or government agency, whether in Singapore or  elsewhere?  No   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION PURSUANT TO RULE 720(5) OF THE RULES OF CATALIST OF THE SGX-ST (THE ' CATALIST RULES ')

## DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEKING RE-ELECTION PURSUANT TO RULE 720(5) OF THE RULES OF CATALIST OF THE SGX-ST (THE 'CATALIST RULES')

| ## Disclosure applicable to the appointment of Director only  Any  prior  experience  as  a  director  of  a  listed  company?  If yes, please provide details of prior experience.  If no, please state if the director has attended or will  be attending training on the roles and responsibilities  of a director of a listed issuer as prescribed by the  Exchange.  Please provide details of relevant experience and the  nominating committee's reasons for not requiring the  director  to  undergo  training  as  prescribed  by  the  Exchange (if applicable).  N.A.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## AEDGE GROUP LIMITED

(the 'Company')

(Company Registration No.: 201933214E) (Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore)

## PROXY FORM ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

## IMPORTANT:

1. Printed copies of the Notice of Annual General Meeting and Proxy Form will not be sent to members. The Notice of Annual General Meeting and Proxy Form will be published by electronic means via announcement on the SGX website at the URL https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements  and  may  be  accessed  at  the  Company's  website  at  the  URL https://www.aedge.com.sg/.
2. This Proxy Form is not valid for use by SRS Investors and shall be ineffective for all intents and purposes if used or purported to be used by them.
3. SRS Investors may attend and cast their votes at the AGM in person. SRS Investors who are unable to attend the AGM but would like to vote, may inform their SRS Approved Nominees (as the case may be) to appoint your proxy(ies), in which case, the SRS Investors shall be precluded from attending the AGM.
4. CPF/SRS investors who wish to appoint proxy(ies) should approach their respective CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators to submit their votes at least seven working days before the AGM.
5. By submitting an instrument appointing a proxy(ies) and/or representative(s), the member accepts and agrees to the personal data privacy terms set out in the Notice of Annual General Meeting dated 5 October 2022.
6. Please read the notes overleaf which contain instructions.

I/We*,

(Name)

of

(Address)

being a member/members* of Aedge Group Limited (the ' Company '), hereby appoint:-

Name

Address and/or (delete where appropriate)

Name

Address as *my/our *proxy/proxies to attend and vote for *me/us on *my/our behalf at the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held at SAFRA Toa Payoh, Level 3, Lorong 6 Toa Payoh, Singapore 319387 on Thursday, 27 October 2022 at 10.30 a.m. and at any adjournment thereof. *I/We direct *my/our *proxy/proxies to vote for or against the Resolutions to be proposed at the Annual General Meeting as indicated with an 'X' in the spaces provided hereunder. If no specific directions as to voting are given, the *proxy/proxies will vote or abstain from voting at *his/her/their discretion.

| NO.  ORDINARY RESOLUTIONS  VOTING  ABSTAIN  FROM  VOTING  **  FOR  **  AGAINST  **  ORDINARY BUSINESS  1.  To receive and adopt the Audited Financial Statements of the Company  for the financial year ended 30 June 2022, together with the Statement of  Directors and the Independent Auditor's Report thereon.  2.  To approve the payment of Directors' Fees of S$117,000 for the financial  year ended 30 June 2022.  3.  To re-elect Mr Hoon Tai Meng (Yun Daming) as a Director under Regulation  98 of the Company's Constitution.  4.  To re-elect Mr Ng Choon Beng as a Director under Regulation 102 of the  Company's Constitution.  5.  To re-elect Mr Guok Chin Huat Samuel as a Director under Regulation 102  of the Company's Constitution.  6.  To re-appoint Messrs Moore Stephens LLP as Auditors and to authorise the  Directors to fix their remuneration.  SPECIAL BUSINESS  7.  Authority to allot and issue shares under the Aedge Performance Share Plan.  8.  Authority to allot and issue shares.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Delete as appropriate

** Voting will be conducted by poll. If you wish your proxy/proxies to cast all your votes 'For' or 'Against' a resolution, please indicate with an 'X' in the 'For' or 'Against' box provided in respect of that resolution. Alternatively, please indicate the number of  votes  for  or  against  in  the  'For'  or  'Against'  box  in  respect  of  that  resolution.  If  you  wish  your  proxy/proxies  to  abstain from voting on a resolution, please indicate with an 'X' in the 'Abstain From Voting' box provided in respect of that resolution. Alternatively, please indicate the number of shares that your proxy/proxies is directed to abstain from voting in the 'Abstain from Voting' box in respect of that resolution.

Dated this day of , 2022

Signature(s) of member(s) or Common Seal of Corporate Shareholder

IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ NOTES OVERLEAF.

NRIC/Passport Number

NRIC/Passport Number

,

(NRIC/Passport No./Company Registration No.*)

Proportion of Shareholdings

Number of Shares

%

Proportion of Shareholdings

Number of Shares

%

Total Number of Shares held in:

CDP Register

Register of Members

No. of Shares

## NOTES:

1. If  the  member has shares entered against his name in the Depository Register (maintained by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited), he should insert that number of shares. If the member has shares registered in his name in the Register of Members (maintained by or on behalf of the Company), he should insert that number of shares. If the member has shares entered against his name in the Depository Register and shares registered in his name in the Register of Members, he should insert the aggregate number of shares. If no number is inserted, this form of proxy (the ' Proxy Form ') will be deemed to relate to all the shares held by the member.
2. Printed copies of this proxy form will not be sent to members. This proxy form will be published via an announcement on the SGX website at the URL https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements and may be accessed at the Company's website at the URL https://www.aedge.com.sg/.
3. (a) A member of the Company who is entitled to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting and who is not a relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint not more than two (2) proxies to attend and vote in his stead. Where such member appoints more than one (1) proxy, he/she shall specify the proportion of his/her shareholding to be represented by each proxy and if no percentage is specified, the first named proxy shall be deemed to represent 100 per cent of his shareholding and any second named proxy shall he deemed to be an alternate to the first named proxy. If the appointer is a corporation, the proxy must be executed under seal or the hand of its duly authorised officer or attorney.
4. (b) A  member of  the  Company  who  is  entitled  to  attend  and  vote  at  the  Annual  General  Meeting  and  who  is  a  relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint more than two (2) proxies to attend and vote in his stead. Where such member appoints more than one (1) proxy, the number and class of shares in relation to which each proxy has been appointed shall be specified in the form of proxy.
4. A proxy need not be a member of the Company.

Please fold here

PROXY FORM

Please fold here

5. A member of the Company, which is a corporation, is entitled to appoint its authorised representative or proxy to vote on its behalf.
6. The  instrument  or  form  appointing  a  proxy,  duly  executed,  must  be  deposited  at  the  office  of  the  Company's  Share Registrar,  Tricor  Barbinder  Share  Registration  Services  at  80  Robinson  Road  #11-02,  Singapore  068898  or  email  to sg.is.proxy@sg.tricorglobal.com not less than 72 hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM in order for the proxy to be entitled to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting.
7. A member who wishes to submit a Proxy Form must first download, complete and sign the Proxy Form, before submitting it by post to the address provided above, or before scanning and sending it by email to sg.is.proxy@sg.tricorglobal.com.
8. Where a Proxy Form is signed on behalf of the appointor by an attorney, the letter or power of attorney or a duly certified copy thereof must (failing previous registration with the Company) be lodged with the Proxy Form, failing which the Proxy Form may be treated as invalid.
9. The Company shall be entitled to reject a Proxy Form which is incomplete, improperly completed, illegible or where the true intentions of the appointor are not ascertainable from the instructions of the appointor specified on the Proxy Form. In addition, in the case of shares entered in the Depository Register, the Company may reject a Proxy Form (or any related attachment) if  the  member, being the appointor, is not shown to have shares entered against his name in the Depository Register as at 72 hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM, as certified by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited to the Company.

## The Share Registrar AEDGE GROUP LIMITED

Tricor Barbinder Share Registration Services 80 Robinson Road #11-02 Singapore 068898

Affix Postage Stamp

## AEDGE GROUP LIMITED

4009 Ang Mo Kio Ave 10 #04-33 Tech Place I, Singapore 569738

+6564587645 info@aedge.com.sg