## UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 20-F

(Mark One)

☐ REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR (g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

OR

☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023

OR

☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from                  to

OR

☐ SHELL COMPANY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of event requiring this shell company report

Commission file number 001-41324

## AKANDA CORP.

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter and translation of Registrant's name into English)

Canada

(Jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

1a, 1b Learoyd Road New Romney TN28 8XU, United Kingdom (Address of principal executive offices)

Katie Field, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Director 1a,1b Learoyd Road, New Romney, TN28 8XU, United Kingdom Phone: +1 (202) 498 7917

(Name, Telephone, E-mail and/or Facsimile number and Address of Company Contact Person)

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act.

Title of each class

Common Shares

Trading Symbol(s)

AKAN

Name of each exchange on which registered

The Nasdaq Capital Market

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act. None

Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act. None

Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer's classes of capital or common stock as of the close of the period covered by the annual report.

## The number of common shares outstanding as of December 31, 2023 was 5,628,295

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. ☐

Yes

☒ No

If this report is an annual or transition report, indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. ☐ Yes ☒ No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. ☒ Yes ☐ No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).

☒ Yes

☐ No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or an emerging growth company. See definition of 'large accelerated filer,' 'accelerated filer,' and 'emerging growth company' in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer ☐

Accelerated filer

☐

Non-accelerated filer

☐ Emerging growth company ☒

If an emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange

Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued

its audit report. ☐

Indicate by check mark which basis of accounting the registrant has used to prepare the financial statements included in this filing:

U.S. GAAP ☐

International Financial Reporting Standards as issued

by the International Accounting Standards Board ☒

Other ☐

If 'Other' has been checked in response to the previous question, indicate by check mark which financial statement item the registrant has elected to follow.

☐ Item 17

☐ Item 18

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐

If this is an annual report, indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). ☐ Yes ☒ No

## TABLE OF CONTENTS

| PAGE  INTRODUCTION  iii  PART I  1  Item 1  Identity of Directors, Senior Management and Advisers  1  Item 2  Offer Statistics and Expected Timetable  1  Item 3  Key Information  1  A. Reserved  1  B. Capitalization and Indebtedness  1  C. Reasons for the Offer and Use of Proceeds  1  D. Risk Factors  1  Item 4.  Information on the Company  22  A. History and Development of the Company  22  B. Business Overview  26  C. Organizational Structure  34  D. Property, Plants and Equipment  35  Item 4A.  Unresolved Staff Comments  35  Item 5.  Operating and Financial Review and Prospects  35  A. Operating Results  36  B. Liquidity and Capital Resources  38  C. Research and Development, Patents and Licenses  41  D. Trend Information  41  E. Critical Accounting Estimates  41  Item 6.  Directors, Senior Management and Employees  42  A. Directors and Senior Management  42  B. Compensation  43  C. Board Practices  45  D. Employees  48  E. Share Ownership  48  F. Disclosure of a Registrant's Action to Recover Erroneously Awarded Compensation  49  Item 7.  Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions  49  A. Major Shareholders  49  B. Related Party Transactions  50  C. Interests of Experts and Counsel  52  Item 8.  Financial Information  52  A. Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information  52  B. Significant Changes  52  Item 9.  The Offer and Listing  52  A. Offer and Listing Details  52  B. Plan of Distribution  52  C. Markets  52  D. Selling Shareholders  52  E. Dilution  52  F. Expenses of the Issue  53   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Item 10.  Additional Information  53  A. Share Capital  53  B. Memorandum and Articles of Association  53  C. Material Contracts  54  D. Exchange Controls  54  E. Taxation  54  F. Dividends and Paying Agents  62  G. Statement by Experts  62  H. Documents on Display  62  I. Subsidiary Information  63  J. Annual Report to Security Holders  63  Item 11.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  63  Item 12.  Description of Securities Other than Equity Securities  64  A. Debt Securities  64  B. Warrants and Rights  64  C. Other Securities  64  D. American Depositary Shares  64  PART II  65  Item 13.  Defaults, Dividend Arrearages and Delinquencies  65  Item 14.  Material Modifications to the Rights of Security Holders and Use of Proceeds  65  Item 15.  Controls and Procedures  65  Item 16.  Reserved  66  Item 16A.  Audit Committee Financial Expert  66  Item 16B.  Code of Ethics  66  Item 16C.  Principal Accountant Fees and Services  66  Item 16D.  Exemptions from the Listing Standards for Audit Committees  66  Item 16E.  Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers  67  Item 16F.  Change in Registrant's Certifying Accountant  67  Item 16G.  Corporate Governance  67  Item 16H.  Mine Safety Disclosure  67  Item 16I.  Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections  67  Item 16J.  Insider Trading Policies  67  Item 16K.  Cybersecurity  67  PART III  68  Item 17.  Financial Statements  68  Item 18.  Financial Statements  68  Item 19.  Exhibits  69   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INTRODUCTION

Akanda Corp. was incorporated on July 16, 2021 in the Province of Ontario, Canada under the Business Corporations Act (Ontario). The principal listing of our ordinary shares is The Nasdaq Capital Market, or Nasdaq. We filed a registration statement on Form F-1 (File No.: 333-262436) with respect to our common shares with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, which was declared effective on March 14, 2022. Our common shares are listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market, under the symbol 'AKAN'. As used in this Annual Report on Form 20-F, the terms 'we,' 'us,' 'our', 'Akanda' and the 'Company' mean Akanda Corp. and its subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated.

## FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION

Our financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 20-F are prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards, or IFRS, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IASB. Our fiscal year ends on December 31 of each year as does our reporting year.

We have made rounding adjustments to some of the figures included in this Annual Report. Accordingly, numerical figures shown as totals in some tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede them.

Statements made in this Annual Report concerning the contents of any contract, agreement or other document are summaries of such contracts, agreements or  documents  and  are  not  complete  descriptions  of  all  of  their  terms.  If  we  filed  any  of  these  documents  as  an  exhibit  to  this Annual  Report  or  to  any registration statement that we previously filed, you may read the document itself for a complete description of its terms.

## SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Various statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 20-F, including those that express a belief, expectation or intention, as well as those that are not  statements  of  historical  fact,  are  forward-looking  statements.  These  forward-looking  statements  may  include  projections  and  estimates  concerning  our possible  or  assumed  future  results  of  operations,  financial  condition,  business  strategies  and  plans,  market  opportunity,  competitive  position,  industry environment,  and  potential  growth  opportunities.  In  some  cases,  you  can  identify  forward-looking  statements  by  terms  such  as  'may',  'might',  'will', 'should', 'believe', 'expect', 'could', 'would', 'intend', 'plan', 'anticipate', 'estimate', 'continue', 'predict', 'project', 'potential', 'target,' 'goal' or other words that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes. You can also identify forward-looking statements by discussions of strategy, plans or intentions. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and assumptions about future events. While our management considers these  expectations  and  assumptions  to  be  reasonable,  because  forward-looking  statements  relate  to  matters  that  have  not  yet  occurred,  they  are  inherently subject to significant business, competitive, economic, regulatory and other risks, contingencies and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. These and other important factors may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report, including among other things:

- our limited operating history;
- unpredictable events, such as the COVID-19 outbreak, and associated business disruptions;
- changes in cannabis laws, regulations and guidelines;
- decrease in demand for cannabis and cannabis-derived products;
- exposure to product liability claims and actions;

- damage to our reputation due to negative publicity;
- risks associated with product recalls;
- the viability of our product offerings;
- our ability to attract and retain skilled personnel;
- maintenance of effective quality control systems;
- regulatory compliance risks;
- risks inherent in an agricultural business;
- increased competition in the markets in which we operate and intend to operate;
- the success of our continuing research and development efforts;
- risks associated with expansion into new jurisdictions;
- risks  related  to  our  international  operations  in  Europe,  including  the  implications  of  the  United  Kingdom's  recent  withdrawal  from  the  European Union;
- our ability to obtain and maintain adequate insurance coverage;
- our ability to identify and integrate strategic acquisitions, investments and partnerships and to manage our growth;
- our ability to raise capital and the availability of future financing;
- global economy risks; and
- our ability to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq.

Given the foregoing risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report. The forward-looking  statements  contained  in  this Annual  Report  are  not  guarantees  of  future  performance,  and  our  actual  results  of  operations  and  financial condition may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. In addition, even if our results of operations and financial condition are consistent with the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report, they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we undertake no obligation to publicly release any update or revision to any forward-looking statements to reflect new information, future events or circumstances, or otherwise after the date hereof. Please see the Risk Factors section that appears in 'Item 3. Key Information - D. Risk Factors.'

## PART I

## ITEM 1. IDENTITY OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND ADVISERS

Not applicable.

## ITEM 2. OFFER STATISTICS AND EXPECTED TIMETABLE

Not applicable.

## ITEM 3. KEY INFORMATION

## A. [Reserved]

## B. Capitalization and Indebtedness

Not applicable.

## C. Reasons for the Offer and Use of Proceeds

Not applicable.

## D. Risk Factors

The following risks relate specifically to our business and should be considered carefully. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed by any of the following risks. As a result, the trading price of our common shares could decline and shareholders could lose part or all of their investment.

## Risks Related to Our Business and Industry

## We are an early-stage company with limited operating history and may never become profitable.

Akanda was only recently incorporated to be a holding company. Each of our operating subsidiaries, has a very limited operating history and has generated minimal revenue. Bophelo was formed and commenced operations in 2018 and was primarily engaged in construction and preparation activities since its inception. Bophelo made only one sale of cannabis flower to a local buyer in April 2022 and generated sales revenue of $31,123 in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company determined that it no longer controlled Bophelo as a result of an insolvent liquidation. As a result of the loss of control, the Company derecognized the net assets of Bophelo and accounted for the operating results as discontinued operation. Canmart was formed in 2018 and commenced operations in 2020. Canmart generated sales revenue of approximately $423,683 in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023 (2022 - $101,778). During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company acquired Holigen Limited ('Holigen') and its wholly-owned  subsidiary,  RPK  Biopharma  Unipessoal,  LDA  ('RPK').  RPK  generated  sales  revenue  of  approximately  $1,736,369  during  the  year  ended December 31, 2023 (2022 - $1,933,203). We remain an early-stage company and have limited financial resources and minimal operating cash flow. If we cannot successfully develop, manufacture and distribute our products, or if we experience difficulties in the development process, such as capacity constraints, quality control problems or other disruptions, we may not be able to develop or offer market-ready commercial products at acceptable costs, which would adversely affect our ability to effectively enter the market or expand our market share. A failure by us to achieve a low-cost structure through economies of scale or improvements in cultivation, manufacturing or distribution processes would have a material adverse effect on our commercialization plans and our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition.

We expect to require additional funding to maintain and expand our operations and develop our sales and distribution channels. However, there can be no assurance that additional funding will be available to us for the development of our business, which will require the commitment of substantial resources. Accordingly, you should consider our prospects in light of the costs, uncertainties, delays and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in the early stages  of  development.  Potential  investors  should  carefully  consider  the  risks  and  uncertainties  that  an  early  stage  company  with  a  very  limited  operating history will face. In particular, potential investors should consider that we may be unable to:

- successfully implement or execute our business plan, or that our business plan is sound;
- effectively pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions;
- adjust to changing conditions or keep pace with increased demand;
- attract and retain an experienced management team; or
- raise sufficient funds in the capital markets to effectuate our business plan, including expanding production capacity. licensing and approvals.

## Our financial situation creates doubt as to whether we will continue as a going concern.

Each  of  Akanda  and  Canmart  has  generated  no  revenue  or,  only  minimal  revenue,  while  RPK  generated  revenue  of  $1,736,369,  and  incurred  a consolidated net loss for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023, primarily as a result of increased operating expenses to execute our business plan and growth strategy. There can be no assurances that we will be able to achieve a level of revenues adequate to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or obtain  funding  from  additional  financing  through  private  placements,  public  offerings  and/or  bank  financing  necessary  to  support  our  working  capital requirements.

To the extent that funds generated from any private placements, public offerings and/or bank financing are insufficient, we will have to raise additional working capital. No assurance can be given that additional financing will be available, or if available, will be on acceptable terms. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. If adequate working capital is not available, we may be forced to discontinue operations, which would cause investors to lose their entire investment.

## Our subsidiary, Bophelo, is currently in insolvency proceedings.

Our indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, Bophelo, was placed into liquidation by the High Court of Lesotho (the 'Lesotho Court') in July 2022 pursuant to an unauthorized application and request (the 'Liquidation Application') that was filed by Louisa Mojela, our former Executive Chairman, who was terminated as  Executive  Chairman  of Akanda,  and  the  Mophuti  Matsoso  Development Trust  ('MMD Trust'),  which  we  believe  was  established  by  Ms.  Mojela.  Mr. Chavonnes Cooper of Cape Town, South Africa, was appointed by the Lesotho Court as liquidator of Bophelo for purposes of maintaining the value of the assets owned or managed by Bophelo. While we intend to contest and seek to reverse the determination by the Lesotho Court to place Bophelo in liquidation, and will seek to recover significant loans made to Bophelo to fund the execution of Bophelo's business plan, including payment of rents and staffing costs in the event that the Lesotho Court does not reverse its determination to place Bophelo in liquidation, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in reversing the Lesotho Court's determination to place Bophelo in liquidation.

As a result of Bophelo's liquidation, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we determined that we no longer controlled Bophelo. As a result of the loss of control, we derecognized the net assets of Bophelo and accounted for the operating results as discontinued operation.

## We may become involved in litigation matters that are expensive and time consuming, and, if resolved adversely, could harm our reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations.

We may become involved in litigation matters that are expensive and time consuming, and, if resolved adversely, could harm our reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations.

In February 2023, Tejinder Virk, our former Chief Executive Officer, notified us of his resignation. Mr. Virk's resignation was a result of disagreement with us regarding contractual obligations owed pursuant to the Service Agreement dated June 2, 2021 (the 'Service Agreement') between Mr. Virk, Halo Labs Inc., as guarantor, and Canmart Limited. According to Mr. Virk, the Company and Canmart committed a breach of the Service Agreement by failing to pay him monies and benefits owed following his placement on a paid leave of absence in November 2022 due to an internal investigation into Mr. Virk's conduct as our Chief Executive Officer and as a director of Canmart. While we have informed Mr. Virk that he has been summarily dismissed and will be paid through February 2023. On May 12, 2023 Tejinder Virk issued a claim for Detriment and dismissal for alleged protected disclosures totaling £1,630,302.22. The claim has been denied in its entirety.

In addition, in July 2022, our former Executive Chairman, Louisa Mojela was summarily terminated as Chairman of Bophelo for Cause, as a 'bad leaver'. In the event that the Lesotho Court does not reverse its determination to place Bophelo in liquidation, we plan to seek to recover significant loans that we have made to Bophelo to fund the execution of Bophelo's business plan, including payment of rents and staffing costs. On October 20, 2022 Ms. Mojela filed a claim  against  Canmart  and  Akanda  for  wrongful  termination  of  her  Service  Agreement.  Ms.  Mojela  sought  £1,832,150.62  plus  further  administrative and legal fees. The Company denied her claim and lodged a counterclaim lodged for losses caused by Ms. Mojela, including a loan of US $6,849,935.69 Akanda advanced to Bophelo. As at December 31, 2023, Ms. Mojela's entire application failed. At the Consequentials hearing on January 15, 2024 Canmart and Akanda were awarded £60,000 in legal costs. Ms. Mojela is pursuing an appeal.

On April  29,  2023,  Trevor  Scott,  our  former  Chief  Financial  Officer,  filed  a  claim  against  the  Company  for  amounts  owing  under  his  employment agreement totaling £420,659.95. This claim was resolved via a confidential settlement on January 15, 2024 and no amounts beyond this settlement are further owing to Mr. Scott.

On May 15, 2023, Vidya Iyer, our former SVP of Finance, filed a claim against the Company for amounts owing under her employment agreement totaling £151,774. This claim was resolved via a confidential settlement on March 27, 2024 and no amounts beyond this settlement are further owing to Ms. Iyer.

On January 29, 2024, Shailesh Bhushan, our former Chief Financial Officer, filed a complaint with the Employment Standards Branch of British Columbia claiming  unpaid  salary  and  invoices  in  the  aggregate  amount  of  CAD  $271,990  from  the  period  December  2022  through  November  2023. The  Company previously offered to Mr. Bhushan an annual salary of CAD $60,000 and as such, believes the claim to be frivolous, strongly disputes the amount claimed, and intends to vigorously defend itself.

Please refer to Note 22 of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 filed on April 30, 2024 for details of the legal proceedings with Mr. Virk, Ms. Mojela and Mr. Bhushan.

## Future acquisitions and strategic investments could be difficult to integrate, divert the attention of key management personnel, disrupt our business, dilute shareholder value, and harm our results of operations and financial condition.

We may in the future seek to acquire or invest in, businesses, products, or technologies that we believe could complement our operations or expand our breadth, enhance our capabilities, or otherwise offer growth opportunities. While our growth strategy includes broadening our product offerings, implementing an aggressive marketing plan and employing product diversification, there can be no assurance that our systems, procedures and controls will be adequate to support our operations as they expand. We cannot assure you that our personnel, systems, procedures or controls will be adequate to support our operations in the  future  or  that  we  will  be  able  to  successfully  implement  appropriate  measures  consistent  with  our  growth  strategy. As  part  of  our  planned  growth  and diversified product offerings, we may have to implement new operational and financial systems, procedures and controls to expand, train and manage our employee base, and maintain close coordination among our staff. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to do so, or that if we are able to do so, we will be able to effectively integrate them into our existing staff and systems. Additionally, the integration of our acquisitions and pursuit of potential future acquisitions may divert the attention of management and cause us to incur various expenses in identifying, investigating, and pursuing suitable acquisitions, whether or not they are consummated. Any acquisition, investment or business relationship may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. In addition, we have limited experience in acquiring other businesses. Specifically, we may not successfully evaluate or utilize the acquired products, assets or personnel, or accurately  forecast  the  financial  impact  of  an  acquisition  transaction,  including  accounting  charges.  Moreover,  the  anticipated  benefits  of  any  acquisition, investment, or business relationship may not be realized, or we may be exposed to unknown risks or liabilities associated with our acquisitions.

We may not be able to find and identify desirable acquisition targets or we may not be successful in entering into an agreement with any one target. Acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of debt, which could harm our results of operations. In addition, if an acquired business fails to meet our expectations, our business, results of operations, and financial condition may suffer. In some cases, minority shareholders may  exist  in  certain  of  our  non-wholly-owned  acquisitions  (for  businesses  we  do  not  purchase  as  an  100%  owned  subsidiary)  and  may  retain  minority shareholder rights which could make a future change of control or necessary corporate approvals for actions more difficult to achieve and/or more costly.

We may also make strategic investments in early-stage companies developing products or technologies that we believe could complement our business or expand our breadth, enhance our technical capabilities, or otherwise offer growth opportunities. These investments may be in early-stage private companies for restricted stock. Such investments are generally illiquid and may never generate value. Further, the companies in which we invest may not succeed, and our investments could lose their value.

## Demand for cannabis and its derivative products could be adversely affected and significantly influenced by scientific research or findings, regulatory proceedings, litigation, or media attention.

The legal cannabis industry in the United Kingdom, the European Union and in many other potential international markets for us is at an early stage of its development. Consumer perceptions regarding legality, morality, consumption, safety, efficacy and quality of medicinal cannabis are mixed and evolving and can  be  significantly  influenced  by  scientific  research  or  findings,  regulatory  investigations,  litigation,  media  attention  and  other  publicity  regarding  the consumption of  medicinal  cannabis  products. There  can  be  no  assurance  that  future  scientific  research,  findings,  regulatory  proceedings,  litigation,  media attention or other research findings or publicity will be favorable to the medicinal cannabis market or any particular product, or consistent with earlier publicity. Future research reports, findings, regulatory proceedings, litigation, media attention or other publicity that are perceived as less favorable than, or that question, earlier  research  reports,  findings  or  publicity,  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  the  demand  for  medicinal  cannabis  and  on  our  business,  results  of operations,  financial  condition  and  cash  flows.  Public  opinion  and  support  for  medicinal  cannabis  use  has  traditionally  been  inconsistent  and  varies  from jurisdiction  to  jurisdiction.  Our  ability  to  gain  and  increase  market  acceptance  of  our  business  may  require  substantial  expenditures  on  investor  relations, strategic  relationships  and  marketing  initiatives.  There  can  be  no  assurance  that  such  initiatives  will  be  successful,  and  their  failure  to  materialize  into significant demand may have an adverse effect on our financial condition.

## Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to continue to enhance our product offerings to respond to technological and regulatory changes and emerging industry standards and practices.

Rapidly changing markets, technology, emerging industry and regulatory standards and frequent introduction of new products characterize our business. The  process  of  cultivating  and  processing  our  cannabis  products  to  meet  applicable  standards  and  successfully  marketing  such  products  and  obtaining necessary licenses requires significant continuing costs, marketing efforts, third-party commitments and regulatory approvals. Canmart has made a limited number of sales. From 2023 and beyond, we plan to expand our product offering to include cannabis oils and extracts, and ultimately, to produce consumer branded cannabis products for discerning patients. We may not be successful in timely expanding our production capacity, or obtaining any required regulatory approvals or licenses, to implement our growth plans, which, together with any capital expenditures made in our operations, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.

## We are subject to the inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims.

As a cultivator and distributor of products designed to be ingested by humans, we face an inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims, regulatory action  and  litigation  if  our  products  are  alleged  to  have  caused  bodily  harm  or  injury.  In  addition,  the  sale  of  our  products  involves  the  risk  of  injury  to consumers due to tampering by unauthorized third parties or product contamination. Adverse reactions resulting from human consumption of our products alone or in combination with other medications or substances could occur. We may be subject to various product liability claims, including, among others, that our products caused injury or illness, include inadequate instructions for use or include inadequate warnings concerning health risks, possible side effects or interactions with other substances. Product liability claims or regulatory actions against us could result in increased costs, could adversely affect our reputation with  our  clients  and  consumers  generally,  and  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our  results  of  operations  and  financial  condition.  There  can  be  no assurances that we will be able to obtain or maintain product liability insurance on acceptable terms or with adequate coverage against potential liabilities. Such insurance is expensive and may not be available in the future on acceptable terms, or at all. The inability to obtain sufficient insurance coverage on reasonable terms or to otherwise protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of our products.

## We are subject to the inherent risks involved with product recalls.

Manufacturers and distributors of products are sometimes subject to the recall or return of their products for a variety of reasons, including product defects, such  as  contamination,  unintended  harmful  side  effects  or  interactions  with  other  substances,  packaging  safety  and  inadequate  or  inaccurate  labelling disclosure. If any of our products are recalled due to an alleged product defect or for any other reason, we could be required to incur the unexpected expense of the recall and any legal proceedings that might arise in connection therewith. There can be no assurance that any quality, potency or contamination problems will be detected in time to avoid unforeseen product recalls, regulatory action or lawsuits. Additionally, if our products are subject to recall, our reputation could be harmed. A recall for any of the foregoing reasons could lead to decreased demand for our products and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, product recalls may lead to increased scrutiny of our operations by regulatory agencies, requiring further management attention, potential loss of applicable licenses, and increased legal fees and other expenses.

## Research regarding the medical benefits, viability, safety, efficacy, use and social acceptance of cannabis or isolated cannabinoids (such as cannabidiol and tetrahydrocannabinol) remains in early stages.

There have been relatively few clinical trials on the benefits of cannabis or isolated cannabinoids (such as cannabidiol and tetrahydrocannabinol). Although we  believe  that  the  articles,  reports  and  studies  published  support  our  beliefs  regarding  the  medical  benefits,  viability,  safety,  efficacy,  dosing  and  social acceptance of cannabis, future research and clinical trials may prove such statements to be incorrect, or could raise concerns regarding, and perceptions relating to, cannabis. Given these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, investors should not place undue reliance on such articles and reports. Future research studies and clinical trials may draw opposing conclusions to those stated herein or reach negative conclusions related to medical cannabis, which could have a material adverse effect on the demand for our products and could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations or prospects.

## We may not be able to maintain effective quality control systems.

We may not be able to maintain an effective quality control system. The effectiveness of our quality control system and our ability to maintain EU Good Manufacturing Practice (' EU GMP ') and Good Agricultural and Collecting Practices (' GACP ') certifications with respect to our manufacturing, processing and testing facilities depend on a number of factors, including the design of our quality control procedures, training programs, and the ability to ensure that our employees adhere to our policies and procedures. We also may depend on third party service providers to manufacture, process or test our products, that are subject to EU GMP and GACP requirements.

We expect that regulatory agencies will periodically inspect our and our service providers' facilities to evaluate compliance with applicable EU GMP and GACP requirements. Failure to comply with these requirements may subject us or our service providers to possible regulatory enforcement actions. Any failure or deterioration of our or our service providers' quality control systems, including loss of EU GMP and GACP certifications, may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

## The medical cannabis industry and market may not continue to exist or develop as we anticipate and we may ultimately be unable to succeed in this industry and market.

We are operating our current business in a relatively new industry, and our success depends on the continued growth of this market as well as our ability to attract and retain patients. Demand for pharmaceutical-grade cannabis and cannabis-based products is dependent on a number of social, political and economic factors  that  are  beyond  our  control.  Our  projections  on  the  number  of  people  who  have  the  potential  to  benefit  from  treatment  with  pharmaceutical-grade cannabis or cannabis-based products are based on our beliefs and estimates. These estimates have been derived from a variety of sources, including scientific literature, surveys of clinics, and market research, and may prove to be incorrect. There is no assurance that an increase in existing demand will occur, that we will benefit from any such increased demand, or that our business will remain profitable even in the event of such an increase in demand.

In addition to being subject to the general business risks applicable to a business involving an agricultural product and a regulated medical product, we need to continue to build brand awareness within the medical cannabis industry and make significant investments in our business strategy and production capacity. These investments include introducing new medical cannabis products into the markets in which we operate, adopting quality assurance protocols and procedures, building our international presence and undertaking regulatory compliance efforts. These activities may not promote our products as effectively as intended, or at all, and we expect that our competitors will undertake similar investments to compete with us for market share.

Competitive  conditions,  physician  preferences,  patient  requirements  and  spending  patterns  in  the  medical  cannabis  industry  and  market  are  relatively unknown and may have been uniquely impacted by circumstances unlike those in other existing industries and markets. Our target patient population may be smaller than expected, may not be otherwise amenable to treatment with our products, or may become increasingly difficult to identify and access. Further, we may not be successful  in  our  efforts  to  attract  and  retain  patients,  develop  new  pharmaceutical-grade  cannabis  and  cannabis-based  products,  produce  and distribute these products to the markets in which we operate or to which we export in time to be effectively commercialized. In order to be successful in these activities,  we  may  be  required  to  expend  significantly  more  resources  than  we  currently  anticipate,  which  could  adversely  affect  our  business,  financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

## The cannabis and cannabinoid industries face strong opposition.

Many political and social organizations oppose hemp and cannabis and their legalization, and many people, even those who support legalization, oppose the sale of hemp, cannabis and their derivatives in their geographies. Our business will need support from local governments, industry participants, consumers and residents to be successful. Additionally, there are large, well-funded businesses and industry groups that may have a strong opposition to the cannabis industry.  For  example,  the  pharmaceutical  and  alcohol  industries  have  traditionally  opposed  cannabis  legalization. Any  efforts  by  these  or  other  industries opposed to cannabis to halt or impede the cannabis industry could have detrimental effects on our business.

## We,  or  the  medical  cannabis  industry  more  generally,  may  receive  unfavorable  publicity  or  become  subject  to  negative  patient,  physician  or  investor perception.

We believe that the medical cannabis industry is highly dependent upon positive patient, physician or investor perception regarding the benefits, safety, efficacy and quality of the cannabis distributed to patients for medical use. Perception of the medical cannabis industry, medicinal cannabis products, currently and in the future, may be significantly influenced by scientific research or findings, regulatory investigations, litigation, political statements, media attention and other publicity (whether or not accurate or with merit) both in Europe and elsewhere relating to the use of cannabis or cannabis-based products for medical purposes, including unexpected safety or efficacy concerns arising with respect to pharmaceutical-grade cannabis or cannabis-based products or the activities of medical-use cannabis industry participants.

There can be no assurance that future scientific research, findings, regulatory proceedings, litigation, media attention or other research findings or publicity will be favorable to the medical-use cannabis market or any particular medicinal cannabis products or will be consistent with prior publicity. Adverse future scientific research reports, findings and regulatory proceedings that are, or litigation, media attention or other publicity that is, perceived as less favorable than, or that questions, earlier research reports, findings or publicity (whether or not accurate or with merit) could result in a significant reduction in the demand for our medicinal cannabis products or cannabis for medical use more generally. Further, adverse publicity reports or other media attention regarding the safety, efficacy and quality of cannabis for medical purposes, or our current or future products specifically, or associating the use of cannabis with illness or other negative effects or events, could adversely affect us. This adverse publicity could arise even if the adverse effects associated with cannabis or cannabis-based products resulted from products that are not derived from medicinal cannabis or a patient's failure to use such products legally, appropriately or as directed.

## We are subject to the risks inherent in an agricultural business.

Our business involves the growing of cannabis, which is an agricultural product. The occurrence of severe adverse weather conditions, especially droughts, fires, storms or floods is unpredictable and may have a potentially devastating impact on agricultural production and may otherwise adversely affect the supply of cannabis. Adverse weather conditions may be exacerbated by the effects of climate change and may result in the introduction and increased frequency of pests and diseases. The effects of severe adverse weather conditions may reduce our yields or require us to increase our level of investment to maintain yields. Additionally, higher than average temperatures and rainfall can contribute to an increased presence of insects and pests, which could negatively affect cannabis crops.  Future  droughts  could  reduce  the  yield  and  quality  of  our  cannabis  production,  which  could  materially  and  adversely  affect  our  business,  financial condition and results of operations.

The occurrence and effects of plant disease, insects and pests can be unpredictable and devastating to agricultural production, potentially rendering all or a substantial portion of the affected harvests unsuitable for sale. Even when only a portion of the production is damaged, our results of operations could be adversely affected because all or a substantial portion of the production costs may have been incurred. Although some plant diseases are treatable, the cost of treatment can be high and such events could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Furthermore, if we fail to control a given plant disease and the production is threatened, we may be unable to adequately supply our customers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. There can be no assurance that natural elements will not have a material adverse effect on production.

## Our business will be reliant upon third party suppliers, service providers and distributors.

As our business grows, we will need a supply chain for certain material portions of the production and distribution process of our products. Our suppliers, service providers and distributors may elect, at any time, to breach or otherwise cease to participate in supply, service or distribution agreements, or other relationships, on which our operations rely. Loss of our suppliers, service providers or distributors would have a material adverse effect on our business and operational results.

Part of our strategy is to enter into and maintain arrangements with third parties related to the development, testing, marketing, manufacturing, distribution and commercialization of our products. Our revenues are dependent on the successful efforts of these third parties, including the efforts of our distribution partners. Entering into strategic relationships can be a complex process and the interests of our distribution partners may not be or remain aligned with our interests.  Some  of  our  current  and  future  distribution  partners  may  decide  to  compete  with  us,  refuse  or  be  unable  to  fulfill  or  honor  their  contractual obligations  to  us,  or  change  their  plans  to  reduce  their  commitment  to,  or  even  abandon,  their  relationships  with  us.  There  can  be  no  assurance  that  our distribution partners will market our products successfully or that any such third-party collaboration will be on favorable terms.

Our profit margins and the timely delivery of our products are dependent upon the ability of our outside suppliers and manufacturers to supply us with products in a timely and cost-efficient manner. Our ability to develop our business and enter new markets and sustain satisfactory levels of sales in each market depends upon the ability of our outside suppliers and manufacturers to produce the ingredients and products and to comply with all applicable regulations. The failure of our primary suppliers or manufacturers to supply ingredients or produce our products could adversely affect our business operations.

## There is no assurance that our sales and promotional activities will be successful.

Our future growth and profitability will depend on the effectiveness and efficiency of sales and promotional expenditures, including our ability to (i) create greater  awareness  of  our  products,  (ii)  determine  the  appropriate  creative  message  and  media  mix  for  future  marketing  expenditures  and  (iii)  effectively manage sales and promotional costs in order to maintain acceptable operating margins. We plan to continue to develop the direct sale model of Canmart, which may require us to establish our own clinics and pharmacies. There can be no assurance that our sales and promotional expenditures will result in revenues in the future or will generate awareness of our products and services. In addition, no assurance can be given that we will be able to manage our sales and promotional expenditures on a cost-effective basis.

We believe that maintaining and promoting our brand is critical to expanding our customer base. Maintaining and promoting our brand will depend largely on our ability to continue to provide quality, reliable and innovative products, which we may not do successfully. We may introduce new products or services that our customers do not like, which may negatively affect our brand and reputation. Maintaining and enhancing our brand may require us to make substantial investments, and these investments may not achieve the desired goals. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brand or if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, our business and financial results from operations could be materially adversely affected.

## We may be unable to sustain our pricing model.

Significant price fluctuations or shortages in the cost of materials may increase our cost of goods sold and cause our results of operations and financial condition to suffer. If we are unable to secure materials at a reasonable price, we may have to alter or discontinue selling some of our products or attempt to pass along the cost to our customers, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

Additionally, increasing costs of labor, freight and energy could increase our and our suppliers' cost of goods. If our suppliers are affected by increases in their costs of labor, freight and energy, they may attempt to pass these cost increases on to us. If we pay such increases, we may not be able to offset them through increases in its pricing, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

## We may be unable to effectively manage future growth.

We may be subject to growth-related risks, including capacity constraints and pressure on our internal systems and controls. Our ability to manage growth effectively will require us to continue to implement and improve our operational and financial systems and to expand, train and manage our employee base. Rapid growth of our business may significantly strain our management, operations and technical resources. If we are successful in obtaining large orders for our products, we will be required to deliver large volumes of products to our customers on a timely basis and at a reasonable cost. We may not obtain largescale orders for our products and if we do, we may not be able to satisfy large-scale production requirements on a timely and cost-effective basis. Our inability to deal with this growth may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

## We are subject to significant competition by new and existing competitors in the cannabis industry.

The industry in which we operate is subject to intense and increasing competition. Many of our competitors have greater resources that may enable them to compete more effectively than us in the cannabis industry, or they have a longer operating history and greater capital resources and facilities, which may enable them to compete more effectively in this market. We expect to face additional competition from existing licensees and new market entrants who are granted licenses in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including the United Kingdom and other jurisdictions in which we intend to expand our operations. If a significant number of new licenses are granted in the near term, we may experience increased competition for market share and may experience downward pricing pressure on our products as new entrants increase production. Such competition may cause us to encounter difficulties in generating revenues and market share, and in positioning our products in the market. If we are unable to successfully compete with existing companies and new entrants to the market, our lack of competitive advantage will have a negative effect on our business and financial condition.

## The legalization of adult-use, recreational cannabis may reduce sales of medical cannabis.

Legalization  of  the  sale  to  adults  of  recreational,  non-medical  cannabis  in  any  country  may  increase  competition  in  the  medical  cannabis  market. We currently do not plan to sell recreational, non-medical cannabis products. We may not be able to achieve our business plan in a highly competitive market where recreational, adult-use cannabis is legal, or the market may experience a drop in the price of cannabis and cannabis products over time, decreasing our profit margins.

## We are dependent upon our management and key employees, and the loss of any member of our management team or any key employee could have a material adverse effect on our operations.

Our success is dependent upon the ability, expertise, judgment, discretion and good faith of our senior management and key employees, including, without limitation, Katie Field, our Interim Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director, and Gucharn Deol, our Chief Financial Officer. The loss of any member of our  management  team  or  any  of  our  key  employees  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our  business  and  results  of  operations.  While  employment agreements  and  incentive  programs  are  customarily  used  as  primary  methods  of  retaining  the  services  of  key  employees,  these  agreements  and  incentive programs cannot assure the continued services of such employees. Any loss of the services of such individuals, or an inability to attract other suitably qualified persons when needed, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. We do not currently maintain key-person insurance on the lives of any of our key employees or members of management. Competition for qualified technical, sales and marketing staff, as well as officers and directors can be intense, and no assurance can be provided that we will be able to attract or retain such qualified individuals in the future, which may adversely affect our operations.

## Our directors and officers may have conflicts of interest in conducting their duties.

We may be subject to various potential conflicts of interest because of the fact that some of our officers and directors may be engaged in the cannabis industry  through  their  participation  in  corporations,  partnership  or  joint  ventures,  which  are  potential  competitors  of  our  company.  Situations  may  arise  in connection with potential acquisitions in investments where the other interests of these directors and officers may conflict with the interests of our company. Our directors and officers with conflicts of interest will be subject to the procedures set out in the related Canadian law and regulations.

## Our executive officers are engaged in other business activities and, accordingly, may not devote sufficient time to our business affairs, which may affect our ability to conduct operations.

In addition, our executive officers and directors may devote time to their outside business interests, so long as such activities do not materially or adversely interfere with their duties to us. In some cases, our executive officers and directors may have fiduciary obligations associated with these business interests that interfere  with  their  ability  to  devote  time  to  our  business  and  affairs  and  that  could  adversely  affect  our  operations. These  business  interests  could  require significant time and attention of our executive officers and directors. For example, our Interim Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director, Ms. Katie Field, is the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Halo.

## The Coronavirus ('COVID-19') outbreak and similar disease outbreaks or public health emergencies could adversely affect our future operations.

Our operations could be significantly and adversely affected by the effects of a widespread global outbreak of a contagious disease and other unforeseen events, including the outbreak of a respiratory illness caused by COVID-19 and the related economic repercussions. We cannot accurately predict the effects COVID-19 will have on our operations and the ability of others to meet their obligations with us, including uncertainties relating to the ultimate geographic spread of the virus, the severity of the disease, the duration of the outbreak, and the length of travel and quarantine restrictions imposed by governments of affected countries. In light of the COVID-19 pandemic, there could be a negative impact on sourcing medical cannabis products for our distribution in the United Kingdom. Additionally, COVID-19 has caused significant disruptions to the global financial markets, which could impact our ability to raise additional capital. The ultimate impact on us and our significant suppliers and prospective customers is unknown, but our operations and financial condition could suffer in the event of any of these types of unpredictable events. Further, any significant uninsured liability may require us to pay substantial amounts, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

The U.K. and EU populations have reached a significant level of vaccination. There is no guarantee, however, that the continued development of COVID19  will  not  affect  our  operations  negatively.  During  the  year  ended  December  31,  2023,  both  the  UK  government  and  governments  inside  the  EU  have substantially reduced COVID-19 restrictions.

## We could be subject to a security breach that could result in significant damage or theft of products and equipment.

Breaches of security at our facilities may occur and could result in damage to or theft of products and equipment. A security breach at our facilities could result in a significant loss of inventory or work in process, expose us to liability under applicable regulations and increase expenses relating to the investigation of the breach and implementation of additional preventative security measures, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## We may incur significant costs to defend our intellectual property and other proprietary rights.

The  ownership  and  protection  of  trademarks,  patents,  trade  secrets  and  intellectual  property  rights  are  significant  aspects  of  our  future  success. Unauthorized parties may attempt to replicate or otherwise obtain and use our products and technology. Policing the unauthorized use of our current or future trademarks, patents, trade secrets or intellectual property rights could be difficult, expensive, time-consuming and unpredictable, as may be enforcing these rights against unauthorized use by others.

In addition, other parties may claim that our products infringe on their proprietary rights such as trade secrets. Such claims, regardless of their merit, may result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources, legal fees, injunctions, temporary restraining orders and/or require the payment of damages. Additionally, we may need to obtain licenses from third parties who allege that we have infringed on their lawful rights. Such licenses may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. In addition, we may not be able to obtain or utilize on terms that are favorable to us, or at all, licenses or other rights with respect to intellectual property that we do not own.

If we sustain cyber-attacks or other privacy or data security incidents that result in security breaches that disrupt our operations or result in the unintended dissemination of protected personal information or proprietary or confidential information, or if we are found by regulators to be non-compliant with statutory requirements for the protection and storage of personal data, we could suffer a loss of revenue, increased costs, exposure to significant liability, reputational harm and other serious negative consequences.

As our operations expand, we may process, store and transmit large amounts of data in our operations, including protected personal information as well as proprietary or confidential information relating to our business and third parties. Experienced computer programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate our layered  security  controls  and  misappropriate  or  compromise  our  protected  personal  information  or  proprietary  or  confidential  information  or  that  of  third parties,  create  system  disruptions  or  cause  system  shutdowns. They  also  may  be  able  to  develop  and  deploy  viruses,  worms  and  other  malicious  software programs that attack our systems or otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities. Hardware, software, or applications we develop or procure from third parties may  contain  defects  in  design  or  manufacture  or  other  problems  that  could  unexpectedly  compromise  information  security.  Our  facilities  may  also  be vulnerable to security incidents or security attacks, acts of vandalism or theft, coordinated attacks by activist entities, misplaced or lost data, human errors, or other similar events that could negatively affect our systems and our customer's data.

## Risks Related to Our International Operations

## As a company based outside of the United States, we are subject to economic, political, regulatory and other risks associated with international operations.

Our  business  is  subject  to  risks  associated  with  conducting  business  outside  of  the  United  States.  Our  operations  are  based  primarily  in  the  United Kingdom and Canada. Our principal office and Canmart's operations are located in the United Kingdom and we own certain property in Canada. Accordingly, our future results could be harmed by a variety of factors, including, without limitation, the following:

- economic weakness, including inflation, or political instability in non-U.S. economies and markets;
- differing and changing regulatory requirements for product licenses and approvals;
- differing jurisdictions could present different issues for securing, maintaining or obtaining freedom to operate in such jurisdictions;
- difficulties in compliance with different, complex and changing laws, regulations and court systems of multiple jurisdictions and compliance with a wide variety of foreign laws, treaties and regulations;
- changes in applicable non-U.S. regulations and customs, tariffs and trade barriers;
- changes in applicable non-U.S. currency exchange rates and currency controls;
- changes in a specific country's or region's political or economic environment, including the implications of the decision of the United Kingdom to withdraw from the European Union;
- trade protection measures, import or export licensing requirements or other restrictive actions by governments;
- differing reimbursement regimes and price controls in certain non-U.S. markets;
- negative consequences from changes in tax laws;
- compliance  with  applicable  tax,  employment,  immigration  and  labor  laws  for  employees  living  or  traveling  abroad,  including,  for  example,  the variable tax treatment in different jurisdictions of options granted under our share option schemes or equity incentive plans;
- workforce uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is more common than in the United States;
- difficulties associated with staffing and managing international operations, including differing labor relations;
- production shortages resulting from any events affecting raw material supply or manufacturing capabilities abroad; and
- business interruptions resulting from geo-political actions, including war and terrorism, or natural disasters, including droughts, floods and fires.

## Our business could suffer as a result of the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the European Union.

While  we  are  incorporated  in  the  Province  of  Ontario  in  Canada,  our  principal  office,  a  number  of  our  executive  officers  and  key  employees,  and Canmart's operations and assets are primarily located in the United Kingdom. The United Kingdom formally exited the European Union, commonly referred to as Brexit, on January 31, 2020. Under the terms of its departure, the United Kingdom entered into a transition period during which it continued to follow all European Union rules, and the trading relationship remained the same, until December 31, 2020. On December 24, 2020, the European Union and the United Kingdom entered into a new trade agreement to govern their relationship following Brexit. However, substantial uncertainty remains concerning which EU laws  and  regulations  will  continue  to  be  implemented  in  the  United  Kingdom  after  Brexit  (including  financial  laws  and  regulations,  tax  and  free  trade agreements, intellectual property rights, data protection laws, supply chain logistics, environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, immigration laws and employment laws).

The uncertainty concerning the United Kingdom's legal, political and economic relationship with the European Union after Brexit may negatively impact direct foreign investment in the United Kingdom, increase costs, depress economic activity and restrict access to capital. It may also be a source of instability in the  international  markets,  create  significant  currency  fluctuations,  and/or  otherwise  adversely  affect  trading  agreements  or  similar  cross-border  cooperation arrangements (whether economic, tax, fiscal, legal, regulatory or otherwise) beyond the date of Brexit. We may also face new regulatory costs and challenges that could have an adverse effect on our operations.

## The United Kingdom's withdrawal from the European Union could lead to increased market volatility, which could make it more difficult for us to do business in Europe or have other adverse effects on our business.

As a result of the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the European Union, the United Kingdom now has third country status outside of the European Union. Before the end of 2020, the United Kingdom and the European concluded a Trade and Cooperation Agreement (' TCA ') which took effect January 1, 2021. The terms of the TCA allow for tariff-free and quota-free access to the EU market for the United Kingdom so long as the United Kingdom does not diverge from EU laws. To the extent the United Kingdom does diverge from EU laws, access to EU markets may be made more restricted than it currently is. In addition, the TCA does not allow U.K. institutions access to EU markets, so it is possible that there will be a period of considerable uncertainty, particularly in relation to U.K. financial and banking markets, as well as in relation to the regulatory process in Europe. As a result of this uncertainty, financial markets could experience volatility. We may also face new regulatory costs and challenges that could have a material adverse effect on our operations. In this regard, the European Medicines Agency has already issued a notice reminding marketing authorization holders of centrally authorized medicinal products for human and veterinary use of certain legal requirements that need to be considered as part of Brexit, such as the requirement for the marketing authorization holder of a product centrally approved by the European Commission to be established in the European Union, and the requirement for some activities relating to centrally approved products to be performed in the European Union. As a third country, the United Kingdom will lose the benefits of global trade agreements negotiated by the European Union on behalf of its members, which may result in increased trade barriers which could make our doing business worldwide more difficult. In addition, currency exchange rates in the pound sterling and the euro with respect to each other and the U.S. dollar have already been adversely affected by Brexit. Should this foreign exchange volatility continue, it could cause volatility in our financial results.

## We  expect  to  increase  our  international  sales  in  the  future,  and  such  sales  may  be  subject  to  unexpected  exchange  rate  fluctuations,  regulatory requirements and other barriers.

We currently expect that our sales will be denominated in U.S. Dollars and Euros and that we may, in the future, have sales denominated in the currencies of additional countries in which we establish operations or distribution. In addition, we expect to incur the majority of our operating expenses in U.S. Dollars and Euros. Our international sales may be subject to unexpected regulatory requirements and other barriers. Any fluctuation in the exchange rates of foreign currencies may negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have not previously engaged in foreign currency hedging. If we decide to hedge our foreign currency exposure, we may not be able to hedge effectively due to lack of experience, unreasonable costs or illiquid markets. In addition, those activities may be limited in the protection they provide from foreign currency fluctuations and can themselves result in losses.

## Tax regulations and challenges by tax authorities could have a material adverse effect on our business.

We expect to operate in a number of countries and will therefore be regularly examined by and remain subject to numerous tax regulations. Changes in our global  mix  of  earnings  could  affect  our  effective  tax  rate.  Furthermore,  changes  in  tax  laws  could  result  in  higher  tax-related  expenses  and  payments. Legislative changes in any of the countries in which we operate could materially impact our tax receivables and liabilities as well as deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities. Additionally, the uncertain tax environment in some regions in which we operate may limit our ability to successfully challenge an adverse determination by any local tax authorities. We expect to operate in countries with complex tax rules, which may be interpreted in a variety of ways and could affect our effective tax rate. Future interpretations or developments of tax regimes or a higher than anticipated effective tax rate could have a material adverse effect on our tax liability, return on investments and business operations.

In addition, our subsidiaries operate in, are incorporated in and are tax residents of, various jurisdictions. The tax authorities in the various jurisdictions in which we and our subsidiaries operate, or are incorporated, may disagree with and challenge our assessments of our transactions, tax position, deductions, exemptions, where we or our subsidiaries are tax resident, or other matters. If we are unsuccessful in responding to any such challenge from a tax authority, we may be required to pay additional taxes, interest, fines or penalties, we may be subject to taxes for the same business in more than one jurisdiction or may also be subject to higher tax rates, withholding or other taxes. A successful challenge could potentially result in payments to the relevant tax authority of substantial amounts that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Even if we are successful in responding to challenges by taxing authorities, responding to such challenges may be expensive, consume time and other resources, or divert management's time and focus from our business operations. Therefore, a challenge as to our tax position or status or transactions, even if unsuccessful, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity or the business, financial condition, and results of operations.

## We face the risk of disruption from labor disputes and changes to labor laws, which could result in significant additional operating costs or alter our relationship with our employees.

We are required to comply with extensive labor regulations in each of the countries in which we have employees, including with respect to wages, social security benefits and termination payments. Labor or employee led disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

## Risks Related to our Regulatory Framework

## The medicinal cannabis regulatory regime is restrictive and new in the United Kingdom and Europe, and laws and enforcement could rapidly change again.

There are significant legal restrictions and regulations that govern the cannabis industry in the United Kingdom. The legislative changes made to allow for the prescription and possession of medicinal cannabis without Home Office licenses are very narrow. 'Cannabis' remains a Class B controlled drug under the Misuse of Drugs Act 1973 and remains a Schedule 1 drug under the Misuse of Drugs Regulation 2001 (' MDR 2001 '). Schedule 1 contains drugs which are not used medically. Cultivation, distribution and possession of Schedule 1 controlled drug is illegal without appropriate licenses. It is only CBPMs that have been moved to various other schedules under the MDR 2001, which then allows for the prescription and possession of CBPMs without a license.

However, there are also strict requirements that need to be met for the supply of CBPMs to patients to be compliant with the regulations. Despite the demand for CBPMs, there has been great reluctance from the medical establishment in general to prescribe 'medicinal products' for which there are no official prescribing  guidelines  and  a  lack  of  clinical  data.  In  particular,  the  Royal  College  of  Physicians  and  NHS  England  have  issued  guidelines  for  medical practitioners stating that there is currently limited evidence of the effectiveness of CBPMs, except in very limited cases. This appears to have made specialist doctors loathe to prescribe CBPMs against this explicit guidance. As the medical establishment and regulators are still firming up their approaches to guidance and enforcement, this can create a level of operating uncertainty.

Our activities are, and will continue to be, subject to evolving regulation by governmental authorities. Due to the current regulatory environment in the United Kingdom, new risks may emerge; management may not be able to predict all such risks.

U.K. based companies also need to be aware of the potential difficulties posed by the U.K. Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 (' POCA ').  POCA prohibits dealing with any benefit (directly or indirectly) arising from criminal conduct. Conduct is criminal if it:

- constitutes an offence in any part of the United Kingdom, or
- would constitute an offence in part of the United Kingdom if it occurred there.

This principle of 'dual criminality' means that measures to legalize cannabis overseas can be potentially irrelevant when it comes to investing in the United Kingdom, and medicinal cannabis companies operating in the United Kingdom.

Although the risk of action being taken against a U.K. investor by law enforcement may be considered low when dealing with the indirect proceeds of cannabis, U.K. companies and investors should be sure to understand the precise nature of their investments or transactions and to keep in mind that investing in, or doing business with, companies involved in recreational cannabis, even where their activity is legal under the laws applicable to them, may nonetheless cause the U.K.-based investor or counterparty to violate U.K. money laundering laws.

Our activities are, and will continue to be, subject to evolving regulation by governmental authorities.

## Cannabis laws, regulations, and guidelines are dynamic and subject to changes.

Cannabis  laws  and  regulations  are  dynamic  and  subject  to  evolving  interpretations  which  could  require  us  to  incur  substantial  costs  associated  with compliance or alter certain aspects of our business plan. It is also possible that regulations may be enacted in the future that will be directly applicable to certain aspects  of  our  businesses.  We  cannot  predict  the  nature  of  any  future  laws,  regulations,  interpretations  or  applications,  nor  can  we  determine  what  effect additional governmental regulations or administrative policies and procedures, when and if promulgated, could have on our business. Management expects that the legislative and regulatory environment in the cannabis industry in the United Kingdom and internationally will continue to be dynamic and will require innovative solutions to try to comply with this changing legal landscape in this nascent industry for the foreseeable future. Failure to comply with any such legislation may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Public opinion can also exert a significant influence over the regulation of the cannabis industry. A negative shift in the public's perception of the cannabis industry could affect future legislation or regulation in different jurisdictions.

## There are risks associated with the regulatory regime and permitting requirements of our operations.

Achievement of our business objectives is contingent, in part, upon compliance with regulatory requirements enacted by governmental authorities and obtaining all regulatory approvals, where necessary, for the cultivation, processing and sale of our products. Canmart currently holds the licenses required to conduct its  operations. We may not be able to obtain or maintain the necessary licenses, permits, quotas, authorizations, certifications or accreditations to operate  our  business  going  forward,  or  may  only  be  able  to  do  so  at  great  cost.  We  cannot  predict  the  time  required  to  secure  all  appropriate  regulatory approvals for our products, or the extent of testing and documentation that may be required by local governmental authorities.

Our officers and directors must rely, to a great extent, on our local legal counsel and local consultants retained in the United Kingdom in order to keep abreast of material legal, regulatory and governmental developments as they pertain to and affect our business operations, and to assist us with governmental relations. We must rely, to some extent, on those members of management and the Board who have previous experience working and conducting business in the United Kingdom in order to enhance our understanding of and appreciation for the local business culture and practices in such jurisdictions.

We also rely on the advice of local experts and professionals in connection with any current and new regulations that develop in respect of banking, financing and tax matters in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Any developments or changes in such legal, regulatory or governmental requirements or in local business practices in such jurisdictions are beyond our control and may adversely affect our business.

We  will  incur  ongoing  costs  and  obligations  related  to  regulatory  compliance.  Failure  to  comply  with  applicable  laws,  regulations  and  permitting requirements  may  result  in  enforcement  actions  thereunder,  including  orders  issued  by  regulatory  or  judicial  authorities  causing  operations  to  cease  or  be curtailed, and may include corrective measures requiring capital expenditures, installation of additional equipment, or remedial actions. We may be required to compensate those suffering loss or damage by reason of our operations and may have civil or criminal fines or penalties imposed for violations of applicable laws or regulations. In addition, changes in regulations, more vigorous enforcement thereof or other unanticipated events could require extensive changes to our operations, increased compliance costs or give rise to material liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

## Any failure on our part to comply with applicable regulations or to obtain and maintain the necessary licenses and certifications could prevent us from being able to carry on our business, and there may be additional costs associated with any such failure.

Our  business  activities  are  heavily  regulated  in  all  jurisdictions  where  we  do  business.  Our  operations  are  subject  to  various  laws,  regulations  and guidelines by governmental authorities relating to the cultivation, processing, manufacture, marketing, management, distribution, transportation, storage, sale, packaging, labelling, pricing and disposal of cannabis and cannabis products. In addition, we are subject to laws and regulations relating to employee health and safety,  insurance  coverage  and  the  environment.  Laws  and  regulations,  applied  generally,  grant  government  agencies  and  self-regulatory  bodies  broad administrative discretion over our activities, including the power to limit or restrict business activities as well as impose additional disclosure requirements on our products and services.

Any failure by us to comply with applicable regulatory requirements could:

- require extensive changes to our operations;
- result in regulatory or agency proceedings or investigations;
- result  in  the  revocation  of  our  licenses  and  permits,  the  imposition  of  additional  conditions  on  licenses  to  operate  our  business,  and  increased compliance costs;
- result in product recalls or seizures;
- result in damage awards, civil or criminal fines or penalties;
- result in the suspension or expulsion from a particular market or jurisdiction of our key personnel;
- result in restrictions on our operations or the imposition of additional or more stringent inspection, testing and reporting requirements;
- harm our reputation; or
- give rise to material liabilities.

There can be no assurance that any future regulatory or agency proceedings, investigations or audits will not result in substantial costs, a diversion of management's attention and resources or other adverse consequences to our business.

In  addition,  changes  in  regulations,  government  or  judicial  interpretation  of  regulations,  or  more  vigorous  enforcement  thereof  or  other  unanticipated events could require extensive changes to our operations, increase compliance costs or give rise to material liabilities or a revocation of our licenses and other permits.  Furthermore,  governmental authorities  may  change  their  administration,  application  or  enforcement  procedures  at  any  time,  which  may  adversely affect our ongoing regulatory compliance costs. There is no assurance that we will be able to comply or continue to comply with applicable regulations.

## The legal cannabis market is a relatively new industry. As a result, the size of our target market is difficult to quantify, and investors will be reliant on their own estimates on the accuracy of market data.

Because the cannabis industry is in a nascent stage, there is a lack of information about comparable companies available for potential investors to review in deciding  whether  to  invest  in  us  and,  few,  if  any,  established  companies  whose  business  model  we  can  follow  or  upon  whose  success  we  can  build. Accordingly, investors should rely on their own estimates regarding the potential size, economics and risks of the cannabis market in deciding whether to invest in our Common Shares. We are an early-stage company that has not generated net income. There can be no assurance that our growth estimates are accurate or that the cannabis market will be large enough for our business to grow as projected.

Although we are committed to researching and developing new markets and products and improving existing products, there can be no assurances that such  research  and  market  development  activities  will  prove  profitable  or  that  the  resulting  markets  or  products,  if  any,  will  be  commercially  viable  or successfully produced and marketed. We must rely largely on our own market research to forecast sales and design products as detailed forecasts and consumer research  are  not  generally  obtainable  from  reliable  third-party  sources  in  the  United  Kingdom,  the  European  market,  Canada  and  in  other  international jurisdictions.

In addition, there is no assurance that the industry and market will continue to exist and grow as currently estimated or anticipated or function and evolve in the manner consistent with management's expectations and assumptions. We could also be subject to other events or circumstances that adversely affect the cannabis industry, such as the imposition of further restrictions on sales and marketing or further restrictions on sales in certain areas and markets.

## Marijuana remains illegal under U.S. federal law, and the enforcement of U.S. cannabis laws could change.

There are significant legal restrictions and regulations that govern the cannabis industry in the United States. Marijuana remains a Schedule I drug under the Controlled Substances Act, making it illegal under federal law in the United States to, among other things, cultivate, distribute or possess cannabis in the United States. In those states in which the use of marijuana has been legalized, its use remains a violation of federal law pursuant to the Controlled Substances Act. The Controlled Substances Act classifies marijuana as a Schedule I controlled substance, and as such, medical and adult use cannabis use is illegal under U.S.  federal  law.  Unless  and  until  the  U.S.  Congress  amends  the  Controlled  Substances Act  with  respect  to  marijuana  (and  the  President  approves  such amendment), there is a risk that federal authorities may enforce current federal law. Financial transactions involving proceeds generated by, or intended to promote,  cannabis-related  business  activities  in  the  United  States  may  form  the  basis  for  prosecution  under  applicable  U.S.  federal  money  laundering legislation.  While  the  approach  to  enforcement  of  such  laws  by  the  federal  government  in  the  United  States  has  trended  toward  non-enforcement  against individuals and businesses that comply with medical or adult-use cannabis regulatory programs in states where such programs are legal, strict compliance with state laws with respect to cannabis will neither absolve us of liability under U.S. federal law, nor will it provide a defense to any federal proceeding which may be  brought  against  us  should  we  expand  our  operations  into  the  U.S.  Since  U.S.  federal  law  criminalizing  the  use  of  marijuana  pre-empts  state  laws  that legalize its use, enforcement of federal law regarding marijuana may be a significant risk and could greatly harm our business, prospects, revenue, results of operation and financial condition if we were to expand our operations into the United States. We currently have no operations in the United States and no plans to expand our operations into the United States in the foreseeable future.

Our  activities  are,  and  will  continue  to  be,  subject  to  evolving  regulation  by  governmental  authorities.  The  legality  of  the  production,  cultivation, extraction, distribution, retail sales, transportation and use of cannabis differs among states in the United States. Due to the current regulatory environment in the United States, new risks may emerge; management may not be able to predict all such risks. Due to the conflicting views between state legislatures and the federal  government  regarding  cannabis,  cannabis  businesses  are  subject  to  inconsistent  laws  and  regulations.  There  can  be  no  assurance  that  the  federal government will not enforce federal laws relating to marijuana and seek to prosecute cases involving marijuana businesses that are otherwise compliant with state laws in the future. To date, federal enforcement agencies have taken little or no action against state-compliant cannabis businesses in the United States. However, the DOJ may change its enforcement policies at any time, with or without advance notice. The uncertainty of U.S. federal enforcement practices going forward and the inconsistency between U.S. federal and state laws and regulations may present risks for us if we expand our operations into the United States in the future.

## Risks Related to Financials and Accounting

## There are tax risks we may be subject to in carrying out our business in multiple jurisdictions.

We will operate and, accordingly, will be subject to income tax and other forms of taxation in multiple jurisdictions. We may be subject to income taxes and non-income taxes in a variety of jurisdictions and our tax structure may be subject to review by both domestic and foreign taxation authorities. Those tax authorities may disagree with our interpretation and/or application of relevant tax rules. A challenge by a tax authority in these circumstances might require us to incur costs in connection with litigation against the relevant tax authority or reaching a settlement with the tax authority and, if the tax authority's challenge is successful, could result in additional taxes (perhaps together with interest and penalties) being assessed on us, and as a result an increase in the amount of tax payable by us. In addition, we may be subject to different taxes imposed by the local governments in the jurisdictions where we operate, and changes within such tax, legal and regulatory framework may have an adverse effect on our financial results.

Taxation laws and rates which determine taxation expenses may vary significantly in different jurisdictions, and legislation governing taxation laws and rates are also subject to change. Therefore, our earnings may be affected by changes in the proportion of earnings taxed in different jurisdictions, changes in taxation rates, changes in estimates of liabilities and changes in the amount of other forms of taxation. The determination of our provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities will require significant judgment (including based on external advice) as to the interpretation and application of these rules. We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities or expenses.

## There  is  a  risk  that  we  will  be  a  passive  foreign  investment  company  ('PFIC')  for  U.S.  federal  income  tax  purposes  for  the  current  or  any  future taxable year, which could result in material adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences if you are a U.S. Holder.

If we (or any of our non-U.S. subsidiaries) are a PFIC for any taxable year during which a U.S. Holder owns Common Shares, certain adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences could apply to such U.S. Holder. The determination of whether a corporation is a PFIC for a taxable year depends, in part, on the application of complex U.S. federal income tax rules that are subject to differing interpretations. In addition, the determination of whether a corporation will be a PFIC for any taxable year generally can only be made after the close of such taxable year. Therefore, it is possible that we could be classified as a PFIC for our initial taxable year or in future years due to changes in the nature of our business, composition of our assets or income, as well as changes in our market capitalization. In particular, our PFIC status will depend, in part, on the amount of cash that we raise in this offering and how quickly we utilize the cash in our business. Based upon the foregoing, it is uncertain whether we will be a PFIC for our current taxable year or any future taxable year. We have not determined, if we (or any of our non-U.S. subsidiaries) were to be classified as a PFIC for a taxable year, whether we will provide information necessary for a U.S. Holder to make a 'qualified electing fund' election which, if available, would result in tax treatment different from (and generally less adverse than) the general tax treatment for PFICs. Accordingly, U.S. Holders should assume that they will not be able to make a qualified electing fund election with respect to our Common Shares. The PFIC rules are complex, and each U.S. Holder should consult his, her or its own tax advisor regarding the PFIC rules, the elections which may be available, and how the PFIC rules may affect the U.S. federal income tax consequences relating to the ownership and disposition of our Common Shares.

## Failure to develop our internal controls over financial reporting as we grow could have an adverse effect on our operations.

As we mature, we will need to continue to  develop  and  improve  our  current  internal  control  systems  and  procedures  to  manage  our  growth. We  are required  to  establish  and  maintain  appropriate  internal  controls  over  financial  reporting.  Failure  to  establish  appropriate  controls,  or  any  failure  of  those controls  once  established,  could  adversely  affect  our  public  disclosures  regarding  our  business,  financial  condition  or  results  of  operations.  In  addition, management's  assessment  of  internal  controls  over  financial  reporting  may  identify  weaknesses  and  conditions  that  need  to  be  addressed  in  our  internal controls over financial reporting or other matters that may raise concerns for investors.

## Risks Related to Our Common Shares

## We will need to raise additional funding, which may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed may force us to delay, limit or terminate our product and business development efforts or other operations.

We expect to have sufficient capital to fund our current operations at least through the middle of 2024. However, our operating plan may change as a result of many factors currently unknown to us, and we may need to seek additional funds sooner than planned, through public or private equity or debt financings, government  or  other  third-party  funding,  marketing  and  distribution  arrangements  and  other  collaborations,  strategic  alliances  or  a  combination  of  these approaches. Raising funds in the current economic environment may present additional challenges. It is not certain that we have accounted for all costs and expenses of future development and regulatory compliance. Even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans, we may seek additional capital if market conditions are favorable or if we have specific strategic considerations.

Any additional fundraising  efforts  may  divert  the  attention  of  our  management  team  from  their  day-to-day  activities,  which  may  adversely  affect  our ability to launch our business and develop and commercialize our products. In addition, we cannot guarantee that future financing will be available in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Moreover, the terms of any future financing may adversely affect the holdings or the rights of our shareholders, and the issuance of additional securities, whether equity or debt, by us, or the possibility of such issuance, may cause the market price of our shares to decline. The sale of additional equity or convertible securities may dilute our existing shareholders.

The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed payment obligations, and we may be required to agree to certain restrictive covenants, such as  limitations  on  our  ability  to  incur  additional  debt,  limitations  on  our  ability  to  acquire,  sell  or  license  intellectual  property  rights  and  other  operating restrictions  that  could  adversely  affect  our  ability  to  conduct  our  business.  For  example,  as  of  March  31,  2024,  the  Company  has  incurred  aggregated outstanding loans, including accrued interest, of approximately $1,326,682 from Halo (the 'Halo Debt'), making Halo a significant creditor of the Company. Even though the Halo Debt is unsecured, Halo may be able to influence our strategic goals, management and affairs, including use of available capital, capital raising  opportunities,  borrowing,  recapitalization,  and  any  acquisition,  sale,  merger,  or  consolidation  transactions.  The  interests  of  Halo  may  not  always coincide with the interests of the Company or the interests of shareholders and Halo may act in a manner that advances its best interests and not necessarily our Company. Additionally, there may be an inherent conflict of interest because our interim Chief Executive Officer and director, Ms. Katie Field, is serving as the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Halo.

We could  also  be  required  to  seek  funds  through  arrangements  with  collaborative  partners  or  otherwise  at  an  earlier  stage  than  otherwise  would  be desirable and we may be required to relinquish rights to some of our technologies or products or otherwise agree to terms unfavorable to us, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and prospects.

If  we are unable to obtain funding on a timely basis, we may be required to significantly curtail, delay or discontinue one or more of our research or development programs or the commercialization of any product, or be unable to expand our operations or otherwise capitalize on our business opportunities, as desired, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## Future sales and issuances of our capital stock or rights to purchase capital stock could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our shareholders and could cause the price of our Common Shares to decline.

We may issue additional securities. Future sales and issuances of our capital stock or rights to purchase our capital stock could result in substantial dilution to our existing shareholders. We may sell Common Shares, convertible securities, and other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner as we may determine from time to time. If we sell any such securities in subsequent transactions, investors may be materially diluted. New investors in such subsequent transactions could gain rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those of holders of our Common Shares.

## We incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company and our management is required to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives.

As a public company, particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company, we incur and will incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and rules implemented by the SEC and Nasdaq, impose various requirements  on  public  companies,  including  requirements  to  file  periodic  and  event-driven  reports  with  respect  to  our business and financial condition and operations and establish and maintain effective disclosure and financial controls and corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel have limited experience operating a public company, which may result in operational inefficiencies or errors, or a failure to improve  or  maintain  effective  internal  controls  over  financial  reporting  (' ICFR ')  and  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  necessary  to  ensure  timely  and accurate reporting of operational and financial results. Our existing management team will need to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives,  and  we  may  need  to  hire  additional  personnel  to  assist  us  with  compliance.  Moreover,  these  rules  and  regulations  will  increase  our  legal  and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time consuming and costly.

Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (' Section 404 '), we are required to furnish a report by our management on our ICFR, which, after we are no longer an emerging growth company, must be accompanied by an attestation report on ICFR issued by our independent registered public accounting firm. To achieve compliance with Section 404 within the prescribed period, we will document and evaluate our ICFR, which is both costly and challenging. In this  regard,  we  will  need  to  continue  to  dedicate  internal  resources,  potentially  engage  outside  consultants,  and  adopt  a  detailed  work  plan  to  assess  and document the adequacy of our ICFR, continue steps to improve control processes as appropriate,  validate  through  testing  that  controls  are  functioning  as documented, and implement a continuous reporting and improvement process for ICFR. If our management and/or auditors determine that there are one or more material  weaknesses  in  our  ICFR,  such  a  determination  could  cause  an  adverse  reaction  in  the  financial  markets  due  to  a  loss  of  confidence  in  the reliability of our consolidated financial statements.

In addition, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing  legal  and  financial  compliance  costs  and  making  some  public  company  required  activities  more  time  consuming.  These  laws,  regulations  and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated  by  ongoing  revisions  to  disclosure  and  governance  practices.  We  intend  to  invest  resources  to  comply  with  evolving  laws,  regulations  and standards,  and  this  investment  may  result  in  increased  general  and  administrative  expenses  and  divert  management's  time  and  attention  from  revenue generating activities to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be harmed.

Being  a  public  company  and  complying  with  applicable  rules  and  regulations  make  it  more  expensive  for  us  to  obtain  director  and  officer  liability insurance. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified executive officers and members of our Board.

## We may not be able to maintain a listing of our Common Shares on Nasdaq. If we fail to meet applicable listing requirements, Nasdaq may delist our Common Shares from trading, in which case the liquidity and market price of our Common Shares could decline.

Although our Common Shares are listed on Nasdaq, we must meet certain financial and liquidity criteria to maintain such listing. If we violate Nasdaq's listing  requirements, or if we fail to meet any of Nasdaq's listing standards, our Common Shares may be delisted. In addition, our board of directors may determine that the cost of maintaining our listing on a national securities exchange outweighs the benefits of such listing. A delisting of our Common Shares from Nasdaq may materially impair our shareholders' ability to buy and sell our Common Shares and could have an adverse effect on the market price of, and the efficiency of the trading market for, our Common Shares. The delisting of our Common Shares could significantly impair our ability to raise capital and the value of your investment.

We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet the continued listing standards of Nasdaq in the future. If we fail to comply with the applicable listing standards and Nasdaq delists our Common Shares, we and our shareholders could face significant material adverse consequences, including:

- a limited availability of market quotations for our Common Shares;
- reduced liquidity for our Common Shares;
- a determination that our Common Shares are 'penny stock', which would require brokers trading in our Common Shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our Common Shares;
- a limited amount of news about us and analyst coverage of us; and
- a decreased ability for us to issue additional equity securities or obtain additional equity or debt financing in the future.

On September 27, 2022, we received a letter from the staff of the Listing Qualifications Department of the Nasdaq, notifying the Company that it is not in compliance with the minimum bid price requirement set forth under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). It resulted from the fact that the closing bid price of the Company's Common Shares, was below $1.00 per share for a period of 30 consecutive business days. The letter also states that Nasdaq will provide the Company 180 calendar days, or until March 27, 2023 to regain compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). We effected a reverse share split at a ratio of 1-for-10 shares on March 9, 2023 in order to regain compliance.

On July 3, 2023, we received a new letter from the staff of the Listing Qualifications Department of the Nasdaq, notifying the Company that it is again not in compliance with the minimum bid price requirement set forth under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). It resulted from the fact that the closing bid price of the Company's Common Shares, below $1.00 per share for a period of 30 consecutive business days. The letter also states that Nasdaq will provide the Company 180 calendar days, or until January 1, 2024 to regain compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). To regain compliance, the Company's Common Shares must  have  a  closing  bid  price  of  at  least  $1.00  for  a  minimum  of  10  consecutive  business  days.  In  the  event  the  Company  does  not  regain  compliance by January 1, 2024 the Company may be eligible for additional time to regain compliance or may face delisting.

The receipt of the Notification Letter has no immediate effect on the listing of the Company's Common Shares, which will continue to trade uninterrupted on  Nasdaq  under  the  ticker  'AKAN'. We  intend  to  monitor  the  closing  bid  price  of  its  Common  Shares  and  may,  if  appropriate,  consider  implementing available options, including, but not limited to, implementing a reverse stock split of its Common Shares to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement under the Nasdaq listing rules.

## Receiving financial benefit directly or indirectly as a result of ownership of Common Shares may be subject to anti-money laundering laws in the United Kingdom.

Cannabis-related  financial  transactions,  including  investment  in  the  securities  of  cannabis  companies  and  receipt  of  any  associated  benefits,  such  as dividends, could be subject to anti-money laundering laws in the U.K., specifically the Proceeds of Crime Act, however the application of these laws is still developing. In the U.K., financial benefit directly or indirectly arising from conduct that would be considered unlawful if it were to take place in the U.K. may be viewed to be within the purview of these laws, and persons receiving any such benefit, including investors may be subject to liability under such laws. Each prospective  investor  should  therefore  contact  his,  her  or  its  own  legal  advisor  regarding  the  ownership  of  our  Common  Shares  and  any  related  potential liability.

## We are a foreign private issuer and take advantage of the less frequent and detailed reporting obligations applicable to foreign private issuers.

We are a 'foreign private issuer', as such term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act, and are not subject to the same requirements that are imposed upon U.S. domestic issuers by the SEC. Under the Exchange Act, we are subject to reporting obligations that, in certain respects, are less detailed and less frequent than those of U.S. domestic reporting companies. As a result, we do not file the same reports that a U.S. domestic issuer files with the SEC, although  we  are  required  to  file  with  or  furnish  to  the  SEC  the  continuous  disclosure  documents  that  we  are  required  to  file  in  Canada  under  Canadian securities laws, if applicable. In addition, our officers, directors, and principal shareholders are exempt from the reporting and 'short swing' profit recovery provisions  of  Section  16  of  the  Exchange Act.  Therefore,  our  shareholders  may  not  know  on  as  timely  a  basis  when  our  officers,  directors  and  principal shareholders purchase or sell shares.

As a foreign private issuer, we are exempt from the rules and regulations under the Exchange Act related to the furnishing and content of proxy statements. We are also exempt from Regulation FD, which prohibits issuers from making selective disclosures of material non-public information. While we comply with the corresponding requirements relating to proxy statements and disclosure of material non-public information under Canadian securities laws, if and when applicable,  these  requirements  differ  from  those  under  the  Exchange  Act  and  Regulation  FD  and  shareholders  should  not  expect  to  receive  the  same information at the same time as such information is provided by U.S. domestic companies. In addition, we have more time than U.S. domestic companies after the end of each fiscal year to file our annual report with the SEC and are not required under the Exchange Act to file quarterly reports with the SEC.

In addition, as a foreign private issuer, we have the option to follow certain Canadian corporate governance practices, except to the extent that such laws would be contrary to U.S. securities laws, and provided that we disclose the requirements we are not following and describe the Canadian practices we follow instead. We may in the future elect to follow home country practices in Canada with regard to certain corporate governance matters.

As a result, our shareholders may not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of U.S. domestic companies that are subject to all corporate governance requirements.

## We may lose our status as a foreign private issuer in the United States, which would result in increased costs related to regulatory compliance under United States securities laws.

We will cease to qualify as a 'foreign private issuer,' as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act and Rule 3b-4 under the Exchange Act, if, as of the last business day of our second fiscal quarter, more than 50% of our outstanding Common Shares are directly or indirectly owned by residents of the United States and any of the following three circumstances applies: (i) the majority of our executive officers or directors are U.S. citizens or residents; (ii) more than 50% of our assets are located in the United States; or (iii) our business is administered principally in the United States. If we determine that we fail to qualify as a foreign private issuer, we will cease to be eligible to avail ourselves of the forms and rules designated for foreign private issuers beginning on the first day of the fiscal year following such determination. Among other things, this will result in loss of the exemption from registration under the Exchange Act provided by Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, and, if we are required to register our Common Shares under section 12(g) of the Exchange Act, we will have to do so as a domestic issuer.  Further,  any  securities  that  we  issue  in  unregistered  or  unqualified  offerings  both  within  and  outside  the  United  States  will  be  'restricted securities' (as defined in Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act) and will continue to be subject to United States resale restrictions notwithstanding their resale in 'offshore transactions' pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. As a practical matter, this will likely require us to register more offerings of our securities under the Securities Act on either a primary offering or resale basis, even if they take place entirely outside the United States. The resulting legal and administrative costs of complying with the resulting regulatory requirements are anticipated to be substantial, and to subject us to additional exposure to liability for which we may not be able to obtain insurance coverage on favorable terms, or at all.

## If our share price fluctuates, you could lose a significant part of your investment.

The market price of our Common Shares could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to, among other things, the risk factors described in this section of the Annual Report on Form 20-F, and other factors beyond our control, such as fluctuations in the valuation of companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us.

Furthermore,  the  stock  markets  have  experienced  price  and  volume  fluctuations  that  have  affected  and  continue  to  affect  the  market  prices  of  equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. These broad market  and  industry  fluctuations,  as  well  as  general  economic,  political,  and  market  conditions,  such  as  recessions,  interest  rate  changes  or  international currency fluctuations, may negatively affect the market price of our Common Shares. In the past, many companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management's attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business.

The public offering price of our Common Shares has been determined by negotiations between us and the underwriter based upon many factors and may not be indicative of prices that will prevail following the closing of this offering. V olatility in the market price of our Common Shares may prevent investors from being able to sell their shares at or above the public offering price. As a result, you may suffer a loss on your investment.

## Investors may be unable to enforce judgments against our directors and officers because our directors and officers reside outside of the United States.

We are incorporated under the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada and most of our assets are located outside of the United States. Furthermore, most of our directors and officers reside outside of the United States in Canada and the United Kingdom. As a result, investors may not be able to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or officers or enforce against them in U.S. courts, judgments predicated on U.S. securities laws. Likewise, it may also be difficult for an investor to enforce in U.S. courts, judgments obtained against these persons in courts located in jurisdictions outside of the United States.

As a result of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of our Board of Directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a U.S. based company.

## We do not intend to pay dividends on our Common Shares in the near future, and, consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our Common Shares.

We have never declared or paid any cash dividend on our Common Shares and do not currently intend to do so in the foreseeable future. We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Therefore, the success of an investment in our Common Shares will depend upon any future appreciation in their value. There is no guarantee that our Common Shares will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which you purchased them.

## If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about us, our share price and trading volume could decline.

The trading market for our Common Shares will depend, in part, on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our operations. We do not have any control over these analysts and their research and reports. Securities and industry analysts do not currently, and may never, publish research on our business. If no security or industry analysts commence coverage on us, the trading price for our Common Shares would likely be negatively affected. In the event securities or industry analysts initiate coverage, if one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our shares or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our share price would likely decline. In addition, if our operating results fail to meet the forecast of analysts, our share price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our shares could decrease, which might cause our share price and trading volume to decline.

## ITEM 4. INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY

## A. History and Development of the Company

Akanda Corp. was incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada on July 16, 2021 in connection with the plan of Halo to reorganize its medical cannabis market focused international business assets. In September 2021, we entered into a share purchase agreement with Halo, a publicly-traded, vertically integrated multinational cannabis company (NEO: HALO) (OTCQX: HCANF) (Germany: A9KN). Pursuant to this agreement, we acquired all the issued and outstanding equity interests of Cannahealth Limited, a Republic of Malta company (' Cannahealth '), from Halo (the ' Cannahealth Acquisition ').

At the closing of the Cannahealth Acquisition on November 3, 2021, Cannahealth owned all the issued and outstanding equity interests of Canmart and Bophelo Holdings, which owned all the issued and outstanding equity interests of Bophelo. As a result of the Acquisition, both Bophelo and Canmart became our indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries. As consideration for this Acquisition, we issued 1,312,921 Common Shares to Halo at a price of $10.00 per share, resulting in Halo owning approximately 68.3% of all our outstanding Common Shares at the closing of the Cannahealth Acquisition.

On November 12, 2021, Halo transferred 210,000 Common Shares to an unaffiliated party, 1306077B.C. LTD. (the ' Halo Transferee '), which resulted in Halo owning 49.6% of our issued and outstanding Common Shares (the ' Halo Transfer ')  at  the  time.  On  14  March  2022,  and  pursuant  to  a  convertible debenture agreement between Akanda and Halo, Akanda issued 164,574 Common Shares to Halo to settle the principal amount and accrued interest (at the time of conversion) of $6,582,980 owing to Halo in terms of the convertible debenture agreement.

On April 20, 2022, Akanda, Cannahealth, The Flowr Corporation (' Flowr ') and Holigen Holdings Limited (' Holigen '), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Flowr entered into a share purchase agreement (the ' Holigen Agreement ') whereby Cannahealth would acquire 100% of the ordinary shares of Holigen, which is  the  holding company of RPK Biopharma, Unipessoal, LDA (' RPK '),  a  cultivator and manufacturer of medical cannabis products based in Portugal (the ' Holigen Acquisition '). The Holigen Acquisition closed on April 29, 2022.

The Purchase Price for the Holigen Acquisition was comprised of (i) of $3,000,000 in cash and (ii) 190,000 Common Shares, no par value per share, of Akanda (the ' Akanda Shares ').  The Akanda Shares were issued pursuant to Regulation S of the Securities Act. Concurrent to the closing of the Holigen Acquisition, Akanda purchased 14,285,714 Common Shares of Flowr for an aggregate purchase price of CAD$999,999.98.

RPK's operations consist of a 20,000 square foot indoor EU GMP certified grow facility located near Sintra, Lisbon, Portugal, dedicated to the cultivation of high-THC premium cannabis as well as a large seven million square foot (180+ acre) outdoor facility located in Aljustrel. In 2020, Holigen grew more than 20 high-THC strains at the Aljustrel facility making it the largest outdoor medical cannabis grow in the EU. Combined, these facilities provide the flexibility of capacity in Portugal to produce approximately seven tonnes annually, and have consistently been harvesting with THC levels of approximately at least 25%.

Flowr entered into a lock-up agreement with Akanda, pursuant to which they agreed not to sell any Akanda Shares for a period of eleven (11) months following  the  closing  date  of  the  Holigen Acquisition,  with  limited  exceptions  as  discussed  in  the  Holigen Agreement.  Flowr  also  entered  into  restrictive covenant agreements pursuant to which they agreed that they will not compete with the business conducted by Holigen nor solicit its employees for a period of two years following the closing date. Pursuant to the Holigen Agreement, Flowr also agreed to customary indemnifications for the benefit of Cannahealth and Akanda. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Holigen Agreement which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Akanda's Report Form 6-K filed on April 27, 2022 and is incorporated by reference herein.

On July 15, 2022, our indirect wholly-owned subsidiary Bophelo, a Lesotho company, was placed into liquidation by the High Court of Lesotho (the ' Lesotho Court ') pursuant to an unauthorized application and request (the ' Liquidation Application ') that was filed by Louisa Mojela, our former Executive Chairman, who was terminated as Executive Chairman of Akanda in July 2022, and the Mophuti Matsoso Development Trust (' MMD Trust '),  which  we believe was established by Ms. Mojela. Mr. Chavonnes Cooper of Cape Town, South Africa, was appointed by the Lesotho Court as liquidator of Bophelo for purposes of maintaining the value of the assets owned or managed by Bophelo. We intend to seek to recover significant loans made to Bophelo to fund the execution of Bophelo's business plan, including payment of rents and staffing costs in the event that the Lesotho Court does not reverse its determination to place Bophelo in liquidation. As a result of Bophelo's liquidation, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we determined that we no longer controlled Bophelo. As a result of the loss of control, we derecognized the net assets of Bophelo and accounted for the operating results as discontinued operation.

On August 9, 2022, we entered into a cooperation agreement with Cansativa GmbH (' Cansativa Group ') to allow the Cansativa platform to supply the German market with dried flowers from Akanda's EU-GMP certified indoor grow facility in Sintra, Portugal. All pharmacies in Germany will be able to purchase these products through the Cansativa platform.

On September 13, 2022, we entered into an exclusive license agreement with international cannabis lifestyle brand Cookies. The multi-year agreement enables us to pursue the current medical and future adult-use opportunities in Europe with what we believe is one of the best-known cannabis brands and highest  quality  genetics  in  the  world.  Under  the  terms  of  the  license  agreement, Akanda  gains  the  ability  to  cultivate,  manufacture  and  distribute  Cookies strains,  and  the  rights  to  sell  Cookies  branded  products,  including  non-cannabis  merchandise,  in  Portugal. Akanda  intends  to  initially  produce  EU  GMP certified  Cookies  branded  high  THC  medical  cannabis  products  at  its  flagship  indoor  premium  cultivation  and  manufacturing  facility  in  Sintra,  Portugal. Additionally, Akanda is able to exclusively open and operate flagship Cookies branded pharmacy outlets throughout the country. Cookies, founded in 2010 by Billboard-charting rapper and entrepreneur Berner and Bay Area breeder and cultivator Jai, offers a collection of over 70 proprietary cannabis cultivars and more than 2,000 products.

Akanda's EU GMP certified indoor grow facility in Sintra received its first purchase order in September 2022. Akanda recently entered into an agreement to deliver 1,000 kilograms of high-grade medical cannabis flower to German pharmacies through the Cansativa platform. Cansativa is the only company in Germany permitted to distribute domestically grown cannabis. Cansativa will have a right of first refusal (ROFR) to take on additional quantities that could result in the full capacity utilization of RPK's 2,000 kilograms per annum indoor production capacity. Akanda is targeting a leading 10% market share position of German medical cannabis imports, with room for additional expansion and growth. Germany has imported medical cannabis from numerous countries, with Portugal becoming an increasingly larger player gaining ground on Canada, the leader in this space. Holigen is one of few publicly traded companies that is a Europe-based  cultivator,  manufacturer  and  distributor  of  EU  GMP  certified  medical  cannabis.  Holigen  hosts  a  one-of-a-kind  20,000  square  foot  indoor cultivation site in Sintra dedicated to the cultivation of high THC premium cannabis as well as a 600,000 square foot outdoor facility located two hours south in Aljustrel.

On November 30, 2022, our former Chief Executive Officer, Tejinder Virk was placed on a paid leave of absence due to an internal investigation into Mr. Virk's conduct as our Chief Executive Officer and as a director of Canmart. In February 2023, Mr. Virk notified us of his resignation as our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Virk's resignation was a result of disagreement with us regarding contractual obligations owed pursuant to the Service Agreement between Mr. Virk, Halo Labs Inc., as guarantor, and Canmart Limited. According to Mr. Virk, the Company and Canmart committed a breach of the Service Agreement by failing to pay him monies and benefits owed following his placement on a paid leave of absence in November 2022. On February 13, 2023, we notified Mr. Virk that he has was summarily dismissed. On May 12, 2023, Mr. Virk issued a claim for detriment and dismissal for alleged protected disclosures totaling £1,630,302.22. The claim has been denied in it's entirely. As of December 28, 2023, the list of issues to be agreed upon are outstanding and pending further discovery, bundle to be agreed by February 1, 2024, witness statements due for exchange by March 28, 2024.

On March 9, 2023, we implemented a 1-for-10 reverse stock split of our Common Shares. Every 10 shares of our issued and outstanding Common Shares were automatically converted into one issued and outstanding common share. No fractional shares were issued as a result of the reverse stock split. Instead, any fractional shares that resulted from the split were rounded down to the next whole number. The reverse stock split affected all shareholders uniformly and did not  alter  any  shareholder's  percentage  interest  in  the  Company's  outstanding  Common  Shares,  except  for  adjustments  that  resulted  from  the  treatment  of fractional shares.

In July 2022, our former Executive Chairman, Louisa Mojela was summarily terminated as Chairman of Bophelo for Cause, as a 'bad leaver'. In the event that the Lesotho Court does not reverse its determination to place Bophelo in liquidation, we plan to seek to recover significant loans that we have made to Bophelo to fund the execution of Bophelo's business plan, including payment of rents and staffing costs. On October 20, 2022 Ms. Mojela filed a claim against Canmart and Akanda for wrongful termination of her Service Agreement. Ms. Mojela sought £1,832,150.62 plus further administrative and legal fees. The Company denied her claim and lodged a counterclaim lodged for losses caused by Ms. Mojela including a loan of US $6,849,935.69 Akanda advanced to Bophelo. As at December 31, 2023, Ms. Mojela's entire application failed. At the Consequentials hearing on January 15, 2024 Canmart and Akanda were awarded £60,000 in legal costs. Ms. Mojela is pursuing an appeal.

On September  20,  2023,  the  Company  announced  the  signing  of  an  option  to  develop  Canadian  THC  and  CBD  farming  facility.  The  Company  and 1107385 B.C. LTD, have agreed upon terms to purchase farming land and related operations and licenses, pursuant to which, the key deal terms are as follows:

- Akanda will issue a non-refundable payment equal to One Million Eight Hundred Thousand United States Dollars (USD1,800,000) and if paid in Common Shares of Akanda will be based on formula to calculate the per share price as set forth in the agreement. The initial payment will be broken up into the First Option Payment, the Second Option Payment and the Third Option Payment, upon signing, 15 days after signing, 30 days after signing respectively.
- This buys Akanda the right to develop the property for two years. The Company plans during this time period to develop Tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) and  CBD  facilities  at  this  site. Additional  payments  will  be  made  based  upon  milestones  achieved  from  the  development. Additional  milestones include THC cultivation, sales of product, CBD cultivation, and Hemp cultivation. This is similar to a mining agreement where operators buy the right to mine a site. In this case the Company has purchased the right to develop the farming land.

## Recent Developments since January 1, 2024

On January 4, 2024, the Company announced that it received an extension of 180 calendar days from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC to regain compliance with the Nasdaq's minimum $1.00 bid price requirement set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market, following the expiration of the initial 180 calendar days period to regain compliance on January 2, 2024.

## Sale of RPK

On February 28, 2024, the Company entered into a share purchase agreement with Somai Pharmaceuticals Ltd ('Somai'), Cannahealth and Holigen to sell all the shares of RPK to Somai for a consideration of $2,000,000, subject to certain closing conditions, customary representations and warranties, covenants and indemnification obligations. On April 1, 2024, the Company completed the transaction with Somai for the sale of RPK. For a detailed description of the transaction, please see below under ' Business Overview .'

## Financing Transactions

On February 1, 2024, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an accredited investor in connection with the issuance and sale by the Company in a registered direct offering (the 'Registered Direct Offering') at market price in accordance with Nasdaq rules of 280,851 Common Shares at a purchase price of $0.406 per share, and pre-funded warrants to purchase 1,462,991 Common Shares at a purchase price of $0.4059 per pre-funded warrant, and the exercise price of each pre-funded warrant is $0.0001 per share, pursuant to the Company's effective shelf registration statement on Form F-3 (File No. 333276577) and a related base prospectus, together with the related prospectus supplement dated as of February 2, 2024, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The pre-funded warrants were immediately exercisable and may be exercised at any time until all of the pre-funded warrants are exercised in full, subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations as set forth in the pre-funded warrant. The closing of the issuance of the Common Shares and pre-funded warrants occurred on February 2, 2024. The gross proceeds from the offering were approximately $708,000 before deducting the financial advisor's fees and other estimated expenses relating to such offering. All of the pre-funded warrants have been exercised in accordance with their terms.

On March 1, 2024, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an accredited investor in connection with the issuance and sale by the Company in a Registered Direct Offering of 367,870 Common Shares at a purchase price of $0.20544 per share, and pre-funded warrants to purchase 361,972 Common Shares at a purchase price of $0.20534 per pre-funded warrant, and the exercise price of each pre-funded warrant is $0.0001 per share, pursuant to the Company's  effective  shelf  registration  statement  on  Form  F-3  (File  No.  333-276577)  and  a  related  base  prospectus,  together  with  the  related  prospectus supplement dated as of March 1, 2024, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The pre-funded warrants were immediately exercisable and may be exercised at any time until all of the pre-funded warrants are exercised in full, subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations as set forth in the pre-funded warrant. The closing of the issuance of the Common Shares and pre-funded warrants occurred on March 4, 2024. The gross proceeds from the offering were approximately $150,000 before deducting the financial advisor's fees and other estimated expenses relating to such offering. All of the pre-funded warrants have been exercised in accordance with their terms.

On March 4, 2024, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an accredited investor in connection with the issuance and sale by the Company in a Registered Direct Offering of 367,870 Common Shares at a purchase price of $0.16872 per share, and pre-funded warrants to purchase 373,002 Common Shares at a purchase price of $0.16862 per pre-funded warrant, and the exercise price of each pre-funded warrant is $0.0001 per share, pursuant to the Company's  effective  shelf  registration  statement  on  Form  F-3  (File  No.  333-276577)  and  a  related  base  prospectus,  together  with  the  related  prospectus supplement dated as of March 4, 2024, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The pre-funded warrants were immediately exercisable and may be exercised at any time until all of the pre-funded warrants are exercised in full, subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations as set forth in the pre-funded warrant. The closing of the issuance of the Common Shares and pre-funded warrants occurred on March 5, 2024. The gross proceeds from the offering were approximately $125,000 before deducting the financial advisor's fees and other estimated expenses relating to such offering. All of the pre-funded warrants have been exercised in accordance with their terms.

On March 25, 2024, the Company entered into a firm commitment underwriting agreement with Univest Securities, LLC ('Univest'), as the underwriter in connection with the issuance and sale by the Company in an underwritten public offering of 3,087,443 Common Shares at a purchase price of $0.1217 per share, and pre-funded warrants to purchase 37,997,190 Common Shares at a purchase price of $0.1216 per pre-funded warrant, pursuant to the Company's effective registration statement on Form F-1 (File No.: 333-277182) and a related preliminary prospectus, together with the related final prospectus dated as of March 26, 2024, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The pre-funded warrants were immediately exercisable and may be exercised at any time until all of the pre-funded warrants are exercised in full, subject to certain beneficial ownership limitation as set forth in the pre-funded warrant. The gross proceeds from the underwritten public offering were $5,000,000 before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions, and estimated expenses payable by the Company. The closing of the underwritten public offering occurred on March 27, 2024. 20,085,234 of the pre-funded warrants have been exercised in accordance with their terms.

## Shareholder Meeting

On March 22, 2024, the Company held its 2023 annual shareholder meeting and a special meeting of shareholders. The shareholders of the Company approved the following proposals, amongst others:

- authorize the board of directors to select one or more share Consolidation ratios of between 10 pre-consolidation Common Shares for one (1) postconsolidation  Common  Share  and  100  pre-consolidation  Common  Shares  for  one  (1)  post-  consolidation  Common  Share,  provided  that,  (A)  the cumulative effect of such share consolidation shall not result in a consolidation ratio that exceeds 100 pre-share consolidation Common Shares for one (1)  post-share  consolidation  Common  Share,  and  (B)  such  share  consolidation  occurs  prior  to  the  earlier  of  the  12  month  anniversary  of  the shareholders meeting and the next annual meeting of shareholders.
- a new thirty percent (30%) evergreen 2024 Equity Incentive Plan, which was adopted by the board of directors on February 26, 2024.
- authorize the proposed RPK sale transaction to Somai.

## Resignation of Harvinder Singh

On April 24, 2024, Mr. Harvinder Singh resigned as an independent director of the Board of Directors of the Company. A Resignation and Mutual Release Agreement dated April 24, 2024 was entered between the Company and Mr. Singh, pursuant to which the Company agreed to pay Harvinder Singh a separation and release amount of $50,000.

Our principal executive offices and mailing address are located at 1a, 1b Learoyd Road New Romney TN28 8XU, United Kingdom, and our telephone number is +44 (203) 488-9514.

The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC on www.sec.gov . You can also find information on our website akandacorp.com . The information contained on our website is not a part of this annual report.

## B. Business Overview

## Background

We are a cannabis cultivation, manufacturing and distribution company whose mission is to provide premium quality medical cannabis products to patients worldwide. We are an early stage, emerging growth company headquartered in London, the United Kingdom. We have a limited operating history and minimal revenues  to  date.  Canmart  is  our  operating  and  wholly-owned  subsidiary.  We  expect  to  expand  their  local  operations  and  develop  sales  channels  of  our medicinal-grade cannabis products and cannabis based medical and wellness products in international markets and in particular, in Europe.

## Canmart Ltd

Our indirect wholly-owned subsidiary Canmart, a company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales, is a licensed importer and distributor of CBPMs in the United Kingdom (UK). Canmart holds a Controlled Drug License issued by the Home Office to possess and supply CBPMs in the UK.

This license  expired  on  February  3,  2022  and  needs  to  be  renewed  annually. We  applied  for  the  license  renewal  in  January  2022,  coinciding  with  an application to increase import capabilities to Schedule 1 (bulk product) and we are currently awaiting a response from the UK Home Office. We have decided to not take up the Schedule 1 license and focus on where our expertise lie in the distribution of goods safely and effectively. Until such time that the renewal application  is  approved  by  the  UK  Home  Office,  Canmart  can  continue  with  its  day  to  day  business  under  the  conditions  of  its  existing  license.  Canmart continues to receive new import licenses issued by the UK Home Office for every specific shipment of CBPMs and Canmart has thus far successfully imported over  100kgs  of  product  for  distribution  in  the  UK.  Canmart  holds  both  a  Manufacturer's  Specials  License  for  importation  of  CBPMs  and  a  Wholesale Distribution Authorization from the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency.

Canmart commenced importing and distributing CBPMs in 2020. Under the current controlled drugs regulatory regime, Canmart is only able to supply to dispensing pharmacists and other wholesale distributors, tied in with prescribing and clinic partners. However, Canmart's has reduced its plan for Canmartowned and operated clinics and pharmacies to instead provide third party and specialist import and distribution services for Schedule 2 products including CBPM's. Canmart continues to work further with premium product suppliers to bring safe, effective and required products to market that patients demand, and working with existing and new clinical cannabis operations in the UK to provide third party products.

## Cannahealth Limited

Our direct  wholly-owned subsidiary Cannahealth, a Republic of Malta company, is a holding company of all the ownership interests in Canmart and Holigen. Cannahealth does not engage in any operations.

## Holigen Holdings Limited

In May 2022, our wholly owned subsidiary, Cannahealth, acquired 100% of the ordinary shares of Holigen and its wholly-owned operating subsidiary, RPK Biopharma Unipessoal, LDA from the Flowr Corporation. Through its operations in RPK, Holigen is a producer of premium EU GMP grade indoor grown cannabis flower. The acquisition of Holigen enabled us to produce EU GMP grade cannabis flower for the European market, in particular Germany and the UK.

## RPK Biopharma Unipessoal, LDA

RPK  Biopharma  Unipessoal,  LDA's  operations  consist  of  a  20,000  square  foot  indoor  EU  GMP  certified  grow  facility  located  near  Sintra,  Lisbon, Portugal, dedicated to the cultivation of high-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) premium cannabis and yielding over 2,000 kg of flower per year. This outdoor and greenhouse  expansion  site  in  Portugal  affords  scaliable  cultivation  as  well  as  a  600,000  square  foot  outdoor  facility  located  in  Aljustrel,  Portugal.  RPK currently sells over 25 percent high THC flower into Germany, the largest medical cannabis market in Europe as well as selling into the United Kingdom generating revenues and ready to scale. RPK also features a genetics and retail partnership with Cookies, one of the world's top cannabis brands and genetics have already been received at our Portuguese facility and ready to cultivate. In addition, we believe the Sintra facility is the only commercial scale premium indoor EU GMP certified and licensed grow in Portugal. RPK generates revenue through a German company's offtake agreement of its clean testing nonirradiated quality flower. The facility has a purpose-built design, with all unnecessary equipment residing outside of the rooms to reduce contamination risk and self-contained modular grow rooms result in better environmental control. There is no irradiation required and we believe less than 10% of licensed producer's have this ability. RPK's other business lines include contract manufacturing services and distribution services. RPK has a senior bank lender with a mortgage secured by the facility and an equipment leasing agreement. The Company is currently in discussions with the bank to obtain more time to restructure and bring current these agreements.

On January 21, 2024, the Company entered into an amended non-binding letter of intent with Somai Pharmaceuticals Ltd. ('Somai') for the sale of RPK (the 'LOI'). The term of the LOI was extended through March 31, 2024, and the purchase price therein was amended to an aggregate of $2,000,000 from $2,700,000, which include up to approximately $4,000,000 Euros of RPK's liabilities. In addition, a deposit of $500,000 was placed in an escrow account with the remainder of the balance due upon successful completion of said the proposed transaction. The precise terms of the proposed transaction will be negotiated and contained in a definitive agreement. On February 28, 2024, the Company entered in a definitive share purchase agreement with Somai, Cannahealth and Holigen. Under the terms of the share purchase agreement, Somai is acquiring all of the shares of RPK for a consideration of $2,000,000, subject to certain closing conditions, customary representations and warranties, covenants and indemnification obligations.

On April 1, 2024, the Company completed the transaction with Somai for the sale of RPK. Pursuant to the provisions set forth in the definitive share purchase agreement, the cash purchase price is $2,000,000. In addition Somai is assuming up to 1,000,000 Euros of current liabilities and RPK's debt with the senior secured lender bank, Caixa Agricola. In total Somai is assuming approximately 4,000,000 Euros of debt. In accordance with the terms of the proposed transaction,  a  deposit  amounting  to  $500,000  was  released  from  a  joint  escrow  account  and  the  remainder  of  the  purchase  price  was  paid  directly  to  the Company.

## Bophelo Bio Science and Wellness (Pty) Ltd

Our indirect wholly-owned subsidiary Bophelo, a Lesotho company, is focused on the cultivation of cannabis, the production of medical cannabis products including dried flower, oils, and other concentrates and the supply of such medical cannabis products to wholesalers in international markets. As a result of Bophelo's liquidation, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we determined that we no longer controlled Bophelo. As a result of the loss of control, we derecognized the net assets of Bophelo and accounted for the operating results as discontinued operation.

## 1900 Ferne Road, Gabriola Island, British Columbia

On September 20, 2023, Akanda acquired the right  to  develop  a  Canadian  farming  property  in  British  Columbia,  including  farming  land  and  related operations and licenses, from 1107385 B.C. LTD. We plan to develop THC and CBD facilities at this site. We agreed to issue a non-refundable payment equal to $1,800,000 and if paid in our Common Shares will be based on formula to calculate the per share price as set forth in the agreement. The initial payment will be broken up into the First Option Payment, the Second Option Payment and the Third Option Payment, upon signing, 15 days after signing, 30 days after signing  respectively.  On  September  22,  2023,  we  paid  the  First  Option  Payment  by  issuing  879,895  Common  Shares.  We  have  paid  the  Second  Option Payment of $600,000 and the Third Option Payment of $600,000. Additional payments to the seller will be made based upon milestones achieved from the development, including THC cultivation, sales of product, CBD cultivation, and hemp cultivation.

## Competition

## European Union

Our main competitors in Portugal are the other 34 companies licensed by INFARMED for activities with cannabis, but specifically the others that are EUGMP  certified  (as  of  Jan.  1,  2023)  such  as  Tilray  Portugal,  Unipessoal,  Lda,  Portocanna  SA,  Agrivab  Medical  Cannabis,  and  Clever  Leaves  Portugal Unipessoal  Lda.  (as  of April  2023,  Tilray  and  Clever  Leaves  have  decided  to  close  or  reduce  operations  in  Portugal).  There  is  an  increasing  number  of companies with applications to enter the cultivation market in Portugal, many of them at this time were not able secure sales contracts which has led to closure of many competitors. The German market has just recently voted in favor legalizing cannabis but it does not yet have cultivation facilities in the country and is dependent on import from other nations.

## United Kingdom

The United Kingdom's CBPM market is a highly regulated and restricted operational environment. CBPMs is supplied as a 'special's medication' with no marketing authorization for medical claims. Canmart has identified an opportunity to grow its business in the expanding CBPM sector by establishing direct sales channels to patients. Our primary competition is from three established suppliers including The Lyphe Group, the pioneer in this sector which operates The Medical Cannabis Clinics, Grow Pharma and IPS Pharma which are established specials formulators and have moved to supplying medical cannabis through their associated clinics. Canmart is establishing sales channels to communicate and market directly to patients as an innovative and disruptive sales model in this field. Canmart's strategy is to expand its customer base and market size by identifying patients with specific conditions and needs and providing easy-to-access education and consultations to patients about medical benefits of CBPMs based on observational clinical studies from international studies.

## Canada

## CBD

The industry in which we operate is subject to intense and increasing competition. The Canadian hemp industry has grown to over 130,000 acres, and Canada has established a global leadership position in producing hemp grain for food. Hemp could become Canada's next 'canola'. Innovation and technology development in this industry has been almost exclusively privately funded and enabled to date.  CBD competitors include Charlotte's Web, Cresco Labs, and the Valens Company.

## THC

Some of the larger competitors in this segment include Aleafia Health/ Red White and Bloom, WeedMD, and 48 North. We believe this market is worthwhile to enter as long as we can keep costs down and deliver high yields. There remains 63.2 million square feet of outdoor area licensed for cannabis production, according to Health Canada down from 76.7 million square feet in 2021.

## Business Partnerships

In August 2022, we entered into a cooperation agreement with Cansativa Group to allow the Cansativa platform to supply the German market with dried flowers from Akanda's EU-GMP certified indoor grow facility in Sintra, Portugal. All pharmacies in Germany will be able to purchase these products through the Cansativa platform.

In September 2022, we entered into an exclusive license agreement with international cannabis lifestyle brand Cookies. The multi-year agreement enables us to pursue the current medical and future adult-use opportunities in Europe with what we believe is one of the best-known cannabis brands and highest quality genetics in the world. Under the terms of the license agreement, Akanda gains the ability to cultivate, manufacture and distribute Cookies strains, and the rights to sell Cookies branded products, including non-cannabis merchandise, in Portugal. Akanda intends to initially produce EU GMP certified Cookies branded high THC medical cannabis products at its flagship indoor premium cultivation and manufacturing facility in Sintra, Portugal. Additionally, Akanda is able to exclusively open and operate flagship Cookies branded pharmacy outlets throughout the country.

In April 2024, the Company completed the transaction with Somai for the sale of RPK and as a result will not continue with the cooperation agreements stated above.

## Regulation

## Regulatory Framework in the United Kingdom

## CBD Regulation - Overview

Cannabis, cannabis resin, cannabinol and other cannabinol derivatives (among others) are listed as Class B controlled drugs under Schedule 2, of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971, or the MDA, based on a harms assessment. They are also listed under Schedule 1 to the Misuse of Drugs Regulations 2001, or the MDR, together with other chemical constituents such as the cannabinoid THC (defined below). As such, it is unlawful to cultivate, possess, supply, produce, import  or  export  these  controlled  drugs  except  under  license.  The  Hemp  (Third  Country  Imports)  Regulations  2002  also  require,  except  in  specified circumstances, that hemp from non-EU countries be imported under a license and, in the case of hemp seeds other than for sowing, under an authorization.

CBD is one of the main chemical compounds found in the cannabis plant, together with THC. CBD, as an isolated substance (i.e . containing no THC) is not a controlled drug under the MDA/MDR. Unlike CBD, THC is the main 'psychoactive' component of cannabis and is a controlled drug.

A CBD product containing THC (in any amount), or any other controlled cannabinoid under the regulations cannot be practically prescribed, administered or supplied to the public unless it is an 'exempt product' or a cannabis based product for medicinal use in humans, or CBPM. CBPMs are subject to further regulation and licensing given the medicinal purpose for which they are marketed and prescribed.

The U.K. Home Office (specifically,  the  Drugs  &amp;  Firearms  Licensing  Unit,  or  DFLU)  prescribes  two  separate  licensing  regimes  relating  to  cannabis cultivation, according to whether the varieties are high THC (above 0.2% THC content) or low THC (below 0.2% THC content). A license is required to cover both cultivation and possession.

The sale of CBD products (i.e. the 'finished products' following extraction and processing of CBD into products) is subject to additional regulations and licensing regimes - see below CBD Extraction for General Commercial Purposes and CBD Extraction for Medicinal Purposes for a more detailed discussion .

## Controlled Drugs License

Companies wishing to possess, supply, produce/manufacture, import or export 'controlled drugs' can only lawfully do so under Controlled Drugs Licenses issued by the Home Office. Licenses are issued for specific drugs, entities and locations and cannot be transferred to other drugs, entities or locations.

Applications for a controlled drug license are submitted online and prospective licensees are advised that it can take up to 16 weeks for the Home Office to review and ensure that various security and record- keeping requirements have been met. Where an enhanced DBS check has been obtained within the last three years for all persons named on the application, such checks do not need to be repeated. The DFLU may also conduct site visits, where needed. The term of the license is one year from the date of issuance and further applications are required to be submitted for each license to be renewed.

Companies wishing to import 'controlled drugs' will need to apply to the Home Office for a separate import license for each shipment.

Canmart holds a Controlled Drug Licenses issued by the Home Office to possess and supply CBPMs in the United Kingdom. This license expires on February 3, 2022. Canmart is required to apply for import licenses from the Home Office for each individual shipment and has, as of 2021 when shipping of CBPMs to Canmart commenced, been successful in applying for those import licenses as required.

## CBD Extraction for General Commercial (Retail) Purposes

CBD products such as CBD oil are becoming increasingly prevalent in the U.K. retail market. Where a CBD product contains a controlled drug (in any quantity) such as THC, the product needs to satisfy the requirements for an 'exempt product' under the MDR to be lawfully available to the public.

In general, an exempt product is a product containing a controlled drug that is: (a) not designed to be administered to a human being or animal, (b) not packaged in such a way that it can be recovered by readily applicable means, and (c) does not contain more than 1 mg (per container) of the controlled drug. All three prongs are required to be established, including significant testing by an independent and licensing U.K. company and the provision of comprehensive and independently verifiable research and information. Notably, the 0.2% THC threshold for the cultivation of industrial hemp does not apply to CBD finished products, Rather, only 1 mg of THC (per container) is permissible in any given product that is placed on the U.K. market.

## CBD Extraction for Medicinal Purposes (Medical Cannabis)

CBPMs are preparations or products that: (a) contain cannabis or other cannabinol derivatives, (b) are produced for medicinal use in humans, and (c) are a medicinal product, substance or preparation for use as an ingredient in a medicinal product. A CBD preparation or product containing controlled cannabinoids ( e.g. , THC) which meets the three prongs of this definition may be classed as a CBPM.

Companies wishing to possess, supply and or import/export CBPMs will require a controlled drug license in addition to a high-THC cannabis cultivation license if they are involved in production/manufacturing, which are both issued by the Home Office, unless an exemption applies to that licensing requirement.

In addition, the regulation of CBPMs in the United Kingdom is undertaken by the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency, or MHRA. The MHRA is responsible for ensuring all medicines and medical devices in the United Kingdom are safe and appropriate in accordance with the Human Medicines Regulations 2012 (SI 2012/1916), or HMR. Under the HMR, CBPMs can only be manufactured and assembled in accordance with the specifications of a doctor listed on the General Medical Council Specialist Register and must meet a 'special' clinical need of the individual patient.

The manufacturer, assembler or importer/exporter of a CBPM must also hold a Manufacturer's 'Specials' License, which is granted by the Licensing Authority (specifically, the U.K. Ministers designated under the HMR) for all medicinal products for human use. The manufacturing, storage and/or assembly site and its operations will be inspected for compliance with the European Union's 'good manufacturing practice' and the conditions of the license. These require that the manufacture, storage and/or assembly is carried out under the supervision of appropriately qualified staff, including a named quality controller and production manager, who are acceptable to the Licensing Authority. License applications are submitted online to the MHRA and take approximately 90 business days to process.

The distributer of a CBPM must also hold a Distribution Authorization issued by the Licensing Authority. All distributers of medicinal products for human use must have a similar license. Canmart holds both a Manufacturer's Specials License for importation of CBPMs and a Wholesale Distribution Authorization.

## CBD Sales and 'Novel Food' Status

In the United Kingdom, the sale of CBD products falls under the regulatory purview of the U.K. Food Standards Agency, or the FSA. The FSA, in turn, follows the guidance and regulations set by the European Union, specifically the European Food Standards Agency, the EFSA, and the European Commission, or the EC, respectively.

In November 2015, the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union adopted a new regulation on novel food, Regulation (EU) 2015/2283, or the Novel Food Regulation, with the intent of making the novel food authorization process more efficient while ensuring high standards of food safety for consumers. The Novel Food Regulation came into force on January 1, 2018.

The Novel Food Regulation provides that a food is 'novel' if it has not been used for human consumption to a significant degree within the European Union before May 15, 1997. The regulations further provide that a food stuff will be authorized only if it can be demonstrated that the product is safe, properly labeled so as to not mislead consumers and is not nutritionally disadvantageous.

On January 15, 2019, the EC updated the European Union's Novel Foods Catalogue, specifically, the entries relating to cannabis sativa and cannabinoids, to include other cannabinoids extracts used in food and food supplements and hemp-derived products in food.

While the Novel Foods Catalogue is non-exhaustive and carries no legal effect, it is frequently updated and amended with input from Member States and is used as reference by authorities in EU countries to aid enforcement of the Novel Food Regulation. A novel food can only be sold in the European Union once it has successfully gone through the authorization process (involving a safety risk assessment) and an implementing act is published authorizing the addition of the novel food to the Novel Foods Catalogue. This process can take up to 18 months from receipt of the initial application. The United Kingdom has adopted the EU Novel Foods regime as retained EU law and the FSA has confirmed it will follow the EFSA. Therefore products new to market will require novel food authorization from the FSA prior to being made available and marketing. There is also a currently a regime in place to allow for products that were already on the market prior to early 2020 to apply for retroactive novel food authorization.

## Proceeds of Crime Act or POCA

POCA addresses money-laundering offences in the United Kingdom. Under POCA, a person or entity commits a principal money laundering offence if they:

- (a) conceal, disguise, convert or transfer criminal property;
- (b) enter into or become concerned in an arrangement which he knows or suspects facilitates the acquisition, retention use of control of criminal property by or on behalf of another person; or
- (c) acquire criminal property.

Property is criminal property if it constitutes a person's benefit from criminal conduct and the alleged offender knows or suspects that it constitutes such a benefit.

Criminal conduct is conduct that constitutes an offence in any part of the United Kingdom or in the case of overseas conduct would constitute an offence in any part of the United Kingdom if it occurred there. This is relevant for U.K. companies that operate in the medicinal cannabis industry as they may have relationships with medicinal or recreational cannabis companies that operate legally in non-U.K. jurisdictions, however whose activities would be caught by POCA, and for U.K based investors who are investing in cannabis-related investments.

There are defenses available to the money laundering offences, principally making an authorized disclosure prior to the offence being committed and gaining appropriate consent from the National Crime Agency (' NCA ') to receive the criminal property in question, and receiving the property for adequate consideration, as in the case of a contract.

Canmart  will  take  into  consideration  any  potential  POCA  applications  when  dealing  with  non-U.K.  companies  and  will  act  accordingly  to  ensure compliance with POCA.

## Regulatory Framework in the European Union

## Germany

In March 2017, Germany legalized cannabis for medicinal purposes. Since then, Germany has rapidly become Europe's leading medical cannabis market. Germany's federal regulator, BfArM, takes a progressive approach to legal cannabis reimbursing patients for treatment via public insurers. Apart from dentists and veterinarians, any physician is authorized to prescribe medical cannabis. There are no limitations on which medical conditions are eligible for cannabis treatment. Together with the affordability granted by reimbursement and clear regulations around distribution and dispensation, patient access is greater than anywhere else in Europe.

## Portugal

In  2001,  Portugal  decriminalized  possession  and  consumption  of  personal  amounts  of  drugs,  including  up  to  25  grams  of  cannabis.  Further,  in  2018, Portuguese authorities passed a bill allowing the consumption of medical cannabis for domestic patients. Medicine is licensed under INFARMED, the country's primary regulatory body, which has responsibility for licensing the cultivation of high THC plants. Although cultivation of cannabis for medical purposes has been taking place in Portugal for years, legalization in 2018 has caused more companies to take advantage of Portugal's favorable climate as it relates to cannabis cultivation.

## Regulatory Framework in Canada

On October 17, 2018, the Cannabis Act (S.C. 2018, c. 16) (the 'Cannabis Act') and the regulations enacted under the Cannabis Act, which set out the rules and standards that apply to the production, distribution, sale, importation and exportation of cannabis by federal licence holders (the 'Cannabis Regulations'), came into force, legalizing the sale of cannabis for adult recreational use. Cannabis in Canada is subject to a complex regulatory framework arising from federal, provincial, and territorial legislation. The Cannabis Act and the Cannabis Regulations provide the framework for legal access to medical and nonmedical cannabis, and control and regulate its production, distribution, sale, import and export. The provinces and territories of Canada have enacted legislation to control and regulate how non-medical cannabis is distributed and sold within their respective jurisdictions.

On October 17, 2019, October 17, 2020 and December 2, 2022, subsequent amending regulations titled the came into force that, among other things, expanded the scope of the Cannabis Act and Cannabis Regulations to enable the sale of certain categories of cannabis, including cannabis extracts, topicals and edibles, and set THC content limits for certain categories of cannabis products.

Prior to the Cannabis Act and the Cannabis Regulations coming into force, only the sale of medical cannabis was permitted and it was regulated by the Access to Cannabis for Medical Purposes Regulations (the 'ACMPR') made under the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act (Canada) (the 'CDSA'). The Cannabis Act and the Cannabis Regulations replaced the CDSA and the ACMPR as the governing laws and regulations in respect of the cultivation, processing, sale and distribution of cannabis (including cannabis oil extract) in Canada.

Canada's regulatory framework for cannabis is constantly evolving and both the Canadian Ministry of Health for Canada ('Health Canada'), which has regulatory oversight over and administration of the Cannabis Act, and provincial and territorial regulators frequently release and update guidance to assist the industry in interpreting and applying the applicable laws to their operations.

## Licensing

The  Cannabis  Regulations  establish  six  classes  and  various  sub-classes  of  licenses  that  authorize  specific  activities,  namely:  (1)  cultivation  (standard cultivation, micro-cultivation, nursery); (2) processing (standard processing, micro-processing); (3) sales (sale for medical purposes); (4) analytical testing; (5) research; and (6) and cannabis drug license. Licensing requirements and authorized activities vary by class and sub-class, and authorized activities can also be narrowed by conditions described in individual licenses when they are issued.

Health Canada is responsible for reviewing and approving all federal licensing applications. While Health Canada does provide service standards for new applications, renewals, and amendments, they are not guaranteed and may not always be met. The volume of applications in queue or under review by Health Canada, the complexity of an application or amendment, and the quality of the submission, among other factors, can impact the duration of the review process, creating uncertainty in timelines. After a license is issued, it is the holder's responsibility to comply with all applicable requirements in the Cannabis Act and Cannabis Regulations, including periodic inspections by Health Canada to ensure continued compliance.

## Security Clearances

Certain people associated with cannabis licensees, including individuals occupying a 'key position' such as directors, officers, large shareholders, and individuals identified by the Minister of Health (the 'Minister'), must hold a valid security clearance issued by the Minister. The Minister may refuse to grant security  clearances  to  individuals  with  organized  crime  associations  or  past  convictions  for,  or  in  association  with,  drug  trafficking,  corruption,  or  violent offences. Individuals who have a history of nonviolent, lower-risk criminal activity (for example, simple possession of cannabis, or small-scale cultivation of cannabis plants) are not precluded by legislation from participating in the legal cannabis industry, and the granting of security clearance to such individuals is at the discretion of the Minister.

## Cannabis Tracking System

The Cannabis Tracking and Licensing System ('CTLS') was established by Health Canada to, among other things, track cannabis throughout the supply chain to help prevent diversion of cannabis into, and out of, the illicit market. Under the CTLS, holders of a cultivation, processing and/or sale for medical purposes licenses are required to submit monthly reports to Health Canada setting out inventory levels of finished and unfinished cannabis for each cannabis class.

## Cannabis Products

The Cannabis Act differentiates between cannabis depending on its form (referred to as 'classes' of cannabis in the Cannabis Act) and only permits the sale of specified classes of cannabis. Upon enactment of the Cannabis Act on October 17, 2018, these classes included dried cannabis, fresh cannabis, cannabis plants, cannabis seeds, and cannabis oil. On October 17, 2019, edible cannabis, cannabis extracts and cannabis topicals were added to the authorized classes of cannabis, also known as 'Cannabis 2.0'). Cannabis oil was subsumed into cannabis extracts and ceased to exist as a standalone class as of October 17, 2020.

## Health Products and Cosmetics Containing Cannabis

Health  Canada  has  taken  a  scientific,  evidence-based  approach  to  the  oversight  of  health  products  containing  cannabis  that  are  approved  with  health claims, including prescription and non-prescription drugs, natural health products, veterinary drugs and veterinary health products, and medical devices. Per Health Canada's Cosmetic Ingredient Hotlist, the use of cannabis species (hemp) derivatives (other than certain hemp seed derivatives containing no more than 10 parts per million THC) in cosmetics, are permitted, subject to the provisions of the Cosmetic Ingredient Hotlist and the Industrial Hemp Regulations.

## Packaging and Labelling

The  Cannabis  Regulations  set  out  a  comprehensive  approach  to  the  packaging  and  labelling  of  cannabis  products.  This  approach  helps  to  promote informed consumer choice and encourage the safe handling and storage of cannabis. All cannabis products must be packaged in plain packaging that is childresistant and tamper-evident and displays a variety of information such as the standardized cannabis symbol, THC and CBD potency, and prescribed health warning messages.

## Promotion

The Cannabis Act and Cannabis Regulations outline several prohibitions that can potentially apply to anyone who may be involved in the promotion of cannabis,  cannabis  accessories  and  services  related  to  cannabis,  or  related  activities.  These  prohibitions  are  intended  to  protect  public  health  and  safety, including by protecting the health of young persons by restricting their access to cannabis, and young persons and others from inducements to use cannabis.

## Cannabis for Medical Purposes

With the Cannabis Act and the Cannabis Regulations coming into force on October 17, 2018, the medical cannabis regime migrated from the CDSA and the  ACMPR  to  the  Cannabis Act  and  the  Cannabis  Regulations.  The  medical  cannabis  regulatory  framework  under  the  Cannabis Act  and  the  Cannabis Regulations  remains  substantively  the  same  as  under  the  CDSA  and  the ACMPR,  with  adjustments  to  create  consistency  with  rules  for  non-medical  use, improve patient access, and reduce the risk of abuse within the medical access system.

Under Part 14 of the Cannabis Regulations, patients maintain three options for obtaining cannabis for medical purposes: (i) they can continue to access cannabis by registering with licensees holding a licence to sell for medical purposes; (ii) they can register with Health Canada to produce a limited amount of cannabis for their own medical purposes; or (iii) they can designate someone else to produce cannabis for them. With respect to (ii) and (iii), starting materials, such as plants or seeds, must be obtained from licensees. Starting materials for personal production, such as plants or seeds, must be obtained from a license holder.

## Provincial and Territorial Regulatory Regimes

Provinces and territories of Canada are authorized to license and oversee the distribution and sale of non-medical cannabis to adult consumers in their respective jurisdictions. As a result, regulations pertaining to the sale and distribution of non-medical cannabis vary from province to province and territory to territory.

The Cannabis Act prohibits individuals aged 18 years or older from possessing more than 30 grams of dried cannabis (or its equivalent) in public and from the personal cultivation of more than four plants at any one time. Provinces and territories have the flexibility to increase the minimum age of consumption, lower  possession  limits,  and  set  added  requirements  on  personal  cultivation  within  their  respective  jurisdictions.  Provinces  and  territories  can  also  restrict where cannabis can be consumed in public.

The following chart outlines basic details regarding the current regulatory regime by province and territory. The possession limit of 30 grams remains unchanged in all provinces.

| Province/Territory  Legal Age  Where it is Legal to Purchase  Alberta  18  Private licensed stores or government-operated online store  British Columbia  19  Government-operated stores or online, or private licensed stores  Manitoba  19  Private licensed stores or online  New Brunswick  19  Government-operated stores or online  Newfoundland and Labrador  19  Private licensed stores or government-operated online store  Northwest Territories  19  Government-operated stores or online  Nova Scotia  19  Government-operated stores or online  Nunavut  19  Government-operated online store  Ontario  19  Private licensed stores or government-operated online store  Prince Edward Island  19  Government-operated stores or online  Quebec  21  Government-operated stores or online  Saskatchewan  19  Private licensed stores or online  Yukon  19  Government-operated online store or private licensed stores   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Industrial Hemp

The  regulatory  framework  for  industrial  hemp  is  set  out  in  the  Industrial  Hemp  Regulations.  Industrial  hemp  is  defined  under  the  Industrial  Hemp Regulations as a cannabis plant - or any part of the plant - in which the concentration of THC is 0.3% (weight by weight) or less in the flowering heads and leaves.

Under this framework, a license from Health Canada is required in order to conduct various activities with industrial hemp. These activities include the cultivation, sale, import, export, cleaning, preparing, and processing of certain parts of the industrial hemp plant. Not every activity that involves industrial hemp  falls  within  the  scope  of  the  Industrial  Hemp  Regulations  and  may  instead  fall  under  the  Cannabis  Regulations.  For  example,  the  extraction  of phytocannabinoids from the flowering heads, leaves and branches of the plant requires a processing license under the Cannabis Regulations. Additionally, only seeds of approved industrial hemp varieties which have a THC level lower than 0.3% in their leaves and flowering heads, can be planted.

In addition to obtaining a license, industrial hemp license holders must comply with the Cannabis Act and Cannabis Regulations, and with other applicable federal, provincial and territorial legislation and municipal by-laws.

## Inflation and Seasonality

The facility in Portugal is an indoor facility, therefore seasonality has no effect on the harvest month to month or season to season. Inflation has increased operating and production cost for the Portugal facility. Increased labor costs, as well electrical and material costs such as fertilizer have had an impact on net revenue. See Item 5 of this Annual Report for a discussion of our operating and financial results.

## C. Legal Entity Structure

The following chart reflects our legal entity structure (including the jurisdiction of formation or incorporation of the various entities).

<!-- image -->

## D. Property, Plants and Equipment

Canmart currently has access to use 30,000 square foot warehouse in Somerset, United Kingdom, which is owned by D&amp;D Investments Limited which is owned by certain directors of Canmart. Canmart does not pay any rent for the use of the warehouse and the owner may demand the vacation of the warehouse by Canmart at any time. Canmart expects to enter into a lease agreement with the owner with specified lease terms and to pay rent under the lease.

On September 19, 2023, the Company entered into an option to purchase agreement with 1107385 B.C. LTD. (the 'Owner'), a British Columbia company, to purchase certain land property located at 1900 Ferne Road, Gabriola Island, British Columbia from the Owner (the 'Prior Agreement') for USD$4,300,000, payable  in  three  installments.  Pursuant  to  the  Prior Agreement,  the  first  option  payment  (US$600,000)  shall  be  paid  either  in  cash  or  by  the  issuance  of Common Shares of the Company, and if the Company elects to issue any Common Share to the Owner, the total number of the Common Share shall not exceed 4.99% of the total outstanding Common Shares of the Company (the 'Share Cap') on the date of such issuance. The second and third option payment, each US$600,000, will be satisfied by the issuance of Common Shares of the Company in the name of the Owner or payment in cash in accordance with the Prior Agreement. Once Hemp Cultivation Approval (defined therein) has been issued or obtained, the Company will pay the Owner the Hemp Cultivation Approval Payment (US$750,000) within ten(10) business days. Once CBD Cultivation Approval (defined therein) has been issued or obtained, the Company will pay the Owner the CBD Cultivation Approval Payment (US$750,000) within ten(10) business days. Once THC Cultivation Approval (defined therein) has been issued or obtained, the Company will pay the Owner the THC Cultivation Approval Payment (US$500,000) within ten(10) business days. Once THC Sales Approval (defined therein) has been issued or obtained, the Company will pay the Owner the THC Sales Approval Payment (US$500,000) within ten(10) business days. On September 22, 2023, the Company and the Owner amended and restated the Prior Agreement (the 'Amended and Restated Agreement') to remove the cash payment option and Share Cap for the first option payment, and agreed to issue the Owner 879,895 Common Shares in full consideration for the first option payment. Pursuant to the Amended and Restated Agreement, the Company issued such Common Shares to the Owner. The remaining terms and conditions of the Prior Agreement remain in full force and effect.

## ITEM 4A. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

## ITEM 5. OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW AND PROSPECTS

## Overview

Our fiscal year begins on January 1 and ends on December 31. Unless otherwise noted, references to year pertain to our fiscal year. For example, 2023 refers to fiscal 2023 which is the period from January 1, 2023 and to December 31, 2023.

Our Audited Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, for Akanda Corp. as a group (the ' Akanda Group '), have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and are presented in millions of US dollars except where otherwise indicated. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that should be expected in any future period.

We have derived the consolidated statements of operations data for Akanda Group for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and the consolidated financial position information as at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, from the Akanda Group's Audited Financial Statements included under Item 18 of this Annual Report on Form 20-F.

Akanda was incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada on July 16, 2021 in connection with the plan of Halo to reorganize its medical cannabis market focused international business assets. On November 3, 2021, Akanda acquired Cannahealth, which owned all the issued and outstanding equity interests of  Canmart  and  Bophelo  Holdings,  which,  in  turn,  owned  all  the  issued  and  outstanding  equity  interests  of  Bophelo. As  a  result  of  the Acquisition,  both Bophelo and Canmart became our indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries. On April 29, 2022, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Cannahealth acquired Holigen, which owned all the issued and outstanding equity interests of RPK. As a result of the acquisition, RPK became our indirect wholly-owned subsidiary. We have consolidated all our subsidiary companies, Cannahealth in Malta, Bophelo in the UK, Canmart in the UK, Holigen in Portugal, RPK in Portugal and 1371011 B.C. Ltd in Canada, in the Akanda Group Audited Financial Statements and financial information presented on December 31, 2023.

As a result of Bophelo's liquidation, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we determined that we no longer controlled Bophelo. As a result of the loss of control, we derecognized the net assets of Bophelo and accounted for the operating results as discontinued operation.

## A. Operating Results

## Results of Operations

The discussion below summarizes Akanda Group's consolidated historical operation results.

On April 20, 2022, Akanda, Cannahealth, The Flowr Corporation (' Flowr ') and Holigen Holdings Limited (' Holigen '), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Flowr entered into a share purchase agreement (the ' Holigen Agreement ') whereby Cannahealth would acquire 100% of the ordinary shares of Holigen, which is  the  holding company of RPK Biopharma, Unipessoal, LDA (' RPK '),  a  cultivator and manufacturer of medical cannabis products based in Portugal (the ' Holigen Acquisition '). The Holigen Acquisition closed on April 29, 2022.

Year Ended December 31, 2023 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2022.

The following table sets forth key components of Akanda Group's results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to the year ended December 31, 2022.

| Years ended  December 31,  2023  2022  Sales  $  2,160,052    $  2,619,682  Cost of sales  1,908,515  566,252  Gross Profit before gain (loss) on change in fair value biological assets and inventory  251,537  2,053,430  Gain (Loss) on change in fair value of biological assets and inventory  (140,088)  1,216,129  Gross Profit  111,449  3,269,559  Operating expenses  Depreciation and amortization  4,283,731  3,598,323  Consulting and professional fees  2,978,321  7,759,824  Personnel expenses  2,395,583  6,593,527  Share-based payment expenses to social development trust  -  2,124,615  General and administrative expenses  505,187  3,369,659  Total operating expenses  10,162,822  23,445,948  Operating loss  (10,051,373)  (20,176,389)  Other (expense) income:  Finance income  39  886  Finance expense  (255,656)  (115,324)  Foreign exchange gain (loss), net  148,823  (256,431)  Gain on bargain purchase  -  12,760,356  Gain on debt settlement  113,037  67,075  Other income  7,055  659  Change in fair value of financial assets measured at FVTPL  (264,655)  (516,281)  Loss on disposal of assets  (4,495)  -  Write-off of AP, net  2,697,719  -  Impairment loss  (24,665,564)  -  (22,223,697)  11,940,940  Net loss from continuing operations  (32,275,070)  (8,235,449)  Loss from discontinued operations  -  (3,422,225)  Net loss  $  (32,275,070)   $  (11,657,674)  Translation adjustment  (39,412)  (1,395,508)  Comprehensive loss  $  (32,314,482)   $  (13,053,182)  Loss per share from continuing operations - basic and diluted  (7.16)  (2.75)  Loss per share - basic and diluted  $  (7.16)   $  (3.86)  Weighted average common shares outstanding  4,505,263  2,993,009   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Revenue

The revenue of $2,160,052 for the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to $2,619,682 for 2022 came from Canmart Ltd. in the UK and RPK in Portugal. The significant revenue decrease in 2023 is due to higher sales discounts, rebates and/or returns recognized in the current year. Akanda remains focus on ramping up of its operations by securing CBPM products from international suppliers in Canada, importing these products and applying additional efforts on  expanding  sales  of  these  imported  products  to  patients,  through  dispensing  clinics  and  physicians.  Canmart  sold,  during  the  current  year,  a  variety  of different CBPM product types, including cannabis oil and cannabis flower for medical use. Canmart has access to use a 30,000 square foot logistics warehouse in SE England. Canmart has obtained the necessary licenses to import CBPMs to supply the patients in the U.K. domestic market. Canmart is further focusing on tapping other international markets for the import of various CBPM products.

## Cost of Sales

Cost of sales increased from $566,252 in 2022 to $1,908,515 in 2023. The increase is directly related to the increase in sales activities and its continuous effort in selling and marketing its products during the year 2023. This increase in sales represents the associated cost of CBPMs imported by Canmart and supplied to its patients. The increase is essentially commensurate with increased purchases and sales of CBPMs in the current year due to the fact that Canmart commenced more meaningful sales activity in the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to the low level of sales in the previous periods. The increase in cost of sales is also due to the purchase and sales activities by RPK.

## Gain or loss on change in fair value of biological assets and inventory

The gain or loss on change in fair value of biological assets and inventory was recognized in RPK Biopharma Unipessoal Lda. The fair value of the biological assets was determined based on the most recent available evidence for the selling price of similar biological assets. The valuation was done by an independent valuator considering the selling price available for cannabis biomass in Portugal and the historical cost paid by the Company for the cannabis seeds. The gain decreased from $1,216,129 in 2022 to $(140,088) in 2023.

## Amortization and Depreciation

Amortization and depreciation expenses increased from $3,598,323 for 2022 to $4,283,731 for the year ended December 31, 2023. The increase in the amortization and depreciation expenses recorded during the year ended December 31, 2023 was due to depreciation charges on additional items of property, plant and equipment that were acquired and brought into use during 2023 and additional amortization of intangible assets (the Company's cannabis operating and distribution licenses), as well as due to full depreciation on property, plant and equipment that took place during the year ended December 31, 2022.

## Consulting and Professional Fees

The consulting and professional fees incurred decreased from $7,759,824 in 2022 to $2,2978,321 for the year ended December 31, 2023. This significant decrease  in  consulting  and  professional  fees  resulted  from  the  decreased  corporate  activity  during  the  current  year  as  compared  to  higher  activities  in  the previous  year  due  to  the  engagement  of  various  professional  advisors  and  consultants  in  relation  to  Akanda  Group's  plans  for  completion  of  business acquisition, plans for a public offering and listing. The decreased was also due to lower RSUs granted to consultants in the current year.

## Personnel Expenses

The Akanda group incurred personnel expenses of $2,395,583 for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to $6,593,527 for 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the group experienced a significant decrease in personnel expenses primarily due to the changes in key management personnel in relation to the resignation and appointment of senior management and board of directors during the previous year resulting for lower fees paid or accrued to the current executive team of Akanda in the current year, as well as significant decreased in workers in Lesotho. As Bophelo was considered no longer operational due to liquidation in 2022, no more salaries expenses were paid or accrued to casual workers and laborers.

## General and Administration Expenses

The  Akanda  group  incurred  general  and  administration  expenses  of  $505,187  and  $3,369,659  for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2023  and  2022, respectively. These costs consisted mainly of a broad range of site related operational expenses such as utilities, fuel costs, import duties, security expenses, repairs and maintenance and consumables and office related operational expenses for its day to day business activities. These costs decreased compared to the prior period mainly due to decreased corporate activities, as well as it had no longer incurred any site or office expenses in Bophelo .

## Interest Expense

The group incurred interest expense of $255,656 for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to interest expense of $115,324 for 2022. The significant increase in expense during the year ended December 31, 2023 was primarily due to the interest or financing costs incurred in relation the increase in interestbearing loans borrowed by Akanda, Canmart and RPK during the current year.

## Interest income

Interest income for the year ended December 31, 2023 was $39 compared to $886 for 2022. This decrease was related to interest received during the year 2023 as a result of experiencing increased average cash balances throughout the year.

## Foreign Currency Translation

The foreign exchange gain (loss) is recognized on the translation of the consolidated financial statements from their functional currencies to United States Dollar. The Euro is the functional currency of Cannahealth, Holigen and RPK, Great British Pounds is the functional currency of Canmart and Canadian dollars is the functional currency of Akanda and 1371011 B.C. Ltd. while the United States Dollar is its reporting currency. The exchange gains and losses have not been incurred on any transactions or balances held by these companies in a different currency.

## Net Loss and Total Comprehensive Loss

For  the  years  ended  December  31,  2023  and  2022,  respectively,  the  group  incurred  a  net  loss  of  $32,275,070  and  $11,657,674,  respectively,  and  a comprehensive loss of $32,314,482 and $13,053,182, respectively, which consisted primarily of depreciation and amortization of $4,283,731 and $3,598,323, respectively,  consulting  and  professional  fee  expenses  of  $2,978,321  and  $7,759,824,  respectively,  personnel  expenses  of  $2,395,583  and  $6,593,527, respectively, share-based payment expenses to ASDT of $nil and $2,124,615, respectively, general and administrative expenses of $505,187 and $3,369,659, respectively,  and  loss  from  discontinued  operations  of  $nil  and  $3,422,225,  respectively.  The  increase  in  losses  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2023 compared to 2022 was mainly due to the impairment loss of $24,665,564 incurred during the year ended December 31, 2023.

## Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

Akanda did not have, during the reporting period, and we do not currently have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have  a  current  or  future  effect  on  our  financial  condition,  changes  in  financial  condition,  revenues  or  expenses,  results  of  operations,  liquidity,  capital expenditure or capital resources that is material to investors.

## B. Liquidity and Capital Resources

## Cash Flows

The Akanda Group's principal liquidity requirements are for corporate operating expenses, working capital and capital expenditures. Historically, we have funded our liquidity requirements primarily through shareholder loans, loans from third parties and from the issuance of shares. We did not have, during the reporting period, and we do not currently have any contractual obligations for ongoing capital expenditures.

The following table summarizes our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022:

| Year Ended  December 31, 2023  2023  Change  2022  Cash used by operating activities  $  (1,500,574)   $  9,968,822    $  (11,469,396)  Cash used in investing activities  $  24,888    $  4,243,550    $  (4,218,662)  Cash provided by financing activities  $  1,486,567    $  (12,652,069)   $  14,138,636   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Year Ended  December 31, 2022  2022  Change  2021  Cash used by operating activities  $  (11,469,396)   $  (4,912,334)   $  (6,557,062)  Cash used in investing activities  $  (4,218,662)   $  (3,642,190)   $  (576,472)  Cash provided by financing activities  $  14,138,636    $  2,902,945    $  11,235,691   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Cash Flows from Operating Activities

For the year ended December 31, 2023, Akanda Group's cash flow from operating activities decreased by $9,968,822 due to decreased operating expenses at Bophelo, as well as due to lower corporate expenses incurred as a result of decreased corporate activity. The significant increase in the previous year was due to gain recognized in the acquisition of Holigen (and its subsidiary, RPK).

## Cash Flows from Investing Activities

Cash provided by investing activities was $24,888 for the year ended December 31, 2023, which was attributable to leasehold improvements and purchase of computer and furniture and fixtures and loan receivable, offset by proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment. The cash used during the year ended December 31, 2022 were attributable to purchase of marketable securities from Flowr Corporation, purchase of property, plant and equipment, cash surrendered on loss of control of Bophelo and investments in relation to acquisition of Holigen (and its subsidiary, RPK).

## Cash Flows from Financing Activities

## Share Capital and Financing

During the year ended December 31, 2022, Akanda completed its initial public offering of 400,000 Common Shares at a price of $40.00 per share to the public  for  a  total  of  $16,000,000  of  gross  proceeds  to  Akanda,  prior  to  deducting  underwriting  discounts,  commissions,  and  other  offering  expenses  on March 17, 2022. The Common Shares began trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market on March 15, 2022, under the symbol 'AKAN.' Akanda used and intends to use the proceeds from the initial public offering primarily for property, plant and equipment, operations, working capital and general corporate purposes. Akanda issued 16,200 Common Shares upon gross receipts of $405,000 net of issuance costs of $126,519.

No equity financing was made during the year ended December 31, 2023.

## Short Term Loans

During the year ended December 31, 2023, Akanda received total loans of $2,313,167 for its capital as well as working capital needs, of which $1,570,145 was advances from related parties.

Cash provided by financing activities was $1,486,567 for the year ended December 31, 2023, which was mainly attributable to proceeds from above short term loans, partially offset by repayment of loans and lease payments. Cash provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was attributable to proceeds from IPO, proceeds from private placements, proceeds from loans, and partially offset by repayment of loans and lease payments.

## Disclosure of Contractual Arrangements

On December 31, 2023, Akanda Group was committed to minimum lease payments as follows:

| Less than  1 - 5  Over  Contractual Obligation  One Year  Years  5 Years  Land lease  $  140,000    $  -    $  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The amounts above are undiscounted and include the total amounts due, including the interest component.

On December 31, 2022, Akanda Group was committed to minimum lease payments as follows:

| Less than  1 - 5  Over  Contractual Obligation  One Year  Years  5 Years  Land lease  $  240,000    $  140,000    $  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The amounts above are undiscounted and include the total amounts due, including the interest component.

Subsequent to the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company:

## i. Completed a Share Purchase Agreement for Sale of RPK

On April 1, 2024, pursuant to the signed definitive Share Purchase Agreement and Escrow Agreement with Somai on February 29, 2024, the Company completed the transaction with Somai for the sale of RPK, its indirect wholly-owned Portuguese subsidiary.

Under the terms of the Share Purchase Agreement, Somai acquired RPK for a total cash consideration of Two Million United States Dollars ($2,000,000). In addition, Somai assumed up to One Million Euros of current liabilities and RPK's debt with the senior secured lender Bank, Caixa Agricola. In total, Somai assumed approximately 4,000,000 Euros of debt. In accordance with the agreement, a deposit of Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars ($500,000) was released from a joint escrow account and the remainder of the purchase price was paid directly to the Company in March 2024.

In connection with the closing, the Company paid a cash finder's fee of 5% of the gross sales price or an aggregate of $446,250, inclusive of taxes to Cannera Holdings LTD, a British Columbia company.

## ii. Issued the following shares:

- a. On February 2, 2024, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Corbo Capital Inc. pursuant to which the Company issued 280,851 common shares at a purchase price of $0.406 per share and 1,462,991 pre-funded warrants for gross proceeds of $708,000.  The purchase price of each pre-funded warrant is equal to the price at which one common share is sold in the offering, minus $0.0001, and the exercise price of each pre-funded warrant is $0.0001 per share. The pre-funded warrants were immediately exercisable and may be exercised at any time until all of the prefunded warrants are exercised in full, subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations as set forth in the pre-funded warrant. On the same day, the Company issued 560,100 common shares pursuant the exercise of 560,100 pre-funded warrants.
- b. On February 13, 2024, the Company issued 560,000 commons shares pursuant the exercise of 560,000 pre-funded warrants.
- c. On February 20, 2024, the Company issued 280,000 commons shares pursuant the exercise of 280,000 pre-funded warrants.
- d. On February 28, 2024, the Company issued 62,891 commons shares pursuant the exercise of the remaining 62,891 pre-funded warrants.

- e. On March 4, 2024, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain investors pursuant to which the Company issued 367,870 common shares at a purchase price of $0.2054 per share and 361,972 pre-funded warrants for gross proceeds of $150,000.  The purchase price of each pre-funded warrant is equal to the price at which one common share is sold in the offering, minus $0.0001, and the exercise price of each pre-funded warrant is $0.0001 per share. The pre-funded warrants were immediately exercisable and may be exercised at any time until all of the pre-funded warrants are exercised in full, subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations as set forth in the pre-funded warrant. On the same day, the Company issued 361,972 commons shares pursuant the exercise of 361,972 pre-funded warrants.
- f. On March 5, 2024, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain investors pursuant to which the Company issued 367,870 common shares at a purchase price of $0.16872 per share and 373,002 pre-funded warrants for gross proceeds of $125,000.  The purchase price of each pre-funded warrant is equal to the price at which one common share is sold in the offering, minus $0.0001, and the exercise price of each prefunded warrant is $0.0001 per share. The pre-funded warrants were immediately exercisable and may be exercised at any time until all of the prefunded warrants are exercised in full, subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations as set forth in the pre-funded warrant. On March 6, 2024, the Company issued 373,002 commons shares pursuant the exercise of 373,002 pre-funded warrants.
- g. On March 24, 2024, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement with Univest Securities, LLC ('Univest') as the underwriter in connection with the issuance and sale by the Company in an underwritten public offering of 3,087,443 common shares at a purchase price of $0.1217 per share and 37,997,190 pre-funded warrants for gross proceeds of $5,000,000.  The purchase price of each pre-funded warrant is equal to the price at which one common share is sold in the offering, minus $0.0001, and the exercise price of each pre-funded warrant is $0.0001 per share. The pre-funded warrants were immediately exercisable and may be exercised at any time until all of the pre-funded warrants are exercised in full, subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations as set forth in the pre-funded warrant. As of April 30, 2024, 17,991,956 pre-funded warrants remained unexercised.

## iii. Received the following loans:

- a. On January 10, 2024, the Company received a loan of CAD $40,000 from 1226053 BC Ltd., an arm's length party. The loan is unsecured, bears interest of 7% per annum and payable within 12 months.
- b. On January 10, 2024, the Company received a loan of CAD $40,000 from Mercantile Holdings Inc., an arm's length party. The loan is unsecured, bears interest of 7% per annum and payable within 12 months.
- c. On February 1, 2024, the Company received a loan of $5,500 from Alson Niu, an arm's length party. The loan is unsecured, bears interest of 7% per annum and payable within 12 months.

## iv. Outstanding claims

On January 29, 2024, Shailesh Bhushan, the former Chief Financial Officer of the Company, filed a complaint with the Employment Standards Branch of British Columbia claiming unpaid salary and invoices in the aggregate amount of CAD $271,990 from the period December 2022 through November 2023. The Company previously offered to Mr. Bhushan an annual salary of CAD $60,000 and as such, believes the claim to be frivolous, strongly disputes the amount claimed, and intends to vigorously defend itself.

On March 27, 2024, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with Vidya Iyer, the former SVP of Finance to settle the claims for a sum of £30,000 to be paid in installment.

## C. Research and Development, Patents and Licenses

Not applicable.

## D. Trend Information

Because we are still in the startup phase and have only recently commenced operations, we are unable to identify any recent trends in revenue or expenses. Thus, we are unable to identify any known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events involving our business that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our revenues, income from operations, profitability, liquidity or capital resources, or that would cause the reported financial information in this prospectus to not be indicative of future operating results or financial condition.

## E. Material Accounting Policies and Estimates

Please refer to Note 3 of Akanda Group's audited consolidated financial statements included in Item 18 of this Annual Report on Form 20-F.

## B. Research and Development, Patents and Licenses

Not applicable.

## C. Trend Information

Because we are still in the startup phase and have only recently commenced operations, we are unable to identify any recent trends in revenue or expenses. Thus, we are unable to identify any known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events involving our business that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our revenues, income from operations, profitability, liquidity or capital resources, or that would cause the reported financial information in this prospectus to not be indicative of future operating results or financial condition.

## D. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

Please refer to Note 3 of Akanda Group's audited consolidated financial statements included in this Form 20-F.

## ITEM 6. DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES

## A. Directors and Senior Management

The following table sets forth our directors and senior management, their age and the positions they held as of April 30, 2024.

| Name  Age  Position  Katharyn Field (1)  41  Interim Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director  Gurcharn Deol  56  Chief Financial Officer  Jatinder Dhaliwal (2)  35  Director  David Jenkins (2)  43  Director  Christopher Cooper (2)  53  Director   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Ms. Field is the Chief Executive Officer of Halo, which is a shareholder and creditor of the Company.

(2) Independent Director.

## Biographical Information

The following is a summary of certain biographical information concerning our executive officers and directors.

Katharyn Field has served as our Executive Director since July 2022 and Interim Chief Executive Officer since February 2023. Ms. Field is also currently CEO and Chairman of Halo, a position she has held since June 2022. From February 2020 to June 2022, Ms. Field served as the president of Halo and from April  2019  through  February  2020,  she  served  as  the  Chief  Strategy  Officer.  Ms.  Field's  resume  includes  positions  at  the  Brookings  Institution,  from October 2005 to May 2009 and Bain &amp; Company from September 2011 to March 2013. In 2014, she entered the cannabis industry and led the procurement, build out, and sale of one of five original vertically integrated companies with state licenses in Florida. Subsequently, Ms. Field operated a strategy consulting practice focused on cannabis and also worked at MariMed from May 2018 to January 2019 as Executive Vice President of Corporate Development. Ms. Field was elected as a member of Sway Energy Corporation's board of directors from February 2021 to May 2022. Ms. Field also completed an internship in the public liaison's office of The White House during the George W. Bush administration. Ms. Field holds an MBA from Columbia Business School and a BA with honors from Stanford University.

Gurcharn Deol has served as our Chief Financial Officer since December 4, 2023. Mr. Deol is a multi-industry executive with over 35 years of public company management experience. Mr. Deol is currently the CEO of Bayridge Resources Corp and currently director of Green Battery Metals Corp, Amber Brands Inc and Neotech Metals Corp, which are all public companies trading on the Canadian Stock Exchanges. Mr. Deol's recent experience includes being a director or in management of numerous Canadian private and public companies including CEO of Bayridge Resources Inc., a director of Amber Brands Inc., Green Battery Minerals Inc., and Neotech Metals Inc. He has been involved in initial IPOs being established which required taking private companies in Canada through the regulatory process of going public. Mr. Deol holds B.A., M.A., PhD in Physiological and Counseling Psychology.

Jatinder Dhaliwal has served as one of our directors and as a member of our Audit Committee, our Compensation Committee and our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee since July 2022. Mr. Dhaliwal is a registered pharmacist and has significant capital markets experience, having served as CEO and director of multiple publicly traded cannabis companies. Mr. Dhaliwal is currently a director and Chief Executive and Financial Officer at Binovi Technologies Corp., a position that he has held since January 2022; currently a director and Chief Executive and Financial Officer at Kiaro Holdings Corp., a position that he has held since August 2022; was a director at Makara Mining Corp., a position that he held from August 2021 to March 2022; a director and CEO at Global Health Clinics Ltd., a position that he has held since March 2019; a director and CEO at EGF Theramed Health Corp., a position that he held from January 2022 to August 2022; a director at Ravenquest Biomed Inc, a position that he has held since November 2019; and a director at Intact Gold Corp., a position that he has held since November 2019. Mr. Dhaliwal holds a Bachelor of Pharmacy from the University of British Columbia and a Bachelor of Science in Biology from the University of Victoria.

David Jenkins has  served  as  one  of  our  directors  and  as  a  member  of  our Audit  Committee  and  our  Compensation  Committee  since  February  2023. Mr.  Jenkins  is  currently  a  director  at  Binovi  Technologies  Corp.,  a  position  that  he  has  held  since  December  2021;  a  director  at  Kiaro  Holdings  Corp. (TSXV: KO), a position that he has held since August 2022; a director at Levitee Labs., a position that he has held since January 2022; a director at Pontus Protein Ltd. (TSXV: HULK), a position that he has held since March 2022; a director at Boundary Gold &amp; Copper Mining Ltd., a position that he has held since July 2020; a director at Montego Resources Inc., a position that he has held since January 2020; and a director at Quantum Battery Metals Corp., a position that he has held since January 2020.

Christopher Cooper has served as one of our directors and as a member of our Audit Committee, our Compensation Committee and our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee since April 2024. Mr. Cooper has over 20 years of extensive business experience in all facets of corporate development, senior management, finance and operations, in both the private and public sectors. His experience includes spearheading growth strategies, financial reporting, quarterly and annual budgets, overseeing corporate administration, while achieving company objectives and maintaining internal cost controls. Mr. Cooper's current primary occupation is a business consultant, and he serves as the president of Number 2 Capital Corp. Mr. Cooper has been serving  as a director and CEO of Reparo Energy Partners Corp. since 2003, a director and CFO of Sweet Earth Holdings Corp since 2020, and was a director of Bullion Gold Resources Corp. from 2018 to 2020, and a director of StartMonday Technology Corp. from 2019 to 2021. Mr. Cooper was also a director of Counterpath Corporation (Nasdaq: CPAH) from 2005 to 2021, a Nasdaq listed company which was acquired by Alianza, Inc. in March 2021 for USD$25.6 million. Mr. Cooper was a director of Alpha Lithium Corporation from 2018 to 2023, which was acquired by Tecpetrol in October 2023 for approximately CAD$313 million. In addition, Mr. Cooper received his Bachelor of Business Administration from Hofstra University and his Master's in Business Administration from Dowling College in New York.

## B. Compensation

## Compensation of our Executive Officers and Directors

The  following  table  sets  forth  information  concerning  the  compensation  of  our  executive  officers  and  members  of  our  Board  of  Directors  for  the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022.

| Year  Salary  ($)  Stock  awards  ($)  Option  awards  ($)  Non-equity  incentive plan  compensation  ($)  pension  value and  nonqualified  deferred  compensation  earnings  All other  compensation  ($)  Total  ($)  Tejinder Virk  2023  73,341  -  -  -  -  -  73,341  (Former Chief Executive  Officer)  2022  1,298,967  170,144  -  -  -  -  1,469,111  Katharyn Field  2023  111,968  -  -  -  -  -  111,968  (Interim CEO and  Executive Director)  2022  34,798  -  -  -  -  -  34,798  Jatinder Dhaliwal  2023  111,968  -  -  -  -  -  111,968  (Director)  2022  34,798  -  -  -  -  -  34,798  Harvinder Singh  2023  111,968  -  -  -  -  -  111,968  (Former Director)  2022  34,798  -  -  -  -  -  34,798  David Jenkins  2023  79,949  -  -  -  -  -  79,949  (Director)  2022  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Christopher Cooper  2023  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (Director)  2022  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Yuying Liang  2023  27,697  -  -  -  -  -  27,697  (Former Director)  2022  26,585  -  -  -  -  26,585  Trevor Scott  2023  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (Former Chief Financial  Officer)  2022  631,352  417,755  -  -  -  7,761  1,056,868  Shailesh Bushan  2023  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (Former Chief Financial  Officer)  2022  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Gurcharn Deol  2023  3,407  -  -  -  -  -  3,407  (Chief Financial Officer)  2022  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Total  2023  520,298  -  -  -  -  -  520,298  2022  2,061,298  587,899  -  -  -  7,761  2,656,958   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Director Compensation

We have four directors We currently do not pay our directors who are executive officers additional compensation. We expect to compensate our nonexecutive directors for their director services. which will be settled in cash or partly in equity awards at the election of the non-executive director. Total nonexecutive director compensation is as follows:

- an annual retainer of $75,000 ($112,500 for the lead independent director);
- an initial equity award equal to the value of $100,000;
- an additional $5,000 per annum for any non-executive director serving on a board committee ($6,000 if serving as chair of a board committee other than the audit and risk committee and $10,000 if serving as chair of the audit and risk committee).

## Executive Employment Agreements, Arrangements or Plans

There are currently no executive employment agreements entered into and currently in place between the Company and its executive officers.

## Stock Option Plan

The Company has a 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the ' 2021 Plan ') whereby it may grant options for the purchase of Common Shares, or Restricted Share Units, to any director, consultant, employee or officer of the Company or its subsidiaries. The aggregate number of shares that may be issuable pursuant to options granted under the Plan will not exceed 20% of the issued Common Shares of the Company. The options are non-transferable and non-assignable and may be granted for a term not exceeding 5 years. The exercise price of the options will be determined by our Board of Directors at the time of grant but may not be less than the closing price of such shares on Nasdaq on the trading date immediately precedent the date of grant, subject to all applicable regulatory requirements.

Please  refer  to  Note  15  of Akanda  Group's  audited  financial  statements  included  in  Item  18  of  this Annual  Report  on  Form  20-F  for  a  discussion  of Restricted Share Units issued in Fiscal 2023.

On March 22, 2024, the shareholders of the Company approved 2024 Equity Incentive Plan (the ' 2024 Plan ', together with the 2021 Plan, the ' Stock Option Plan ') whereby it may grant options for the purchase of Common Shares, or Restricted Share Units, to any director, consultant, employee or officer of the Company or its subsidiaries. The aggregate number of shares that may be issuable pursuant to options granted under the Plan will not exceed 30% of the issued Common Shares of the Company. The options are non-transferable and non-assignable and may be granted for a term not exceeding 10 years. The exercise price of the options will be determined by our Board of Directors at the time of grant but may not be less than the closing price of such shares on Nasdaq on the trading date immediately precedent the date of grant, subject to all applicable regulatory requirements.

## C. Board Practices

## Introduction

Our  business  and  affairs  are  managed  under  the  direction  of  our  Board  of  Directors.  Our  Board  of  Directors  is  composed  of  four  directors.  When considering whether directors have the experience, qualifications, attributes or skills, taken as a whole, to enable our Board of Directors to effectively satisfy its oversight  responsibilities  in  light  of  our  business  and  structure,  the  Board  of  Directors  focuses  primarily  on  each  person's  background  and  experience  as reflected  in  the  information  discussed  in  the  directors'  respective  biographies  set  forth  above. We  believe  that  our  directors  provide  an  appropriate  mix  of experience and skills relevant to the size and nature of our business.

## Election of Directors

Each  of  our  officers  holds  office  until  his  or  her  successor  is  appointed.  Directors  are  elected  to  serve  until  the  close  of  the  next  annual  meeting  of shareholders or until their successors have been elected or appointed.

We do not have any defined policy or procedural requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nominations for directors. Our Board of Directors  believes  that,  given  the  stage  of  our  development,  a  specific  nominating  policy  would  be  premature  and  of  little  assistance  until  our  business operations develop to a more advanced level. The Board of Directors, with the help of its nominating and ESG committee, will assess all candidates, whether submitted by management or shareholders, and make recommendations for election or appointment.

## Corporate Governance

We are a 'foreign private issuer' under the federal securities laws of the United States and The Nasdaq Stock Market listing standards. Under the federal securities laws of the United States, foreign private issuers are subject to different disclosure requirements than U.S.-domiciled registrants. We intend to take all actions necessary for us to maintain compliance as a foreign private issuer under the applicable corporate governance requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the rules adopted by the SEC and the Nasdaq listing standards.

Under the SEC rules and the Nasdaq listing standards, a foreign private issuer is subject to less stringent corporate governance requirements. Subject to certain  exceptions, the SEC and the Nasdaq permit a foreign private issuer to follow its home country practice in lieu of their respective rules and listing standards. Following our home country governance practices, as opposed to the requirements that would otherwise apply to a company listed on Nasdaq, may provide less protection than is accorded to investors under the Nasdaq Rules applicable to U.S. domestic issuers.

In particular, as a foreign private issuer, in accordance with and pursuant to the authority contained in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5615(a)(3), we may follow certain Canadian law and corporate practice in lieu of certain corporate governance provisions set out under the Nasdaq Rule 5600 Series, the requirement in Listing  Rule  5250(b)(3)  to  disclose  third  party  director  and  nominee  compensation,  and  the  requirement  in  Listing  Rule  5250(d)  to  distribute  annual  and interim reports. Of particular note, the following rules under the Nasdaq Listing Rule 5600 Series may differ from Canadian law requirements:

- Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(b)(1) requires that at least a majority of the Company's Board of Directors shall be independent directors, and Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(b)(2) requires that independent directors regularly meet in executive session, where only independent directors are present. We have two independent directors. Our independent directors meet regularly with other members of the Board and meet in executive session at least two (2) times per year.
- Nasdaq Listing Rule 5620(c) sets out a quorum requirement of at least 33-1/3% of the outstanding shares with respect to meetings of shareholders. In accordance with Canadian law and generally accepted business practices, our bylaws (the ' Bylaws ') provide that a quorum is met when holders of not less than 10% of the shares entitled to vote at the meeting of shareholders are present in person or represented by proxy. The quorum requirement provided in our Bylaws is consistent with applicable Canadian laws and corporate practices.

- Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(c)(2)(A) requires that the Company shall have an audit committee composed entirely of not less than three directors, each of whom must be independent. Our audit and risk committee is comprised of three directors, and each member of the audit and risk committee meets the independence requirements of Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) and Rule 10A-3(b)(1) under the Exchange Act.
- Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(d)(2)(A) requires, among other things, that the Company's compensation committee include at least two members, each of whom is an independent director as defined under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(a)(2). Our compensation committee is comprised of three directors, and each member of the compensation committee meets the independence requirements of Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(a)(2).
- Nasdaq  Listing  Rule  5605(e)  requires  that  the  nominations  committee  include  solely  independent  directors  or  is  constituted  by  a  majority  of independent directors  in a vote in which only independent directors participate. Our nominating committee is comprised of two directors, who meets the independence requirements of Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(a)(2).

We followed home country rules with regard to the requirement to hold an annual shareholders meeting no later than one year after the Company's fiscal year end, under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5620. In accordance with the laws in the Province of Ontario, Canada, we did not hold our annual shareholders meeting in the fiscal year 2023 and instead held it in fiscal year 2024 pursuant to an order to delay the calling of the annual meeting granted by the Ontario Superior Court of Justice pursuant to subsection 106(1) of the Business Corporations Act (Ontario). In addition, with regard to the underwritten public offering on March 27, 2024, we followed home country rules with regard to the requirement for shareholder approval for transactions other than 'public offerings' under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635. We may in the future elect to follow additional home country practices in Canada with regard to certain corporate governance matters.

## Indemnification of Directors and Officers

In accordance with the Business Corporations Act (Ontario) and pursuant to the Bylaws of the Company, subject to certain conditions, the Company shall indemnify a director or officer, a former director or officer, or another individual who acts or acted at the Company's request as a director or officer, or an individual acting in a similar capacity, of another entity, against all costs, charges and expenses, including any amount paid to settle an action or satisfy a judgment, reasonably incurred by the individual in respect of any civil, criminal, administrative, investigative or other proceeding in which the individual is involved because of that association with the Company or other entity. The Company shall not indemnify an individual unless the individual:

- acted honestly and in good faith with a view to the best interests of the Company or, as the case may be, to the best interests of the other entity for which the individual acted as a director or officer or in a similar capacity at the Company's request; and
- in the case of a criminal or administration action or proceeding enforced by a monetary penalty, had reasonable grounds to believe the conduct was lawful.
- An individual referred to above is entitled to an indemnity from the Company in respect of all costs, charges and expenses reasonably incurred by the individual in connection with the defense of any civil, criminal, administrative, investigative or other proceeding to which the individual is subject because of the individual's association with the Company or other entity as described above, if the individual seeking an indemnity:
- o acted honestly and in good faith with a view to the best interests of the Company or, as the case may be, to the best interests of the other entity for which the individual acted as a director or officer or in a similar capacity at the Company's request;
- o in the case of a criminal or administration action or proceeding enforced by a monetary penalty, had reasonable grounds to believe the conduct was lawful; and
- o was not judged by a court or other competent authority to have committed any fault or omitted to do anything that the individual ought to have done.

## Committees of the Board

## Audit Committee

Jatinder Dhaliwal, David Jenkins and Christopher Cooper currently serve as the members of our audit committee. Our board of directors has determined that  each  of  Jatinder  Dhaliwal,  David  Jenkins  and  Christopher  Cooper  meet  the  independent  director  standard  under  Nasdaq  listing  standards  and  under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. David Jenkins serves as the chairman of the audit committee.

Our audit committee is responsible for, among other things:

- appointing, compensating, retaining, evaluating, terminating and overseeing our independent registered public accounting firm;
- discussing with our independent registered public accounting firm their independence from management;
- reviewing, with our independent registered public accounting firm, the scope and results of their audit;
- approving all audit and permissible non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm;
- overseeing  the  financial  reporting  process  and  discussing  with  management  and  our  independent  registered  public  accounting  firm  any  financial statements that we file with the SEC;
- overseeing our financial and accounting controls and compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;
- reviewing our policies on risk assessment and risk management;
- reviewing related person transactions; and
- establishing  procedures  for  the  confidential  anonymous  submission  of  concerns  regarding  questionable  accounting,  internal  controls  or  auditing matters.

## Compensation Committee

Jatinder Dhaliwal, David Jenkins and Christopher Cooper currently serve as the members of our compensation committee. Our board of directors has determined that each of Jatinder Dhaliwal, David Jenkins and Christopher Cooper meet the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. Jatinder Dhaliwal serves as the chairman of the compensation committee.

Our compensation committee is responsible for, among other things:

- determining and recommending to the Board of Directors for approval, the corporate goals and objectives, evaluating the performance and reviewing and approving the compensation of our executive officers;
- reviewing  or  making  recommendations  to  our  Board  of  Directors  regarding  our  incentive  compensation  and  equity-based  plans,  policies  and programs;
- reviewing all employment agreement and severance arrangements for our executive officers;
- reviewing and making recommendations to our Board of Directors regarding the compensation of our directors; and
- retaining and overseeing any compensation consultants.

## Nominating Committee

Jatinder Dhaliwal and Christopher Cooper currently serve as members of our nominating and corporate governance committee. Our board of directors has determined that Jatinder Dhaliwal and Christopher Cooper meet the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b) (1) of the Exchange Act. Christopher Cooper is the chairman of the nominating and corporate governance committee.

Our nominating and corporate governance committee is responsible for, among other things:

- identifying individuals qualified to become members of our Board of Directors consistent with criteria approved by our Board of Directors;
- overseeing succession planning for our executive officers;
- periodically reviewing our Board of Directors' leadership structure and recommending any proposed changes to our Board of Directors;
- overseeing an annual evaluation of the effectiveness of our Board of Directors and its committees;
- developing and recommending to our Board of Directors a set of corporate governance guidelines;
- developing and recommending to our Board of Directors our ESG initiatives and programs.

## Board Leadership Structure and Risk Oversight

Our Board of Directors oversees our business and considers the risks associated with our business strategy and decisions. Our Board of Directors currently implements its risk oversight function as a whole. Each of the Board committees also provides risk oversight in respect of its areas of concentration and report material risks to the Board for further consideration.

## Conflicts of Interest

There are potential conflicts of interest to which the directors, officers, and insiders of our company will be subject in connection with the operations of our  company. Some of the directors, officers and insiders are engaged in and will continue to be engaged in corporations or businesses which may be in competition with the business of our company. Accordingly, situations may arise where the directors, officers and insiders will be in direct competition with our company. The directors and officers of our company have a fiduciary obligation to act in the best interests of our company, avoid conflicts of interest and to disclose to all other board members any relevant information about potential conflicts. They have the same obligations to the other companies in respect of which they act as directors and officers. Discharge by the directors and officers of their obligations to our company may result in a breach of their obligations to the other companies, and in certain circumstances this could expose our company to liability to those companies. Similarly, discharge by the directors and officers of their obligations to the other companies could result in a breach of their obligation to act in the best interests of our company. Such conflicting legal obligations may expose our company to liability to others and impair our ability to achieve our business objectives. All of the directors or officers of our company have entered into non-competition or non-disclosure agreements with our company. Conflicts, if any, will be subject to the procedures and remedies as provided under the Code of Ethics and Related Party Transaction Policy and applicable securities laws, regulations and policies.

## Terms of Office

Each  of  our  officers  holds  office  until  his  or  her  successor  is  appointed.  Directors  are  elected  to  serve  until  the  close  of  the  next  annual  meeting  of shareholders or until their successors have been elected or appointed.

## Director Independence

We use the definition of ' independence '  under  applicable  Nasdaq  Listing  Rules  to  make  determinations  regarding  director  independence.  Under  such definitions,  the  Company's  Board  of  Directors  has  affirmatively  determined  that  each  of  Jatinder  Dhaliwal,  David  Jenkins  and  Christopher  Cooper  is independent.

## Shareholder Communications

We do not have a formal policy regarding shareholder communications with our Board of Directors. A shareholder who wishes to communicate with our Board of Directors may do so by directing a written request addressed to our Chief Financial Officer, at Akanda Corp., 1a, 1b Learoyd Road New Romney TN28 8XU, United Kingdom.

## D. Employees

As of April 29, 2024, we had a total of 5 employees.

## E. Share Ownership

See Item 6.B. - 'Compensation' and Item 7 - 'Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions.'

## F. Disclosure of a Registrant's Action to Recover Erroneously Awarded Compensation

Not applicable.

## ITEM 7. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

## A. Major Shareholders

## Share Ownership

The following table sets forth information about the beneficial ownership of our Common Shares as of April \_\_, 2024 by:

- each of our executive officers and directors;
- all of our executive officers and directors; and
- each person or entity (or group of affiliated persons or entities) known by us to be the beneficial owner of 5% or more of our Common Shares.

To  our  knowledge,  each  shareholder  named  in  the  table  has  sole  voting  and  investment  power  with  respect  to  all  of  our  Common  Shares  shown  as 'beneficially owned' (as determined by the rules of the SEC) by such shareholder, subject to applicable community property laws and except as otherwise set forth in the footnotes to the table. The SEC has defined 'beneficial' ownership of a security to mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of voting power and/or investment power.

Percentages  beneficial  ownership  (as  determined  in  accordance  with  Rule  13d-3  under  the  Exchange Act)  are  based  on  32,015,528  Common  Shares outstanding as of April 30, 2024.

Common Shares which may be acquired upon conversion of convertible securities or exercise of stock options or warrants which are currently exercisable or convertible or which become exercisable or convertible within 60 days after the date indicated in the table are deemed beneficially owned by the holder thereof.

Except as noted in the footnotes to the table below, the address for all of the shareholders in the table below is c/o Akanda, 1a, 1b Learoyd Road New Romney TN28 8XU, United Kingdom.

| Percentage of Common Shares  Beneficially Owned (1)  Name of Beneficial Owner  Number of Common Shares  Beneficially Owned  Percentage  Executive Officers and Directors:  Katharyn Field (2)  -  -  Gurcharn Deol  -  -  Jatinder Dhaliwal  -  -  David Jenkins  -  -  Christopher Cooper  -  -  All executive officers and directors as a group  -  -  5% or more Shareholders:  -  -  -  -  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Represents less than 1% of the number of Common Shares outstanding.

(1) Beneficial  ownership  is  determined  in  accordance  with  Rule  13d-3  under  the  Exchange Act. A  person  is  deemed  to  be  the  beneficial  owner  of  any Common Shares if that person has or shares voting power or investment power with respect to those shares or has the right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time within 60 days.

(2) Katharyn Field is the CEO and Chairman of Halo but does not have voting or dispositive power over the Common Shares held of record and beneficially owned by Halo. Ms. Field disclaims beneficial ownership of the Common Shares held by Halo.

For additional information about our principal shareholders, please see Item 7.B. - Related Party Transactions.

## B. Related Party Transactions

## Secured convertible debenture

On November 3, 2021 (the 'Issuance Date'), the Company entered into an agreement with Halo in which the Company issued Halo a secured convertible debenture with an initial value of $6,559,294. The notes were convertible into Common Shares of the Company's capital receiving the number of shares, at its current market price, required to satisfy the principal and interest payable. The obligation to convert the note within six months of the Issuance Date is triggered by (a) an initial public offering by the Company on a stock exchange; (b) an amalgamation, arrangement, merger, reverse takeover, reorganization or similar event; (c) a sale or conveyance of all or substantially all of the property and assets of the Company to any arm's length third party for consideration consisting of free trading securities and the subsequent distribution of all of such consideration to all of the holders of Common Shares, on a pro rata basis; (d) the sale or exchange  of  all  or  substantially  all  of  shares  of  the  Borrower  for  free  trading  securities.  The  debt  bears  interest  at  one  percent  per  annum,  matures  on November 3, 2022 and is secured by all of the assets of the Company other than the interests in the securities of Bophelo Bio Science and Wellness (Pty) Ltd. and ranks ahead of all other debt issued by the Company. On March 15, 2022, upon completion of the Company's initial public offering the Company issued 164,574 Common Shares to Halo Collective, Inc. ('Halo') at a price of $40 each to settle the principal amount of $6,559,294 plus accrued interest $23,686 owing to Halo in terms of a convertible debenture agreement, which totaled $6,582,980 at the time of conversion.

## Unsecured debenture

On January 26, 2023, the Company issued a promissory note to Halo for a principal amount of $328,000.00 (the 'Halo Note'). The Halo Note bears an interest rate of 7% per annum and has matured on June 25, 2023. If the amount payable is due, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, the overdue amount shall bear and accrue an interest rate of 1.25%. On July 25, 2023, the Company and Halo entered into a Note Conversion Agreement to convert $360,960 of the total remaining outstanding balance, including accrued interest, under the Halo Note into 582,193 Common Shares of the Company at $0.62 per share (the 'Conversion Shares'). The Company and Halo agreed that after the issuance of the Conversion Shares, the principal balance outstanding under the Halo Note is $0.

During the period from February 1, 2023 to March 31, 2024, the Company received additional loans from Halo in the aggregate principal amount of $1,539,949. These loans are unsecured and bears the same interest rate of 7% per annum and have no specific terms of repayment. The Company made a partial payment amounting to $26,897 in January 2024 and $110,791 in March 2024. As of March 31, 2024, the outstanding balance to Halo, including accrued interest and other loans was $1,326,682.

## Transactions with Key Management Personnel

The Company has identified its  Board  of  Directors,  Executive  Chairman,  Chief  Executive  Officer  ('CEO'),  Chief  Operating  Officer  ('COO'),  Chief Financial Officer ('CFO') and its President as its key management personnel who have the authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the Company's main activities.

| ## For the fiscal year ended December 31,  2023  Key Management Remuneration  $  522,669  Stock-based compensation  -  Short term accommodation expense  -  $  522,669   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Key Management remuneration is included in Professional and Consulting fees and Personnel Expenses in the Statement of Operations.

As of December 31, 2023, the Company has balances payable to related parties of $2,255,522 (2022 - $679,617) as below:

- a. Included  within  accounts  payable  and  accrued  liabilities  at  December  31,  2023  is  remuneration  payable  to  key  management  totaling  $889,367 (2022 - $679,617), which includes amounts owing to the following current and former directors and officers of the Company:
- current directors and officers:
- i. $99,051 owing to J Dhaliwal (2022 - $nil);
- ii. $81,384 owing to K Field (2022 - $nil);
- iii. $81,384 owing to H Singh (2022 - $nil); and
- iv. $81,384 owing to D Jenkins (2022 - $nil).

- former directors and officers:
- i. $85,733 owing to T Scott (2022 - $507,326);
- ii. $28,196 owing to Y Liang (2022 - $nil);
- iii. $nil owing to T Virk (2022 - $15,092);
- iv. $nil owing to T Flow (2022 - $49,617);
- v. $nil owing to Dr. Akkar-Schenkl (2022 - $17,223);
- vi. $nil owing to L Mojela (2022 - $15,092);
- vii. $8,417 owing to P van den Berg (2022 - $16,344);
- viii. $15,418 owing to C Kié (2022 - $22,335);
- ix. $8,333 owing to G Jones (2022 - $10,379);
- x. $10,039 owing to P Freyre (2022 - $7,619);
- xi. $8,333 owing to G Dingaan (2022 - $10,379); and
- xii. $6,250 owing to B Baker (2022 - $8,211).
- b. The sole director and officer of RPK, Kiranjit Sidhu is also the owner of Catalyst Capital LLC ('Catalyst').
- i. On November 14, 2022, the Company received a loan of £25,000 ($30,224) from Catalyst. The loan is unsecured and bears interest of £200 per week. The loan has matured on January 31, 2023 and is due on demand. Any unpaid amount is charged with late fees of £200 for each week the payment is late. As of December 31, 2023, the loan balance including accrued interest of $46,811 (2022 - $30,224) remains outstanding.
- ii. On January 17, 2023, the Company received an additional loan of €45,000 ($48,666) from Catalyst. The loan is unsecured and bears interest of 0.75% per day, compounding daily. The loan has matured on February 1, 2023 and is due on demand. Any unpaid amount is charged with late fees of 1% compounding interest for each day the payment is late. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the lender has willingly forgone any interest  arising  from  this  loan. As  of  December  31,  2023,  the  loan  balance  including  accrued  interest  of  $49,664  (2022  -  $nil)  remains outstanding.
- iii. On January 23, 2023, the Company entered into an independent contractor agreement with Mr. Sidhu, pursuant to which, he agreed to provide services  regarding  the  business  operations,  business  development  and  strategic  matters  to  the  Company  for  $550,000.  The  payment  for  the services was settled by the issuance of 289,473 RSU converted to 289,473 Common Shares of the Company to Mr. Sidhu in January 2023.
- iv. On February 5,  2023,  the  Company  entered  into  another  independent  contractor  agreement  with  Mr.  Sidhu,  pursuant  to  which,  he  agreed  to provide services regarding the business operations, business development, legal and strategic matters to the Company for $650,000. The payment for the services was partially settled by the issuance of 161,295 RSUs converted to 161,295 Common Shares in May 2023 and 140,746 RSUs converted to 140,746 Common Shares in July 2023. As of the December 31, 2023, the balance of the payment is $350,395.
- c. The Company has the following loans outstanding to 1248787 B.C. Ltd. ('1248787'), a company controlled by Jatinder Dhaliwal, a director of the Akanda:
- i. On August 18, 2023, the Company received a loan of C$24,000 ($17,714) from 1248787. The loan is unsecured, bears interest of 18% per annum and  payable  within  12  months. As  of  the  December  31,  2023,  the  loan  balance  including  accrued  interest  of  $19,306  (2022  -  $nil)  remains outstanding.
- ii. On September 27, 2023, the Company received a loan of C$3,000 ($2,219) from 1248787. The loan is unsecured, bears interest of 18% per annum and payable within 12 months. As of the December 31, 2023, the loan balance including accrued interest of $2,369 (2022 - $nil) remains outstanding.

iii. On October 13, 2023, the Company received a loan of C$40,000 ($29,258) from 1248787. The loan is unsecured, bears interest of 18% per annum and payable within 12 months. As of the December 31, 2023, the loan balance including accrued interest of $31,346 (2022 - $nil) remains outstanding.

The Company's related party transactions are measured at the exchange amount which is the amount of consideration established and agreed to by the related parties.

## Outstanding Claims

On January 29, 2024, the Company was informed that Mr. Shailesh Bhushan, the former Chief Financial Officer of the Company, filed a complaint with the  Employment  Standards  Branch  of  British  Columbia  claiming  unpaid  salary  and  invoices  in  the  aggregate  amount  of  CAD  $271,990  from  the  period December 2022 through November 2023. The Company previously offered to Mr. Bhushan an annual salary of CAD $60,000 and as such, believes the claim to be frivolous, strongly disputes the amount claimed, and intends to vigorously defend itself.

See Notes 5 and 22 of our Audited Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2023 for a description of additional outstanding claims by and against the Company.

On April 24, 2024, Mr. Harvinder Singh resigned as an independent director of the Board of Directors of the Company. A Resignation and Mutual Release Agreement dated April 24, 2024 was entered between the Company and Mr. Singh, pursuant to which the Company agreed to pay Harvinder Singh a separation and release amount of $50,000.

Additionally, please refer to Note 16 of Akanda Group's audited financial statements included in Item 18 of this Annual Report on Form 20-F.

## C. Interests of Experts and Counsel

Not applicable.

## ITEM 8. FINANCIAL INFORMATION

## A. Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information

See Item 18. - 'Financial Statements.'

## B. Significant Changes

No significant changes occurred since the date of the annual financial statements.

## ITEM 9. THE OFFER AND LISTING

## A. Offer and Listing Details

Our Common Shares have traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol 'AKAN' from our initial public offering on March 15, 2022.

## B. Plan of Distribution

Not applicable.

## C. Markets

Our ordinary shares are listed and traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market.

## D. Selling Shareholders

Not applicable.

## E. Dilution

Not applicable.

## F. Expenses of the Issue

Not applicable.

## ITEM 10. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

## A. Share Capital

Not applicable.

## B. Memorandum and Articles of Association

## General

The Company's Articles of Incorporation, as amended by Articles of Amendment dated as of August 30, 2021, and as further amended by Articles of Amendment dated as of March 8, 2023 (the 'Articles'),  provide  that  our  authorized  capital  consists  of  an  unlimited  number  of  Common  Shares,  and  an unlimited number of preferred shares (the 'Preferred Shares'), issuable in series.

As of April 30, 2024, the Company has 32,015,528 Common Shares issued and outstanding and no Preferred Shares issued and outstanding.

## Rights, Preferences and Restrictions Attaching to Our Common Shares

The Articles provide the following rights, privileges, restrictions and conditions attaching to our Common Shares:

- to vote at meetings of shareholders, except meetings at which only holders of a specified class of shares other than the Common Shares are entitled to vote;
- subject to the prior rights of the holders of the Preferred Shares, to share equally in the remaining property of our Company on liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of our Company; and
- subject to the prior rights of the holders of the Preferred Shares, the Common Shares are entitled to receive dividends if, as, and when declared by the Board of Directors.

The holders of Common Shares are entitled to receive notice of and to attend all annual and special meetings of our shareholders and to one vote in respect of each Common Share held at the record date for each such meeting, except a meeting of holders of a particular class of shares other than Common Shares who are entitled to vote separately as a class at such meeting. Subject to the prior rights of the holders of the Preferred Shares, the holders of Common Shares are entitled, at the discretion of our Board of Directors, to receive out of any or all of our profits or surplus properly available for the payment of dividends, any dividend declared by our Board of Directors and payable by the Company on the Common Shares. The holders of the Common Shares will participate in any distribution of the assets of the Company upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up or other distribution of the assets of the Company, subject to the prior rights of the holder of the Preferred Shares.

## Pre-emptive Rights

Our Common Shares do not contain any pre-emptive purchase rights to any of our securities.

## Shareholder Meetings

The Business Corporations Act ( Ontario ) provides that:  (i)  a  general  meeting  of  shareholders  shall  be  held  at  such  place  in  or  outside  Ontario  as  the directors determine or, in the absence of such a determination, at the place where the registered office of our Company is located; (ii) directors must call an annual meeting of shareholders not later than 18 months after the date of incorporation and no later than 15 months after the last preceding annual meeting; (iii) for the purpose of determining shareholders entitled to receive notice of or vote at meetings of shareholders, the directors may fix in advance a date as the record date for that determination, provided that such date shall not precede by more than 60 days or by less than 30 days, the date on which the meeting is to be held; (iv) the holders of not less than 5% of the issued shares entitled to vote at a meeting may requisition the directors to call a meeting of shareholders for the purposes stated in the requisition; and (v) if for any reasons it impracticable to call a meeting of shareholders in the matter in which it may be called or to conduct the meeting in the matter prescribed by the by-laws, the Articles or the Business Corporations Act (Ontario), or for any other reason the court thinks fit, the court, upon the application of a director or shareholder entitled to vote at the meeting, may order a meeting to be called, held and conducted in a manner that the court directs. The Company's by-laws provide that a quorum is met when at least two persons present in person and holding or representing by proxy not less than 10% of the votes attached to all shares entitled to be voted at the meeting.

The holders of our Common Shares are entitled to attend and vote at all meetings of the shareholders of the Company, except a meeting of holders of a particular class of shares other than the Common Shares who are entitled to vote separately as a class at such meeting.

## Fully Paid and Non-assessable

All outstanding Common Shares are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

## Resale Restrictions

Our Articles do not impose restrictions on the transfer of Common Shares by a shareholder.

## Preferred Shares

The Preferred Shares may at any time and from time to time be issued in one or more series. The Board of Directors will, by resolution, from time to time, before the issue thereof, fix the designation, rights, privileges, restrictions and conditions attaching to the Preferred Shares of each series.

## Transfer Agent and Registrar

The transfer agent and registrar for our Common Shares is Vstock Transfer, LLC.

## Listing

Our Common Shares are listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol 'AKAN'.

## C. Material Contracts

See Item 6.B - Compensation and Item 7.B. - Related Party Transactions.

## D. Exchange Controls

We are not aware of any governmental laws, decrees, regulations or other legislation in Canada that restrict the export or import of capital, including the availability of cash and cash equivalents for use by our affiliated companies, or that affect the remittance of dividends, interest or other payments to nonresident holders of our securities. Any remittances of dividends to residents of the United States and to other non-resident holders are, however, subject to withholding tax. See Item 10.E. - 'Taxation'.

## E. Taxation

## Material Canadian Federal Income Tax Considerations

The following summary describes the principal Canadian federal income tax considerations pursuant to the Income Tax Act (Canada) and the regulations thereunder (the 'Tax Act') generally applicable to the acquisition, holding and disposition of the Common Shares by a holder who acquires, as beneficial owner, our Common Shares and who, for purposes of the Tax Act and at all relevant times, holds the Common Shares as capital property, deals at arm's length with the Company and is not affiliated with the Company (a 'Holder'). Generally, the Common Shares will be considered to be capital property to a Holder provided the Holder does not acquire or hold the Common Shares in the course of carrying on a business of trading or dealing in securities and has not acquired them in one or more transactions considered to be an adventure or concern in the nature of trade.

This summary does not apply to a Holder (i) that is a 'financial institution' for the purposes of the mark-to-market rules contained in the Tax Act; (ii) that is  a  'specified financial institution' as defined in the Tax Act; (iii), an interest in which would be, or for whom a Common Share would be, a 'tax shelter investment' as defined in the Tax Act; (iv) that has made a functional currency reporting election under the Tax Act to report in a currency other than the Canadian currency; (v) that has or will enter into a 'derivative forward agreement', a 'synthetic disposition arrangement' or a 'dividend rental arrangement', each as defined under the Tax Act, with respect to the Common Shares. (vi) that carries on, or is deemed to carry on, an insurance business in Canada or elsewhere. Such Holders should consult their own tax advisors with respect to an investment in the Common Shares.

Additional considerations, not discussed herein, may be applicable to a Holder that is a corporation resident in Canada, and that is or becomes, or does not deal  at  arm's  length  for  purposes  of  the  Tax Act  with  a  corporation  resident  in  Canada  that  is  or  becomes,  as  part  of  a  transaction  or  event  or  series  of transactions or events that includes the acquisition of the Common Shares, controlled by a non-resident person or group of non-resident persons not dealing with each other at arm's length for purposes of the 'foreign affiliate dumping' rules in section 212.3 of the Tax Act. Such Holders should consult their own tax advisors with respect to the possible application of these rules.

In addition, this summary does not address the deductibility of interest by a Holder who has borrowed money or otherwise incurred debt in connection with the acquisition of the Common Shares.

This summary is based upon the provisions of the Tax Act in force as of the date hereof, all specific proposals to amend the Tax Act that have been publicly announced by or on behalf of the Minister of Finance (Canada) prior to the date hereof (the 'Proposed Amendments') and counsel's understanding of the  current  administrative  policies  and  assessing  practices  of  the  Canada  Revenue Agency  ('CRA')  made  publicly  available  prior  to  the  date  hereof. This summary assumes the Proposed Amendments will be enacted in the form proposed, however, no assurance can be given that the Proposed Amendments will be enacted in the form proposed, if at all. This summary is not exhaustive of all possible Canadian federal income tax considerations and, except for the Proposed Amendments,  does  not  take  into  account  or  anticipate  any  changes  in  law  or  the  administrative  policies  or  assessing  practices  of  the  CRA,  whether  by legislative,  governmental  or  judicial  action  or  decision,  nor  does  it  take  into  account  provincial,  territorial  or  foreign  tax  considerations,  which  may  differ significantly from those discussed herein.

Subject to certain exceptions that are not discussed in this summary, for the purposes of the Tax Act, all amounts relating to the acquisition, holding or disposition of Common Shares, including dividends, must be determined in Canadian dollars using the relevant exchange rate determined in accordance with the Tax Act.

This  summary is  of  a  general  nature  only  and  is  not  intended  to  be,  nor  should  it  be  construed  to  be,  legal  or  tax  advice  to  any  particular  holder  or prospective holder of the Common Shares, and no representations with respect to the income tax consequences to any holder or prospective holder are made. Consequently, holders and prospective holders of the Common Shares should consult their own tax advisors for advice with respect to the tax consequences to them of acquiring the Common Shares, having regard to their particular circumstances.

## Holders Resident in Canada

This portion of the summary applies to a Holder who, at all relevant times, for purposes of the Tax Act and any applicable income tax treaty or convention, is or is deemed to be resident in Canada (a 'Resident Holder').

Certain  Resident  Holders  who  might  not  otherwise  be  considered  to  hold  their  Common  Shares  as  capital  property  may,  in  certain  circumstances,  be entitled to have the Common Shares, and all other 'Canadian securities' (as defined in the Tax Act) owned by such Resident Holders in the taxation year of the election and any subsequent taxation year, treated as capital property by making the irrevocable election permitted by subsection 39(4) of the Tax Act. Resident Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the availability or advisability of this election.

## Dividends on the Common Shares

Dividends received or deemed to be received on the Common Shares by a Resident Holder who is an individual (other than certain trusts) will generally be included in the individual's income and will be subject to the gross-up and dividend tax credit rules applicable to taxable dividends received from taxable Canadian corporations, including the enhanced dividend tax credit rules applicable to any dividends designated by the Company as 'eligible dividends' in accordance with the Tax Act. There may be limitations on the ability of the Company to designate dividends as 'eligible dividends.'

In the case of a Resident Holder that is a corporation, the amount of any such taxable dividend that is included in its income for a taxation year will generally also be deductible in computing its taxable income for that taxation year. In certain circumstances, a dividend received or deemed to be received by a Resident Holder that is a corporation may be deemed to be proceeds of disposition or a capital gain pursuant to subsection 55(2) of the Tax Act. Resident Holders that are corporations should consult their own tax advisors having regard to their own particular circumstances.

A Resident Holder that is a 'private corporation' or a 'subject corporation', each as defined in the Tax Act will generally be liable to pay a refundable tax under Part IV of the Tax Act on dividends received or deemed to be received on the Common Shares to the extent such dividends are deductible in computing its taxable income for the taxation year. Such additional tax may be refundable in certain circumstances.

## Dispositions of Common Shares

Upon a disposition (or a deemed disposition) of a Common Share, a Resident Holder generally will realize a capital gain (or a capital loss) equal to the amount, if any, by which the proceeds of disposition of such Common Share, net of any reasonable costs of disposition, are greater (or are less) than the adjusted cost base of such Common Share to the Resident Holder.

The adjusted cost base to a Resident Holder of Common Shares acquired hereunder will be determined by averaging the cost of such Common Shares to the Resident Holder with the adjusted cost base of all other Common Shares, if any, held by the Resident Holder as capital property immediately before the acquisition.

## Taxation of Capital Gains and Capital Losses

Generally, one-half of any capital gain (a 'taxable capital gain') realized by a Resident Holder in a taxation year must be included in the Resident Holder's income for the year and one-half of any capital loss (an 'allowable capital loss') realized by a Resident Holder in a taxation year must be deducted from taxable capital gains realized by the Resident Holder in that year. Allowable capital losses in excess of taxable capital gains realized in a taxation year generally may be carried back and deducted in any of the three preceding taxation years or carried forward and deducted in any subsequent taxation year against net taxable capital gains realized in such years, to the extent and under the circumstances described in the Tax Act.

The amount of any capital loss realized by a Resident Holder that is a corporation on the disposition of a Common Share may be reduced by the amount of dividends received or deemed to be received by it on such Common Share, to the extent and under the circumstances described in the Tax Act. Similar rules may apply where a Common Share is owned by a partnership or trust of which a corporation, trust or partnership is a member or beneficiary. Resident Holders to whom these rules may be relevant should consult their own tax advisors.

## Aggregate Investment Income

A Resident Holder that is, throughout the relevant taxation year, a 'Canadian-controlled private corporation', as defined in the Tax Act, may be liable to pay a  refundable  tax  on  its  'aggregate  investment  income',  which  is  defined  in  the Tax Act  to  include  an  amount  in  respect  of  taxable  capital  gains  and dividends or deemed dividends that are not deductible in computing such corporation's income. Pursuant to Proposed Amendments released on April 7, 2022 in a Notice of Ways and Means Motion (the 'Notice') released with the federal budget, it is proposed that the refundable tax on investment income will also apply to corporations that are 'substantive CCPCs' as defined in the Notice.

## Alternative Minimum Tax

Capital gains realized and dividends received or deemed to be received by an individual (including certain trusts) may give rise to liability for alternative minimum tax as calculated under the detailed rules set out in the Tax Act. Resident Holders who are individuals should consult their own tax advisors in this regard.

## Holders Not Resident in Canada

This portion of the summary applies to a Holder who, at all relevant times, for purposes of the Tax Act and any applicable income tax treaty or convention (i) is neither resident nor deemed to be resident in Canada, and (ii) does not, and is not deemed to, use or hold the Common Shares in a business carried on in Canada (a 'Non-Resident Holder'). In addition, this portion of the summary does not apply to an insurer who carries on an insurance business in Canada and elsewhere or an 'authorized foreign bank' (as defined in the Tax Act) and such Non-Resident Holders should consult their own tax advisors.

## Dividends on the Common Shares

Any dividends paid or credited, or deemed to be paid or credited, on the Common Shares, as the case may be, to a Non-Resident Holder will generally be subject to Canadian withholding tax at the rate of 25% of the gross amount of the dividend, subject to any reduction in the rate of withholding to which that Non-Resident Holder may be entitled under an applicable income tax treaty or convention. For instance, where the Non-Resident Holder is a resident of the United States that is entitled to applicable benefits under the Canada-United States Income Tax Convention (1980), as amended, and is the beneficial owner of the  dividends,  the  rate  of  Canadian  withholding  tax  applicable  to  dividends  is  generally  reduced  to  15%.  The  rate  of  withholding  tax  is  generally  further reduced to 5% if the beneficial owner of such dividend is a company that owns, directly or indirectly, at least 10% of the voting stock of the Company. NonResident Holders should consult their own tax advisors to determine their entitlement to relief under an applicable income tax treaty or convention.

## Disposition of the Common Shares

A Non-Resident Holder will not be subject to tax under the Tax Act in respect of any capital gain realized by such Non-Resident Holder on a disposition of a Common Share unless such share constitutes 'taxable Canadian property' (as defined in the Tax Act) of the Non-Resident Holder at the time of disposition and the Non-Resident Holder is not entitled to relief under an applicable income tax treaty or convention.

Generally, the Common Shares will not constitute 'taxable Canadian property' of a Non-Resident Holder at any particular time provided that the Common Shares are then listed on a 'designated stock exchange' for the purposes of the Tax Act (which currently includes the Nasdaq), unless at any time during the 60-month period immediately preceding such time: (i) at least 25% or more of the issued shares of any class or series of the capital stock of the Company were owned by or belonged to any combination of (x) the Non-Resident Holder, (y) persons with whom the Non-Resident Holder did not deal at arm's length (for the  purposes of the Tax Act), and (z) partnerships in which the Non-Resident Holder or a person described in (y) holds a membership interest directly or indirectly through one or more partnerships; and (ii) more than 50% of the fair market value of such shares was derived directly or indirectly from one, or any combination of, real or immovable property situated in Canada, Canadian resource property (as defined in the Tax Act), timber resource property (as defined in the  Tax Act)  or  options  in  respect  of,  interests  in  or  for  civil  law  rights  in,  any  such  property  (whether  or  not  such  property  exists).  Notwithstanding  the foregoing, the Common Shares may also be deemed to be 'taxable Canadian property' in certain circumstances.

In cases where a Non-Resident Holder disposes (or is deemed to have disposed) of a Common Share that is 'taxable Canadian property' to that NonResident Holder, and the Non-Resident Holder is not entitled to an exemption under an applicable income tax treaty or convention, the consequences described above under the headings 'Holders Resident in Canada - Dispositions of Common Shares' and 'Taxation of Capital Gains and Capital Losses' will generally be applicable to such disposition. Non-Resident Holders for whom a Common Share is, or may be, 'taxable Canadian property' should consult their own tax advisors.

## Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations

The following discussion is a general summary of certain material U.S. federal income tax considerations with respect to the ownership and disposition of shares of our Common Shares. This summary is based on current U.S. federal income tax laws (including provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 'Code'), U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder and administrative rulings and court decisions, all in effect as of the date hereof), all of which are subject to change at any time, possibly with retroactive effect.

For purposes of this discussion, the term 'U.S. Holder' means a beneficial owner of one or more of our Common Shares that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes one of the following:

- an individual citizen or resident of the United States, including individuals treated as residents of the United States solely for tax purposes;
- a corporation created or organized in or under the laws of the United States or any political subdivision thereof;
- an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source, or;
- a trust if (1) a court within the United States can exercise primary supervision over it, and one or more United States persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or (2) the trust has a valid election in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations to be treated as a United States person.

This discussion applies only to a U.S. Holder that holds Common Shares as 'capital assets' within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code (generally, property held for investment). Unless otherwise provided, this summary does not discuss reporting requirements. In addition, this discussion does not address any tax consequences other than U.S. federal income tax consequences, such as U.S. state and local tax consequences, U.S. estate and gift tax consequences, and  non-U.S.  tax  consequences,  and  does  not  describe  all  of  the  U.S.  federal  income  tax  consequences  that  may  be  relevant  in  light  of  a  U.S.  Holder's particular circumstances, including alternative minimum tax consequences, the net investment income tax, and tax consequences to holders that are subject to special provisions under the Code, including, but not limited to, holders that:

- are tax exempt organizations, qualified retirement plans, individual retirement accounts, or other tax deferred accounts;
- are financial institutions, underwriters, insurance companies, real estate investment trusts, or regulated investment companies;
- are brokers or dealers in securities or currencies or holders that are traders in securities that elect to apply a mark-to-market accounting method;

- have a 'functional currency' for U.S. federal income tax purposes that is not the U.S. dollar;
- own Common Shares as part of a straddle, hedging transaction, conversion transaction, constructive sale, or other arrangement involving more than one position;
- acquire Common Shares in connection with the exercise of employee stock options or otherwise as compensation for services;
- are partnerships or other pass-through entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes (or investors in such partnerships and entities);
- are required to accelerate the recognition of any item of gross income with respect to the Common Shares as a result of such income being recognized on an applicable financial statement;
- own or will own (directly, indirectly, or constructively) 10% or more of our total combined voting power or value;
- are controlled foreign corporations;
- are passive foreign investment companies;
- hold the Common Shares in connection with trade or business conducted outside of the United States or in connection with a permanent establishment or other fixed place of business outside of the United States; or
- are former U.S. citizens or former long-term residents of the United States.

If an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds shares of our securities, the tax treatment of a person treated as a partner for U.S. federal income tax purposes generally will depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Persons that for U.S. federal income tax purposes are treated as a partner in a partnership holding shares of our securities should consult their tax advisors.

We have not sought, and do not expect to seek, a ruling from the United States Internal Revenue Service (the ' IRS '),  as  to  any  United States federal income tax consequence described herein. The IRS may disagree with the discussion herein, and its determination may be upheld by a court. Moreover, there can be no assurance that future legislation, regulations, administrative rulings or court decisions will not adversely affect the accuracy of the statements in this discussion.

Except as otherwise noted, this summary assumes that the Company (nor any of its subsidiaries) is not a passive foreign investment company (a ' PFIC ') for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A non-U.S. entity's possible status as a PFIC must be determined annually and therefore may be subject to change. If the Company (or any of its subsidiaries) were to be a PFIC in any year, materially adverse consequences could result for U.S. Holders.

All prospective investors should consult with their own tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal, state, local, non-U.S. income and other tax considerations of acquiring, holding and disposing of the Common Shares.

WE  RECOMMEND  THAT  PROSPECTIVE  HOLDERS  OF  OUR  COMMON  SHARES  CONSULT  WITH  THEIR  TAX  ADVISORS REGARDING THE TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM (INCLUDING THE APPLICATION AND EFFECT OF ANY FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. INCOME AND OTHER TAX LAWS) OF THE OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF OUR COMMON SHARES.

## U.S. Holders

## Taxation of Distributions to U.S. Holders

Subject to the PFIC rules discussed below, a U.S. Holder generally will be required to include in gross income, in accordance with such U.S. Holder's method of accounting for United States federal income tax purposes, as dividends the amount of any distribution of cash or other property (other than certain distributions of the Company's shares or rights to acquire the Company's shares) paid on the Company's Common Shares to the extent the distribution is paid out of the Company's current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined under United States federal income tax principles). Distributions in excess of such earnings and profits generally will be applied against and reduce the U.S. Holder's basis in its Common Shares (but not below zero) and, to the extent in excess of such basis, will be treated as gain from the sale or exchange of such Common Shares (the treatment of which is described under '- Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Common Shares to U.S. Holders' below). Because we do not intend to determine our earnings and profits on the basis of U.S. federal income tax principles, we expect that distributions, if issued, will generally be reported to U.S. Holders as dividends.

Dividends paid by us will be taxable to a corporate U.S. Holder at regular rates and will not be eligible for the dividends-received deduction generally allowed to domestic corporations in respect of dividends received from other domestic corporations. With respect to individuals and other non-corporate U.S. Holders, dividends generally will be taxed at the lower applicable long-term capital gains rate (see '-Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Common Shares to U.S. Holders' below) applicable to 'qualified dividend income,' provided that certain conditions are satisfied, including that (1) our Common Shares on which the dividends are paid are readily tradable on an established securities market in the United States or the Company is eligible for the benefits of the U.S.-Canada income tax treaty (the 'Treaty'), (2) we are not a PFIC (nor treated as such with respect to a U.S. Holder) at the time the dividend was paid or in the previous year, and (3) certain other requirements are met. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the availability of such lower rate for any dividends paid with respect to our Common Shares.

For  U.S.  foreign  tax  credit  purposes,  dividends  paid  on  our  Common  Shares  generally  will  be  treated  as  foreign  source  income  and  generally  will constitute  passive  category  income.  The  amount  of  a  dividend  will  include  any  amounts  withheld  by  us  in  respect  of  Canadian  income  taxes.  Subject  to applicable limitations, some of which vary depending upon the U.S. Holder's particular circumstances, Canadian income taxes withheld from dividends on the Common Shares, at a rate not exceeding any reduced rate pursuant to the Treaty, will be creditable against the U.S. Holder's U.S. federal income tax liability. In lieu of claiming a foreign tax credit, U.S. Holders may, at their election, deduct foreign taxes, including any Canadian income taxes, in computing their taxable income, subject to generally applicable limitations under U.S. law. An election to deduct foreign taxes instead of claiming foreign tax credits applies to all foreign taxes paid or accrued in the taxable year. The rules governing foreign tax credits are complex and U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the creditability or deductibility of foreign taxes in their particular circumstances.

The amount of any dividend paid in Canadian dollars will equal the U.S. dollar value of the Canadian dollars received, calculated by reference to the exchange rate in effect on the date the dividend is received by you, in the case of Common Shares, regardless of whether the Canadian dollars are converted into U.S. dollars. If the Canadian dollars received as a dividend are converted into U.S. dollars on the date of receipt, a U.S. Holder generally will not be required to recognize foreign currency gain or loss in respect of the dividend income. If the Canadian dollars received as a dividend are not converted into U.S. dollars on the date of receipt, a U.S. Holder will have a basis in the Canadian dollars equal to their U.S. dollar value on the date of receipt. Any gain or loss realized on a subsequent conversion or other disposition of the Canadian dollar will be treated as U.S. source ordinary income or loss.

## Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Common Shares to U.S. Holders

Subject  to  the  PFIC  rules  discussed  below,  a  U.S.  Holder  generally  will  recognize  capital  gain  or  loss  on  the  sale  or  other  taxable  disposition  of  our Common Shares. The amount of gain or loss recognized by a U.S. Holder on a sale or other taxable disposition generally will be equal to the difference between (i) the sum of the amount of cash and the fair market value of any property received in such disposition and (ii) the U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in its Common Shares so disposed of. A U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in its Common Shares generally will equal the U.S. Holder's acquisition cost reduced by any prior distributions treated as a return of capital.

Any capital gain or loss recognized generally will be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder's holding period for such Common Shares exceeds one year. Long-term capital gain realized by a non-corporate U.S. Holder may be taxed at rates of taxation lower than the rates applicable to ordinary income and short-term capital gains, while short-term capital gains are subject to U.S. federal income tax at the rates applicable to ordinary income. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to various limitations.

Any gain or loss recognized by a U.S. Holder will generally be U.S. source gain or loss for foreign tax credit purposes. Consequently, a U.S. Holder may not be able to use the foreign tax credit arising from any non-U.S. tax imposed on the disposition of the Common Shares unless such credit can be applied (subject to applicable limitations) against tax due on other income treated as derived from non-U.S. sources.

## Passive Foreign Investment Company ('PFIC') Rules

A non-U.S. corporation will  be  classified  as  a  PFIC  for  United  States  federal  income  tax  purposes  if  either  (i)  at  least  75%  of  its  gross  income  in  a taxable year, including its pro rata share of the gross income of any corporation in which it is considered to own at least 25% of the shares by value, is passive income (ii) at least 50% of its assets in a taxable year (ordinarily determined based on fair market value and averaged quarterly over the year), including its pro rata share of the assets of any corporation in which it is considered to own at least 25% of the shares by value, are held for the production of, or produce, passive income. Passive income generally includes, among other things, dividends, interest, rents and royalties (other than rents or royalties derived from the active conduct of a trade or business) and gains from the disposition of assets giving rise to passive income.

Although our PFIC status is determined annually, an initial determination that our Company is a PFIC generally will apply for subsequent years to a U.S. Holder who held Company Shares while we were a PFIC, whether or not we meet the test for PFIC status in those subsequent years. If we are determined to be a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our Common Shares and the U.S. Holder did not make either a timely mark-to-market election or a qualified electing fund (' QEF ') election for our first taxable year as a PFIC in which the U.S. Holder held (or was deemed to hold) Common Shares, as described below, such U.S. Holder generally will be subject to special rules with respect to (i) any gain recognized by the U.S. Holder on the sale or other disposition of its Common Shares (which may include gain realized by reason of transfers of Common Shares that would otherwise qualify as nonrecognition transactions for United States federal income tax purposes) and (ii) any 'excess distribution' made to the U.S. Holder (generally, any distributions to such U.S. Holder during a taxable year of the U.S. Holder that are greater than 125% of the average annual distributions received by such U.S. Holder in respect of the Common Shares during the three preceding taxable years of such U.S. Holder or, if shorter, such U.S. Holder's holding period for the Common Shares). Under these special tax rules:

- the U.S. Holder's gain or excess distribution will be allocated ratably over the U.S. Holder's holding period for the Common Shares;
- the amount allocated to the U.S. Holder's taxable year in which the U.S. Holder recognized the gain or received the excess distribution, or to the period in the U.S. Holder's holding period before the first day of our first taxable year in which we are a PFIC, will be taxed as ordinary income;
- the amount allocated to other taxable years (or portions thereof) of the U.S. Holder and included in its holding period will be taxed at the highest tax rate in effect for that year and applicable to the U.S. Holder without regard to the U.S. Holder's other items of income and loss for such year; and
- an additional amount equal to the interest charge generally applicable to underpayments of tax will be imposed on the U.S. Holder with respect to the tax attributable to each such other taxable year of the U.S. Holder.

In general, if we are determined to be a PFIC, a U.S. Holder may be able to avoid application of the PFIC tax consequences described above in respect to our Common Shares by making a timely and valid QEF election (if eligible to do so) to include in income its pro rata share of our net capital gains (as longterm capital gain) and other earnings and profits (as ordinary income), on a current basis, in each case whether or not distributed, in the taxable year of the U.S. Holder in which or with which our taxable year ends. A U.S. Holder generally may make a separate election to defer the payment of taxes on undistributed income inclusions under the QEF rules, but if deferred, any such taxes will be subject to an interest charge. There is no assurance that we will have timely knowledge of our status as a PFIC in the future or of the required information to be provided. We, therefore, have not determined whether, if we were to be classified as a PFIC for a taxable year, we will provide information necessary for a U.S. Holder to make a QEF election which, if available, would result in tax treatment different from (and generally less adverse than) the general tax treatment for PFICs. Accordingly, U.S. Holders should assume that they will not be able to make a QEF election with respect to the Common Shares.

Alternatively, if a U.S. Holder, at the close of its taxable year, owns shares in a PFIC that are treated as marketable stock, the U.S. Holder may make a mark-to-market election with respect to such shares for such taxable year. If the U.S. Holder makes a valid mark-to-market election for the first taxable year of the U.S. Holder in which the U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) Common Shares in us and for which we are determined to be a PFIC, such U.S. Holder generally will not be subject to the PFIC rules described above in respect to its Common Shares. Instead, in general, the U.S. Holder will include as ordinary income in each taxable year the excess, if any, of the fair market value of Common Shares at the end of its taxable year over its adjusted basis in its Common Shares. These amounts of ordinary income would not be eligible for the favorable tax rates applicable to qualified dividend income or long-term capital gains. The U.S. Holder also generally will recognize an ordinary loss in respect of the excess, if any, of its adjusted basis in its Common Shares over the fair market value of its Common Shares at the end of its taxable year (but only to the extent of the net amount of previously included income as a result of the mark-tomarket election). The U.S. Holder's basis in its Common Shares will be adjusted to reflect any such income or loss amounts, and any further gain recognized on a sale or other taxable disposition of its Common Shares will be treated as ordinary income.

The mark-to-market election is available only for stock that is regularly traded on a national securities exchange that is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission or on a foreign exchange or market that the IRS determines has rules sufficient to ensure that the market price represents a legitimate and sound fair market value. If made, a mark-to-market election would be effective for the taxable year for which the election was made and for all subsequent taxable years unless the Common Shares ceased to qualify as 'marketable stock' for purposes of the PFIC rules or the IRS consented to the revocation of the election. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the availability and tax consequences of a mark-to-market election in respect to our Common Shares under their particular circumstances.

If we are or become a PFIC and, at any time, have a non-U.S. subsidiary that is classified as a PFIC, U.S. Holders generally would be deemed to own a portion  of  the  shares  of  such  lower-tier  PFIC,  and  generally  could  incur  liability  for  the  deferred  tax  and  interest  charge  described  above  if  we  receive  a distribution from, or dispose of all or part of our interest in, the lower-tier PFIC or the U.S. Holders otherwise were deemed to have disposed of an interest in the lower-tier PFIC. There can be no assurance that we will have timely knowledge of the status of any such lower-tier PFIC. In addition, we may not hold a controlling interest in any such lower-tier PFIC and thus there can be no assurance we will be able to cause the lower- tier PFIC to provide such required information. A mark-to-market election generally would not be available with respect to such lower-tier PFIC. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the tax issues raised by lower-tier PFICs.

A U.S. Holder that owns (or is deemed to own) shares in a PFIC during any taxable year of the U.S. Holder, may have to file an IRS Form 8621, or any successor form, (whether or not a QEF or mark-to- market election is made) and such other information as may be required by the U.S. Treasury Department. Failure to do so, if required, will extend the statute of limitations until such required information is furnished to the IRS (potentially including with respect to items that do not relate to a U.S. Holder's investment in Common Shares).

The rules dealing with PFICs and with the QEF and mark-to-market elections are very complex and are affected by various factors in addition to those described above. Accordingly, U.S. Holders of our Common Shares should consult their own tax advisors concerning the application of the PFIC rules to our Common Shares under their particular circumstances.

## Information Reporting and Backup Withholding

Payments of dividends or sales proceeds that are made within the United States or through certain U.S.- related financial intermediaries may be subject to information reporting and backup withholding, unless (i) the U.S. Holder is a corporation or other exempt recipient, or (ii) in the case of backup withholding, the U.S. Holder provides a correct U.S. taxpayer identification number and certifies that it is not subject to backup withholding.

Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld under the U.S. backup withholding rules will be allowed as a credit against a U.S. Holder's U.S. federal income tax liability, if any, or will be refunded, if such U.S. Holder furnishes required information to the IRS in a timely manner. Each U.S. Holder should consult its own tax advisor regarding the information reporting and backup withholding rules in their particular circumstances and the availability of and procedures for obtaining an exemption from backup withholding.

## Reporting Obligations for Certain Owners of Foreign Financial Assets

Certain U.S. Holders may be required to file an IRS Form 926 (Return by a U.S. Transferor of Property to a Foreign Corporation) to report a transfer of property (including cash) to us. Substantial penalties may be imposed on a U.S. Holder that fails to comply with this reporting requirement, and the period of limitations on assessment and collection of United States federal income taxes will be extended in the event of a failure to comply. Furthermore, certain U.S. Holders who are individuals and certain entities will be required to report information with respect to such U.S. Holder's investment in 'specified foreign financial assets' on IRS Form 8938 (Statement of Specified Foreign Financial Assets), subject to certain exceptions. Specified foreign financial assets generally include any financial account maintained with a non-U.S. financial institution and should also include the Common Shares if they are not held in an account maintained with a U.S. financial institution. Persons who are required to report specified foreign financial assets and fail to do so may be subject to substantial penalties, and the period of limitations on assessment and collection of United States federal income taxes may be extended in the event of a failure to comply. Potential  investors  are  urged  to  consult  their  tax  advisors  regarding  the  foreign  financial  asset  and  other  reporting  obligations  and  their  application  to  an investment in our Common Shares.

The discussion of reporting obligations set forth above is not intended to constitute an exhaustive description of all reporting obligations that may apply to a U.S. Holder. A failure to satisfy certain reporting obligations may result in an extension of the period during which the IRS can assess a tax, and under certain circumstances, such an extension may apply to assessments of amounts unrelated to any unsatisfied reporting obligation. Penalties for failure to comply with these reporting obligations are substantial. U.S. Holders should consult with their own tax advisors regarding their reporting obligations under these rules, including the requirement to file an IRS Form 8938.

## Non-U.S. Holders

This section applies to you if you are a 'Non-U.S. Holder.' As used herein, the term 'Non-U.S. Holder' means a beneficial owner of our Common Shares that is for United States federal income tax purposes that is not a U.S. Holder, as defined above.

## Taxation of Distributions to Non-U.S. Holders

A Non-U.S. Holder of our Common Shares will generally not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax on dividends received on our Common Shares unless such income is effectively connected with the conduct by the holder of a U.S. trade or business.

Any distribution not constituting a dividend will be treated as first reducing the adjusted basis in the Non-U.S. Holder's shares of our Common Shares and, to the extent it exceeds the adjusted basis in the Non-U.S. Holder's shares of our Common Shares, as gain from the sale or exchange of such shares. Any such gain will be subject to the treatment described below under '- Gain on Sale or Other Disposition of our Common Shares to Non-U.S. Holders'.

## Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Common Shares to Non-U.S. Holders

A Non-U.S. Holder of our Common Shares will not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax on gain realized on the sale or other taxable disposition of our Common Shares of Common Shares, unless: such gain is effectively connected with the conduct by the holder of a U.S. trade or business; or in the case of gain realized by an individual holder, the holder is present in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of the sale and certain other conditions are met.

## F. Dividends and Paying Agents

Not applicable.

## G. Statement by Experts

Not applicable.

## H. Documents on Display

We are subject to the reporting requirements of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, as applicable to 'foreign private issuers' as defined in Rule 3b-4 under the Exchange Act. As a foreign private issuer, we are exempt from certain provisions of the Exchange Act. Accordingly, our proxy solicitations are not subject to the disclosure and procedural requirements of regulation 14A under the Exchange Act, transactions in our equity securities by our officers and directors are exempt from reporting and the 'short-swing' profit recovery provisions contained in Section 16 of the Exchange Act. In addition, we are not required under the Exchange Act to file periodic reports and financial statements as frequently or as promptly as U.S. companies whose securities are registered under the Exchange Act. However, we file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission an Annual Report on Form  20-F  containing  financial  statements  that  have  been  examined  and  reported  on,  with  and  opinion  expressed  by  an  independent  registered  public accounting firm, and we submit reports to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 6-K containing (among other things) press releases and unaudited financial information for the first six months of each fiscal year. We post our Annual Report on Form 20-F on our website promptly following the filing of our Annual Report with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report.

This document and the exhibits thereto and any other document we file pursuant to the Exchange Act may be inspected without charge and copied at prescribed rates at the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission public reference room at 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington D.C. 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the Securities and Exchange Commission's public reference room in Washington, D.C. by calling the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330.

The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding registrants that make electronic filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission using its EDGAR (Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval) system.

The documents concerning our company which are referred to in this document may also be inspected at our office located at 1a, 1b Learoyd Road, New Romney TN28 8XU, United Kingdom.

## I. Subsidiary information

We currently have the following significant subsidiaries:

- Canmart Limited
- Cannahealth Limited
- Holigen Holdings Limited
- Bophelo Holdings Limited
- Bophelo Bio Science and Wellness (Pty) Limited*
- 1371011 BC Limited
* Bophelo Bio Science and Wellness (Pty) Ltd.is in the process of being liquidated.

## J. Annual report to security holders

Not Applicable.

## ITEM 11. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

The Company's activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange and interest rate risks), credit risk and liquidity risk. Risk management is the responsibility of the Company, which identifies, evaluates and, where appropriate, mitigates financial risks.

## Foreign exchange risk

Foreign exchange risk: is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows for financial instruments will fluctuate because of changes in foreign exchange rates. The Company has not entered into any foreign exchange hedging contracts. The Company is exposed to currency risk from the British Pound (' GBP '), the European Union Euro (' EUR ') and Canadian dollar (' CAD ') through the following foreign currency denominated financial assets and liabilities:

| As at (expressed in GBP)  December 31,  2023  December 31,  2022  Financial assets  Cash and cash held in trust  £  20,087    £  75,315  Trade and other receivables  104,753  149,223  Loan receivable  466,000  400,000  £  590,840    £  624,538  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  £  998,092    £  923,725  Loans and borrowings  36,771  25,000  £  1,034,863    £  948,725   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

December 31,

December 31,

2023

€

€

€

€

2022

46,202    €

136,963

183,165    €

2,171,878    €

3,225,389

5,397,267    €

42,664

986,320

1,028,984

3,201,180

3,307,633

6,508,813

As at (expressed in EUR)

Financial assets

Cash

Trade and other receivables

Financial liabilities

Trade and other payables

Loans and borrowings

| As at (expressed in CAD)  December 31,  2023  December 31,  2022  Financial assets  Cash  $  22,949    $  140,423  Marketable securities  -  357,143  $  22,949    $  497,566  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  $  3,356,916    $  3,629,380  Due to related party  2,744,510  810,206  Holdback payable  511,238  511,238  Lease liabilities  179,412  448,064  Loans and borrowings  340,469  -  $  7,132,545    $  5,398,888   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Based on the above net exposures as at December 31, 2023, assuming that all other variables remain constant, a 5% appreciation or deterioration of the USD  against the GBP  would result in a corresponding increase or decrease, respectively on the Company's net income of approximately $17,000 (2022 - $13,000), EUR - $236,000 (2022 - $256,000) and CAD - $268,000 (2022 - $181,000).

## Credit risk

Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a partner or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual obligation and arises principally from the Company's cash and accounts receivable. The carrying amounts of the financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure. The Company limits its exposure to credit risk on cash by placing these financial instruments with high-credit quality financial institutions.

At December 31, 2023, the Company was subject to a concentration of credit risk related to its accounts receivable as 81% (2022 - 85% from one customer) of the balance of amounts owing is from one customer. As at December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a bad debt expense of $332,715, within general and administrative expenses, as the amounts were deemed not collectible from the customer. The Company did not record any bad debt expense during the year ended December 31, 2023. As at December 31, 2023 and 2022, the expected credit lifetime credit losses for accounts receivable aged as current were nominal amounts. The Company considers a financial asset in default when internal or external information indicates that the Company is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full. A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.

## Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they come due. The Company manages its liquidity risk by continuously monitoring forecasted and actual cash flows, as well as anticipated investing and financing activities and to ensure that it will have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities and commitments when due and to fund future operations. The Company's trade and other payables are due within the current operating year.

## ITEM 12. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OTHER THAN EQUITY SECURITIES

## A. Debt Securities

Not applicable.

## B. Warrants and Rights

Not applicable.

## C. Other Securities

Not applicable.

## D. American Depositary Shares

Not applicable.

## PART II

## ITEM 13. DEFAULTS, DIVIDEND ARREARAGES AND DELINQUENCIES

Not applicable.

## ITEM 14. MATERIAL MODIFICATIONS TO THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS AND USE OF PROCEEDS

Not applicable.

## ITEM 15. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

## Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our management, with the participation of our Chief Financial Officer, has performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2023, as required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based on that evaluation, our management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2023, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective, because of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, as discussed below.

## Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the  effectiveness  of  our  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  as  of  December  31,  2023,  based  on  the  criteria  set  forth  in Internal  Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO 2013). Based on our evaluation under the criteria set forth  in Internal  Control  -  Integrated  Framework ,  our  management  concluded  that  our  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  was  not  effective  as  of December 31, 2023 due to the material weakness described below.

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.

Management did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting over the accounting for impairment of long-lived assets. Specifically, the internal  controls  with  respect  to  the  assessment  of  impairment  indicators  were  not  designed  to  effectively  account  for  the  impairment  in  our  property  and equipment and intangible assets. Additionally, the internal controls over identifying and disclosing related party transactions were determined to be ineffective. The Company will implement immediately an appropriate remedial measure whereby an additional review related to the identification of impairment triggering events will be put in place. Additionally, management will implement further controls to ensure proper disclosure and accounting for related party transactions. We will  continue  to  monitor  and  evaluate  the  effectiveness  of  our  internal  controls  and  procedures  over  financial  reporting  on  an  ongoing  basis  and  are committed to taking further action and implementing additional improvements as necessary.

This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company's registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by the Company's registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management's report in this Annual Report.

## Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls

In  designing  and  evaluating  our  disclosure  controls  and  procedures,  management  recognizes  that  any  controls  and  procedures,  no  matter  how  well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs.

## Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

In  January  2023,  the  Company  terminated  the  employment  of  Trevor  Scott  and  have  stepped  down  as  Chief  Financial  Officer  of  the  Company immediately. On March 7, 2023, the Company appointed Shailesh Bhushan as Chief Financial Officer of the Company. On December 4, 2023, Mr. Bhushan resigned from his position as Chief Financial Officer of the Company and the Company appointed Gurcharn Deol as Chief Financial Officer of the Company to replace Mr. Bhushan.

## ITEM 16. RESERVED

Not applicable.

## ITEM 16A. AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT

David  Jenkins  is  a  member  of  our  board  of  directors  and  serves  on  our  audit  committee.  Our  board  has  determined  that  David  Jenkins  is  an  audit committee financial expert and satisfies the 'independence' requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules.

## ITEM 16B. CODE OF ETHICS

We have adopted a code of conduct that applies to our directors, chief executive officer and all senior financial officers of our company, including the chief financial officer, chief accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. The code of conduct is publicly available on our website at www.akandacorp.com/investors .

Written copies are available upon request. If we make any substantive amendment to the code of conduct or grant any waivers, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the code of conduct, we will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on our website.

## ITEM 16C. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

We engaged Green Growth CPAs as our independent registered public accounting firm. Set forth below is a summary of the fees paid to Green Growth CPAs for services provided in fiscal year 2023 and 2022.

## Accountant Fees and Services

| Period  2023  2022  Audit Fees  $  107,450.00    $  140,968.00  Audit Related Fees (F1 and S3 review)  20,000.00  15,000.00  Tax Fees  -  -  All Other Fees  -  -  $  127,450.00    $  155,968.00   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Audit Fees . Audit fees consists of services rendered by an independent registered public accounting firm for the audit of our consolidated financial statements and our internal control over financial reporting, review of the interim financial statements.

Audit-Related Fees . Audit-related fees relate to assurance and associated services that traditionally are performed by the independent auditor including SEC filings, comfort letter, consents and comment letters in connection with regulatory filings.

Tax Fees . Tax fees consist of services rendered by an external auditor for tax compliance, tax consulting and tax planning.

All Other Fees . All other fees are for any other permissible work that is not an Audit, Audit-Related or Tax Fee.

## Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures

Our Audit Committee has adopted policies and procedures for the pre-approval of audit and non-audit services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm. Pre-approval of an audit or non-audit service may be given as a general pre-approval, as part of the audit committee's approval of the scope  of  the  engagement  of  our  independent  registered  public  accounting  firm,  or  on  an  individual  basis. Any  proposed  services  exceeding  general  preapproved levels also requires specific pre-approval by our audit committee. The policy prohibits retention of the independent registered public accounting firm to perform the prohibited non-audit functions defined in Section 201 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and also requires the audit committee to consider whether proposed services are compatible with the independence of the registered public accounting firm.

## ITEM 16D. EXEMPTIONS FROM THE LISTING STANDARDS FOR AUDIT COMMITTEES

Not applicable.

## ITEM 16E. PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS

Not applicable.

## ITEM 16F. CHANGE IN REGISTRANT'S CERTIFYING ACCOUNTANT

The Company dismissed BF Borgers CPA PC, its independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2021, effective February 20, 2023 and appointed Green Growth CPAs as successor auditor of the Company effective March 21, 2023 to complete the Company's audit for fiscal 2022.

The Company's change of auditor is described on its Current Report on Form 6-K filed with the SEC on March 21, 2023, which is incorporated herein by reference.

## ITEM 16G. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Under NASDAQ Stock Market Rule 5615(a)(3), foreign private issuers, such as our company, are permitted to follow certain home country corporate governance practices instead of certain provisions of the NASDAQ Stock Market Rules. A foreign private issuer that elects to follow a home country practice instead of any such NASDAQ rules must submit to NASDAQ, in advance, a written statement from an independent counsel in such issuer's home country certifying that the issuer's practices are not prohibited by the home country's laws. We submitted such a written statement to NASDAQ. See 'Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees-C. Board Practices-Corporate Governance Requirements - Nasdaq Global Market Marketplace Rules' for a summary of such differences.

## ITEM 16H. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE

Not applicable.

## ITEM 16I. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS

Not applicable.

## ITEM 16J. INSIDER TRADING POLICIES

We have an Insider Trading Policy pursuant to SEC Rule 10b-5. See Exhibit 11.4 of this annual report on Form 20-F.

## ITEM 16K. CYBERSECURITY

We use SaaS based information technology (IT) systems/services which are provided by reputable vendors, our IT environment is audited by third party IT auditors for IT risk management regularly. The Company takes care of access management and related threats. Logs, threats, and alerts are monitored and dealt with by the Company on a regular basis. All system/services being used (Microsoft (email/SharePoint/teams) are all cloud-based provided by reputable cloud vendors and their IT environments are audited by third party auditors for IT risk management. Information is analyzed on potential threats to the organization, identifying what threats each of our IT assets may face and from where those may originate. All server level threats are taken care of by systems providers under SaaS model. There were no cyber-attacks, virus infection or security breach during the prior fiscal year. The Company is not aware of or been informed of instances of noncompliance with any regulatory requirements associated with IT. The information system has not experienced a significant loss of data that could not be restored from backup systems.

## ITEM 17. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

We have elected to furnish financial statements and related information specified in Item 18.

## ITEM 18. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The following financial statements are filed as part of this annual report on Form 20-F.

## PART III

## Index to Financial Statements

## Akanda Corp.

| Page  Independent Auditor's Report  F-2  Audited consolidated Financial Statements:  Consolidated Statement of Financial Position as at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022  F-3  Consolidated Statement of Operations for the years ended December 31,2023 and December 31, 2022  F-4  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders' Equity (Deficit) as at December 31,2023 and December 31, 2022  F-5  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022  F-6  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  F-7   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

<!-- image -->

To the shareholders and the board of directors of Akanda Corp.

## Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statement of financial position of Akanda Corp. (the 'Company'), as of December 31, 3023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive loss, changes in shareholders' equity (deficit) and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the 'financial statements'). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with the International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

## Consideration of the Company's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company's significant operating losses raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

## Basis for Opinion

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated  financial  statements  based  on  our  audits.  We  are  a  public  accounting  firm  registered  with  the  Public  Company Accounting  Oversight  Board (United  States)  ('PCAOB')  and  are  required  to  be  independent  with  respect  to  the  Company  in  accordance  with  the  U.S.  federal  securities  laws  and  the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  but  not  for  the  purpose  of  expressing  an  opinion  on  the  effectiveness  of  the  Company's  internal  control  over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2022

April 30, 2024

Los Angeles, California

PCAOB ID Number 6580

## Akanda Corp. Consolidated Statements of Financial Position (Expressed in United States Dollars)

| As at  December 31,  December 31,  Note  2023  2022  ASSETS  Current  Cash  $  82,816    $  228,794  Cash held in trust  11,059  27,009  Trade and other receivables  6  284,513  1,235,619  Prepayments  140,583  199,488  Biological assets  7  -  809,180  Inventory  7  1,286,894  1,057,240  Marketable securities  8  -  263,691  Total Current Assets  1,805,865  3,821,021  Non-Current  Property, plant and equipment  9  2,519,232  12,159,504  Intangible assets  11  3,799,682  22,208,594  Loan receivable  12  593,232  483,588  Right-of-use assets  10  121,982  324,070  Total Non-Current Assets  7,034,128  35,175,756  Total Assets  $  8,839,993    $  38,996,777  LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)  Current  Trade and other payables  $  6,014,572    $  7,139,817  Lease liability  13  135,337  214,058  Loans and borrowings  14  1,366,299  936,793  Holdback payable  4  400,000  377,465  Due to related parties  16  2,255,522  679,617  Total Current Liabilities  10,171,730  9,347,750  Non-Current  Lease liability  13  -  116,763  Loans and borrowings  14  2,497,155  2,632,103  Total Non-Current Liabilities  2,497,155  2,748,866  Total Liabilities  12,668,885  12,096,616  Shareholders' Equity (Deficit)  Share capital  15  51,020,121  49,434,692  Other reserves  15  21,053  21,053  Accumulated deficit  (53,363,032)  (21,087,962)  Accumulated other comprehensive loss  (1,507,034)  (1,467,622)  Total Shareholders' Equity (Deficit)  (3,828,892)  26,900,161  Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity (Deficit)  $  8,839,993    $  38,996,777   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Subsequent Events (Note 23)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## Akanda Corp. Consolidated Statements of Loss and Comprehensive Loss (Expressed in United States Dollars)

| Year ended  December 31,  Note  2023  2022  Sales  $  2,160,052    $  2,619,682  Cost of sales  7  1,908,515  566,252  Gross Profit before gain (loss) on change in fair value of biological assets and inventory  251,537  2,053,430  Gain (Loss) on change in fair value of biological assets and inventory  7  (140,088)  1,216,129  Gross Profit  111,449  3,269,559  Operating expenses  Depreciation and amortization  9,10,11  4,283,731  3,598,323  Consulting and professional fees  2,978,321  7,759,824  Personnel expenses  16  2,395,583  6,593,527  Share-based payment expenses to social development trust  15  -  2,124,615  General and administrative expenses  505,187  3,369,659  Total operating expenses  10,162,822  23,445,948  Operating loss  (10,051,373)  (20,176,389)  Other income (expenses):  Finance income  39  886  Finance expense  (255,656)  (115,324)  Foreign exchange gain (loss), net  148,823  (256,431)  Gain on bargain purchase  4  -  12,760,356  Gain on debt settlement  113,037  67,075  Other income  7,055  659  Change in fair value of financial assets measured at FVTPL  8  (264,655)  (516,281)  Loss on disposal of assets  9  (4,495)  -  Write-off of AP, net  2,697,719  -  Impairment loss  9,11  (24,665,564)  -  (22,223,697)  11,940,940  Net loss from continuing operations  (32,275,070)  (8,235,449)  Loss from discontinued operations  5  -  (3,422,225)  Net loss  $  (32,275,070)   $  (11,657,674)  Translation adjustment  (39,412)  (1,395,508)  Comprehensive loss  $  (32,314,482)   $  (13,053,182)  Loss per share from continuing operations - basic and diluted  15  $  (7.16)   $  (2.75)  Loss per share - basic and diluted  15  $  (7.16)   $  (3.86)  Weighted average common shares outstanding  15  4,505,263  2,993,009   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## Akanda Corp. Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity (Deficit) (Expressed in United States Dollars)

| Note  Share  capital  Other reserves  Accumulated  deficit  Accumulated  other  comprehensive  loss  Total  Balance, December 31, 2021  $  7,255,695    $  3,618,670    $  (13,293,889)   $  218,102    $  (2,201,422)  Issuance of shares for Holigen Acquisition  4,15  16,131,000  -  -  -  16,131,000  Issuance of shares to ASDT  15  2,124,615  -  -  -  2,124,615  Issuance of shares from private placement  15  278,481  -  -  -  278,481  Issuance of shares from IPO  15  14,654,593  -  -  -  14,654,593  Issuance of shares upon conversion of note  15,16  6,559,000  -  -  -  6,559,000  Fair value of RSUs issued at $9.70 per share  15  1,090,832  -  -  -  1,090,832  Fair value of RSUs issued at $8.30 per share  15  560,135  -  -  -  560,135  Fair value of RSUs issued at $7.10 per share  15  431,757  -  -  -  431,757  Fair value of RSUs issued at $2.60 per share  15  210,740  -  -  -  210,740  Fair value of RSUs issued at $2.30 per share  15  138,000  -  -  -  138,000  Loss of control of Bophelo Bio  5  (156)  (3,597,617)  3,863,601  (290,216)  (24,388)  Net loss  -  -  (11,657,674)  -  (11,657,674)  Translation adjustment  -  -  -  (1,395,508)  (1,395,508)  Balance, December 31, 2022  49,434,692  21,053  (21,087,962)  (1,467,622)  26,900,161  Fair value of RSUs issued at $1.84 per share  15  774,736  -  -  -  774,736  Fair value of RSUs issued at $1.11 per share  15  179,037  -  -  -  179,037  Fair value of RSUs issued at $0.61 per share  15  86,137  -  -  -  86,137  Cancelled shares  15  (200,014)  -  -  -  (200,014)  Issuance of shares upon conversion of note  15  314,384  -  -  -  314,384  Issuance of shares pursuant to the first  option payment to acquire a certain land  property  15  431,149  -  -  -  431,149  Net loss  -  -  (32,275,070)  -  (32,275,070)  Translation adjustment  -  -  -  (39,412)  (39,412)  Balance, December 31, 2023  $  51,020,121    $  21,053    $  (53,363,032)   $  (1,507,034)   $  (3,828,892)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## Akanda Corp. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Expressed in United States Dollars)

| Years ended December 31,  Note  2023  2022  Cash flows from operating activities:  Net loss from continuing operations  $  (32,275,070)   $  (8,235,449)  Net loss from discontinued operations  -  (3,422,225)  Net loss for the year  (32,275,070)  (11,657,674)  Adjustments for non-cash items:  Loss on loss of control of Bophelo Bio, net of cash surrendered  5  -  2,375,840  Gain on bargain purchase  4  -  (12,760,356)  Share based payments to social development trust  15  -  2,124,615  Depreciation and amortization  9,10,11  4,283,731  3,763,321  Change in fair value of biological assets  7  140,088  (1,216,130)  Change in fair value of financial asset at fair value through profit or loss  8  264,655  516,281  Stock-based compensation  15  -  559,225  Interest expenses  237,319  210,996  Fair value of RSUs exercised, net of cancelled shares  15  839,896  2,498,754  Gain on settlement on debt  (113,037)  (67,075)  Loss on disposal of asset  9  4,495  -  Write-off of AP, net  (2,697,719)  -  Impairment loss  9,11  24,665,564  -  Working capital adjustments (net of amounts acquired/disposed):  Trade and other receivables  973,382  (591,072)  Prepayments  64,635  (709,124)  Inventory  482,716  501,706  Trade and other payables  1,537,397  2,915,276  Due to related parties  91,374  66,021  Cash flows used in operating activities  (1,500,574)  (11,469,396)  Cash flows from investing activities:  Acquisition of Holigen, net of cash acquired and holdback  4  -  (2,366,609)  Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  8  -  (801,160)  Additions to property, plant and equipment  9  (1,502)  (310,946)  Cash surrendered on loss of control of Bophelo Bio Sciences  5  -  (739,947)  Loan receivable  12  (84,020)  -  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment  110,410  -  Cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities  24,888  (4,218,662)  Cash flows from financing activities:  Proceeds from IPO, net of costs  -  14,654,593  Proceeds from private placement, net of costs  -  278,482  Advances from related parties  1,570,145  -  Loans received  742,591  501,217  Loans repaid  (766,169)  (649,661)  Lease payments  (60,000)  (645,995)  Cash flows provided by financing activities  1,486,567  14,138,636  Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents  10,881  (1,549,422)  Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents  (172,809)  (1,690,165)  Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year  255,803  3,495,390  Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year  $  93,875    $  255,803   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## 1. Nature of Operations and Going Concern

Akanda Corp. (the 'Company') is domiciled in Canada and was incorporated on July 16, 2021. The Company's registered office is 77 King Street West, Suite 400, Toronto-Dominion Centre, Toronto Canada, Ontario, M5K 0A1.

Prior to the liquidation event on July 15, 2022 described below, the Company, through its indirectly held subsidiary, Bophelo Bio Science and Wellness (Pty) Ltd. is in the business of cultivating and manufacturing cannabis biomass and medical cannabis products in Lesotho (specifically near Ts'akholo, in the Mafeteng district of the Kingdom of Lesotho, Southern Africa), for export to international markets. At December 31, 2022, the Company determined that it no longer controlled Bophelo Bio Science and Wellness (Pty) Ltd. as a result of the insolvent liquidation order signed by the Lesotho Court on July 15, 2022 (note 5). As a result of the loss of control, the Company derecognized all assets and liabilities at their book values on December 31, 2022 and wrote down all balances receivable from the entity to $nil. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a loss on loss of control of Bophelo Bio Science and Wellness (Pty) Ltd. of $2,085,624, which included $739,947 of cash held by Bophelo Bio Science and Wellness (Pty) Ltd. The Company accounted for the operating results  of  Bophelo  Bio  Science  and Wellness  (Pty)  Ltd.  which  was  a  net  loss  of  $1,336,601  as  a  discontinued operation  during  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022  and  has  reclassified  the  operating  results  of  Bophelo  Bio  Science  and  Wellness  (Pty)  Ltd.  as  a discontinued  operation  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021. At  the  date  of  these  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  liquidation  of  Bophelo  Bio Science and Wellness (Pty) Ltd. is still ongoing. The Company is also in the business of sales and distribution of cannabis-based products for medical use, through its subsidiary Canmart Ltd. ('Canmart') which is based in the UK.

The  Company  was  incorporated  for  the  designed  purpose  of  becoming  the  ultimate  parent  company  of  Cannahealth  Ltd.  ('Cannahealth'),  through  a reorganization of entities with common control. The share purchase agreement became unconditional on or about November 3, 2021 and the Company acquired the shares in the aforementioned entities from Halo Collective Inc. ('Halo').

On  April  29,  2022,  the  Company,  through  its  wholly  owned  subsidiary,  Cannahealth,  acquired  100%  of  the  Ordinary  Shares  of  Holigen  Limited ('Holigen') and its wholly-owned subsidiary, RPK Biopharma Unipessoal, LDA ('RPK') from the Flowr Corporation (note 4).

The Company's consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis which assumes that the Company will be able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business for the foreseeable future. The Company incurred a net cash outflow of $1,500,574 from operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had working capital deficit of $8,365,865 and has accumulated losses of $53,363,032. The continuing operations of the Company are dependent upon its ability to raise further cash funding by way of issuing debt and/or equity, as well as its ability to generate cash profits from its investments in Canmart and Holigen Ltd. in the near future.

The Company is an early-stage company and is primarily dependent on externally provided financing to continue as a going concern. Additional funds will be  required  to  enable  the  Company  to  pursue  such  an  initiative  and  the  Company  may  be  unable  to  obtain  such  financing  on  satisfactory  terms. Furthermore, there is no assurance that the Company will be profitable. Management intends to finance operating costs over the next twelve months with its cash on hand, and/or additional cash that will be generated from operations. The Company does not at this stage have any firm plans or commitments regarding further financing.

These uncertainties may cast significant doubt upon the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of assets and liabilities which might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue in existence.

## 2. Basis of Preparation

## (a) Statement of compliance

These consolidated financial statements, including comparatives, have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ('IFRS') as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ('IASB') and interpretations issued by the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee ('IFRIC').

## (b) Basis of preparation

These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on an accrual basis, except for cash flow information, and are based on the historical cost, modified where applicable and related to the valuation of certain financial assets and financial liabilities to fair value.

Cannahealth and its subsidiaries, Bophelo Holdings Ltd, Bophelo Bio Science and Wellness (Pty) Ltd, and Canmart were under the common control of Halo  until  the  acquisition  by  the  Company  had  occurred. As  of  November  2021,  shareholdings  in  each  of  the  three  separate  entities  were  made consistent through the issuance of shares or the repurchase of shares for cash to the relevant shareholders (the 'Reorganization Transactions'). As of November 2021, shareholdings in each of the four entities were identical. When the Company was formed in July 2021 with a view to ultimately acquiring  Cannahealth  and  its  subsidiaries,  its  majority  shareholders  were  also  consistent  with  each  of  the  three  existing  entities.  Therefore, immediately prior to the acquisition, the majority shareholder ownership of the Company and Cannahealth were demonstrated common control, and immediately after the acquisition, the shareholdings held in the Company by each individual shareholder were also identical.

The Company performed an assessment and determined Bophelo Bio Science and Wellness (Pty) Ltd to be the predecessor entity to the Company, and that the corporate restructuring in which Akanda became the parent company did not have economic substance. As such, in preparing the Company's consolidated financial statements, the Company accounted for the acquisition in as a transaction between entities under common control combining the Company and Cannahealth from the earliest reporting date using the 'pooling of interests method' of accounting, where assets for the Companies that came under common control were transferred into the consolidated group at the book value on the date in which common control was achieved.

In the acquisition described above, shares were issued to existing shareholders for no consideration. Therefore, the number of shares outstanding was increased without an increase in resources. The number of shares outstanding before the exchange have been adjusted for the change in shares as if the issuance had occurred at the beginning of the earliest period presented. All share and per share information presented herein has been retrospectively adjusted to give effect to the culmination of the reorganization and the issuance of shares on incorporation of Akanda on January 1, 2019.

## (c) Functional and presentation currency

The Company and its subsidiaries are measured using the currency of the primary economic environment in which each subsidiary operates - the functional  currency.  The  Euro  is  the  functional  currency  of  RPK,  Holigen  and  Cannahealth,  Great  British  Pounds  is  the  functional  currency  of Canmart and Canadian Dollars is the functional currency of 1371011 and Akanda while the United States Dollars is its reporting currency.

These  consolidated  financial  statements  are  prepared  and  presented  in  United  States  Dollars  ('USD'  or  '$'),  which  is  the  Company's  reporting currency. All financial information has been rounded to the nearest dollar except where indicated otherwise.

## 2. Basis of Preparation (continued)

## (d) Use of estimates and judgments

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires management to make estimates, judgements and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses during the year. Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimates are revised and in any future periods affected. Areas in which management has made critical judgments in the process of applying accounting policies and that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements include the determination of the Company's and its subsidiaries' functional currencies. Information about key assumptions and estimation uncertainties that have a significant risk of resulting in a material  adjustment  to  the  carrying  amount  of  assets  and  liabilities  within  the  next  financial  year  are  included  in  the  following  notes  to  the consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022:

- Note 3(d): Estimates of variable consideration receivable from revenue from contracts with customers
- Note 3(f): Estimates of the net realizable value of the Company's inventories
- Note 3(g): Estimates of the fair value of the Company's biological assets
- Note 3(h): Measurement and useful lives of the Company's property, plant and equipment
- Note 3(i): Measurement and useful lives of the Company's intangible assets
- Note 3(k): Estimates and assessment of the income tax assets/liabilities
- Note 3(l): Estimates of the Company's incremental borrowing rate used in the valuation of its leases

## 3. Material Accounting Policies

## (a) Basis of consolidation

These consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. Subsidiaries are entities that are controlled by the Company. Control exists when the Company has power over the investee and the Company is exposed or has the rights to variable returns from the investee. Subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial results of the Company from the effective date of acquisition up to the effective date of disposition or loss of control. The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the parent company, using consistent accounting policies. All intercompany transactions and balances and unrealized gains and losses from intercompany transactions have been eliminated.

The subsidiaries of the Company are as follows:

| Country of  Incorporation  Holding  Functional  Currency  Cannahealth Ltd. ('Cannahealth')  Malta  100%  EUR  Bophelo Holdings Ltd. ('Bophelo H')  United Kingdom  100%  GBP  Bophelo Bio Science and Wellness (Pty) Ltd. ('Bophelo')  Lesotho  100%  LSL  Canmart Ltd. ('Canmart')  United Kingdom  100%  GBP  Holigen Holdings Limited ('Holigen')  Portugal  100%  EUR  RPK Biopharma Unipessoal Lda. ('RPK')  Portugal  100%  EUR  1371011 BC Ltd. ('1371011')  Canada  100%  CAD   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3. Material Accounting Policies (continued)

## (b) Foreign currency

Items  included  in  the  financial  statements  of  each  of  the  Company's  consolidated  subsidiaries  are  measured  using  the  currency  of  the  primary economic environment in which each subsidiary operates (the functional currency). The consolidated financial statements are presented in USD. All assets and liabilities in each statement of financial position are translated at the closing rate at the date of that statement of financial position. All income and expenses are translated at exchange rates at the dates of the transactions.

Foreign currency transactions are translated into the respective functional currencies of the Company and its subsidiaries using the exchange rates prevailing  at  the  dates  of  the  transactions.  Foreign  exchange  gains  and  losses  resulting  from  the  settlement  of  such  transactions  and  from  the translation at period-end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognized in profit and loss. Nonmonetary items that are not carried at fair value are translated using the exchange rates as at the date of the initial transaction. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value is determined.

The results and financial position of the Company's foreign subsidiaries that have a different functional currency from the Company's functional and presentation currency are translated into USD as follows:

- (i) Assets and liabilities of the foreign subsidiary are translated at the closing exchange rate on the date of the consolidated statement of financial position;
- (ii) Revenue and expenses of the foreign subsidiary are translated at the average closing exchange rate for the period reported in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. When the average exchange rate does not provide a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction date, the Company utilizes the closing exchange rate on the date of the transaction;
- (iii) The exchange rate differences for foreign subsidiaries are recognized in other comprehensive income in the cumulative translation account

## (c) Financial instruments

## (i) Financial assets

The Company initially recognizes a financial asset on the trade date at which the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.

Upon recognition of a financial asset, classification is made based on the business model for managing the asset and the asset's contractual cash flow characteristics. The financial asset is initially recognized at its fair value and subsequently classified and measured as (i) amortized cost; (ii) fair value through other comprehensive income ('FVOCI'); or (iii) FVTPL. Financial assets are classified as FVTPL if they have not been classified as measured at amortized cost or FVOCI.

The Company derecognizes a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or it transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows on the financial asset in a transaction in which substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred. Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the consolidated statements of financial position when, and only when, the Company has a legal right to offset the amounts and intends either to settle on a net basis or to realize the asset and settle the liability  simultaneously. The  Company has classified all of its financial  assets  as  financial  assets  measured  at  amortized  cost  or  FVTPL. The Company has not classified any financial assets as FVTPL or FVOCI.

## 3. Material Accounting Policies (continued)

## (c) Financial instruments (continued)

## Financial assets measured at amortized cost

A  non-derivative  financial  asset  is  measured  at  amortized  cost  when  both  of  the  following  conditions  are  met:  (i)  the  asset  is  held  within  a business model whose objective is to hold assets in order to collect the contractual cash flows; and (ii) the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. Such assets are recognized initially at fair value plus any directly attributable transaction costs and measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method subsequent to initial recognition, loans and receivables are measured at amortized cost. Financial assets measured at amortized cost are comprised of cash and trade and other receivables.

## (ii) Financial liabilities

The Company recognizes a financial liability on the trade date in which it becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument at fair value plus any directly attributable costs. Financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortized cost or FVTPL and are not subsequently reclassified. The Company's financial liabilities are trade and other payables and loans and borrowings which are recognized on an amortized cost basis.

## Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost

All  financial  liabilities  are  recognized  initially  on  the  trade  date  at  which  the  Company  becomes  a  party  to  the  contractual  provisions  of  the instrument. Such financial liabilities are recognized initially at fair value plus any directly attributable transaction costs. All financial liabilities are measured at amortized cost, except for financial liabilities measured at FVTPL. A financial liability may no longer be reclassified subsequent to initial recognition. Subsequent to initial recognition, financial liabilities are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method.

The Company derecognizes a financial liability when its contractual obligations are discharged or cancelled, or when they expire. The Company has  the  following  non-derivative  financial  liabilities  which  are  classified  as  financial  liabilities  measured  at  amortized  cost:  trade  and  other payables and loans and borrowings.

## (d) Revenue from contracts with customers

Revenue is measured based on the consideration specified in a contract with a customer. The Company recognizes revenue when it transfers control over a good or service to a customer. The Company records revenue upon transfer of promised goods or services to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services based on the following five step approach:

- Step 1: Identify the contracts with customers;
- Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract;
- Step 3: Determine the transaction price;
- Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and
- Step 5: Recognize revenue as performance obligations are satisfied.

The Company typically satisfies its performance obligations at a point in time, upon completion of sale. The Company primarily acts as principal in contracts with its customers. The Company does not have material obligations for returns, refunds and other similar obligations, nor warranties and related obligations.

## 3. Material Accounting Policies (continued)

## (d) Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

Revenue is recognized at the amount of the transaction price that is allocated to the performance obligation. The transaction price is the amount of consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a customer.

The Company has a single revenue stream currently that relates to the sale of cannabis-based products for medicinal use. This revenue stream is assessed as one performance obligation. Revenue from cannabis based medicinal product sales is recognized once the performance obligation has been  satisfied,  which  would  be  upon  the  customer  taking  the  delivery  of  the  product.  The  transaction  price  for  each  product  and  service  will  be determined based on the respective invoice.

The Company exercises judgments in determining the amount of the costs incurred to obtain or fulfil a contract with a customer, which includes, but is not limited to (a) the likelihood of obtaining the contract, (b) the estimate of the profitability of the contract, and (c) the credit risk of the customer. An impairment  loss  will  be  recognized  in  profit  or  loss  to  the  extent  that  the  carrying  amount  of  the  asset  exceeds  (a)  the  remaining  amount  of consideration that the entity expects to receive in exchange for the goods or services to which the asset relates, less (b) the costs that relate directly to providing those goods or services and that have not been recognized as expenses.

## (e) Cash and cash equivalents

The Company considers all liquid investments purchased with a maturity of three months or less at acquisition to be cash and cash equivalents, which are carried and classified at amortized cost. The Company did not hold any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2023 and 2022.

## (f) Inventories

Inventories consist of raw materials and are measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. The cost of inventories is based on the first-in firstout principle, and includes expenditures incurred in acquiring the inventories and other costs incurred in bringing them to their existing location and condition. Inventories are written down to net realizable value when the cost of inventories is estimated to be unrecoverable due to obsolescence, damage, or declining selling prices. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs of completion and selling expenses. When the circumstances that previously caused inventories to be written down below cost no longer exist, or when there is clear evidence of an increase in selling prices, the amount of the write-down previously recorded is reversed.

## (g) Biological assets

Biological  assets  are  measured  at  their  fair  value  less  costs  to  sell  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position.  The  Company's  method  of accounting for biological assets attributes value accretion on a straight-line basis throughout the life of the biological asset from initial cloning to the point of harvest. All direct and indirect costs of biological assets are capitalized as they are incurred.

Biological assets and produce held by the Company is planned to be used in four possible ways:

- Sale to the export market;
- Sale to the local market;
- Repurposed for use in research and development; and
- Written off for being obsolete.

## 3. Material Accounting Policies (continued)

## (h) Property, plant and equipment

## (i) Recognition and measurement

Items of property and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses. When parts of an item of property and equipment have different estimated useful lives, they are accounted for as separate items within property and equipment. The costs of the ongoing regular servicing of property and equipment are recognized in tin the period in which they are incurred.

## (ii) Depreciation

Depreciation is recognized in profit or loss over the estimated useful lives of each part of an item of property and equipment in a manner that most closely reflects management's estimated future consumption of the future economic benefits embodied in the asset. The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:

| Plant and equipment  10 years  Leasehold improvements  20 years  Motor Vehicles  4 years  Computers  3 years  Furniture and fixtures  6 years   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (i) Intangible assets

Intangible assets are recorded at cost less amortization and impairment losses, if any. The Company had a cannabis operator's license in Lesotho, held by its subsidiary Bophelo, which was valid for 10 years and was subject to a renewal at the end of the 10 years. The license is automatically renewed annually on payment of necessary fees as well as submission of operational documents to the Ministry of Health. As a result of loss of control of Bophelo, the license was derecognized and recorded as a loss on the consolidated statement of loss and comprehensive loss. The Company also has a cannabis API manufacturing and GMP license in Portugal, held by its newly acquired subsidiary Holigen-RPK, which is valid for 10 years. Pursuant to the Company's upcoming sale of RPK (note 23), its Portuguese subsidiary, the Company impaired a portion of its intangible assets and recognized an impairment loss of $15,937,533 in the consolidated statements of loss and comprehensive loss during the year ended December 31, 2023.

Additionally, the Company has cannabis distribution licenses in the United Kingdom held by its subsidiary, Canmart which have been assessed as having  an  indefinite  useful  life. As  such,  these  licenses  are  not  amortized  but  their  recoverable  amounts  are  tested  annually  for  impairment.  The indefinite intangible assets are recorded at cost less impairment losses, if any. The Company capitalizes the initial license application cost as the cost of intangible assets while the annual license renewal fees are expensed in the year during which they occur.

## (j) Impairment of non-financial assets

The Company assesses at each reporting period whether there is an indication that a non-financial asset may be impaired. An impairment loss is recognized  when  the  carrying  amount  of  an  asset,  or  its  cash  generating  unit  ('CGU'),  exceeds  its  recoverable  amount. A  CGU  is  the  smallest identifiable group of assets that generates cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets. The recoverable amount is the greater of the assets or CGU's fair value less costs to sell and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset or CGU. In determining fair value less cost to sell, an appropriate valuation model is used. For an asset that does not generate largely independent cash inflows, the recoverable amount is determined for the CGU to which the asset belongs.

Impairment losses recognized in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indications that the loss has decreased or no longer exists. An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss is reversed only to  the  extent  that  the  asset's  carrying  amount  does  not  exceed  the  carrying  amount  that  would  have  been  determined,  net  of  amortization,  if  no impairment loss had been recognized.

## 3. Material Accounting Policies (continued)

## (k) Income taxes

Income tax expense comprises current and deferred taxes. Current taxes and deferred taxes are recognized in profit or loss except to the extent that it relates to a business combination, or items recognized directly in equity or in other comprehensive loss.

Current taxes are the expected tax receivable or payable on the taxable income or loss for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax receivable or payable in respect of previous years. Deferred taxes are recognized in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes.

Deferred taxes are not recognized for the following temporary differences: the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a business combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss, and differences relating to investments in subsidiaries and jointly controlled entities to the extent that it is probable that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

In  addition,  deferred  taxes  are  not  recognized  for  taxable  temporary  differences  arising  on  the  initial  recognition  of  goodwill.  Deferred  taxes  are measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to temporary differences when they reverse, based on the tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the reporting date. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets and liabilities, and they relate to income taxes levied by the same tax authority on the same taxable entity, or on different tax entities, but they intend to settle current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis or their tax assets and liabilities will be realized simultaneously.

A deferred tax asset is recognized for unused tax losses, tax credits and deductible temporary differences, to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they can be utilized. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realized.

## (l) Leases

At inception of a contract, the Company assesses whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the  right  to  control  the  use  of  an  identified  asset  for  a  period  of  time  in  exchange  for  consideration. The  Company  assesses  whether  the  contract involves the use of an identified asset, whether the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the asset during the term of the arrangement exists, and if the Company has the right to direct the use of the asset. At inception or on reassessment of a contract that contains a lease component, the Company allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of their relative standalone prices.

As a lessee, the Company recognizes a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the commencement date of a lease. The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost, which is comprised of the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, plus any decommissioning and restoration costs, less any lease incentives received.

The right-of-use asset is subsequently depreciated from the commencement date to the earlier of the end of the lease term, or the end of the useful life of the asset. In addition, the right-of-use asset may be reduced due to impairment losses, if any, and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability.

## 3. Material Accounting Policies (continued)

## (l) Leases (continued)

A lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date, discounted by the interest rate implicit in the lease, or if that rate cannot be readily determined, the incremental borrowing rate. Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability are comprised of:

- a) fixed payments, including in-substance fixed payments, less any lease incentives receivable;
- b) variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the commencement date;
- c) amounts expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee;
- d) exercise prices of purchase options if the Company is reasonably certain to exercise that option; and
- e) payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising an option to terminate the lease.

The lease liability is measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. It is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, or if there is a change in the estimate or assessment of the expected amount payable under a residual value guarantee, purchase, extension or termination option.

Variable lease payments not included in the initial measurement of the lease liability are charged directly to profit or loss.

## (m) Loss per share

The Company presents basic loss per share ('LPS') data for its ordinary shares. Basic LPS is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year, adjusted for the Company's own shares held. Diluted LPS is computed similar to basic LPS except that the weighted average shares outstanding are increased to include additional shares for the assumed exercise of any exercisable instruments, if dilutive. The number of additional shares is calculated by assuming that outstanding exercisable instruments were exercised and that the proceeds from such exercise were used to acquire common shares at the average market price during the reporting periods.

## (n) New standards issued and adopted

## Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2 - Disclosure of Accounting policies

The amendments require that an entity  discloses  its  material  accounting  policy  information,  instead  of  its  significant  accounting  policies.  Further amendments explain how an entity can identify a material accounting policy. Examples of when an accounting policy is likely to be material are added. To support the amendment, the IASB has also developed guidance and examples to explain and demonstrate the application of the 'four-step materiality process' described in IFRS Practice Statement 2. The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023. The adoption of this amendment did not have a significant impact to the Company's consolidated financial statements.

## 3. Material Accounting Policies (continued)

## (o) New standards issued, not yet adopted

In January 2020, the IAS issued an amendment to IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements that clarifies the criterion for classifying a liability as non-current relating to the right to defer settlement of a liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.

1. Liabilities are classified as non-current if the entity has a substantive right to defer settlement for at least 12 months at the end of the reporting period.  The  amendment  no  longer  refers  to  unconditional  rights.  The  assessment  determines  whether  a  right  exists,  but  it  does  not  consider whether the entity will exercise the right.
2. 'Settlement' is defined as the extinguishment of a liability with cash, other economic resources or an entity's own equity instruments. There is an exception for convertible instruments that might be converted into equity, but only for those instruments where the conversion option is classified as an equity instrument as a separate component of a compound financial instrument.

In October 2022, the IASB issued amendments to IAS 1 that specified how an entity assesses whether it has the right to defer settlement of a liability when that right is subject to compliance with covenants within twelve months after the reporting period. The amendment applies to annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024 and is applied retrospectively upon adoption. The Company does not expect the amendments to have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements upon adoption.

## 4. Business Combination

On  April  29,  2022,  the  Company,  through  its  wholly  owned  subsidiary,  Cannahealth,  acquired  100%  of  the  Ordinary  Shares  of  Holigen  Limited ('Holigen') and its wholly-owned operating subsidiary, RPK Biopharma Unipessoal, LDA ('RPK') from the Flowr Corporation. Through its operations in RPK, Holigen is a producer of premium EU GMP grade indoor grown cannabis flower. The acquisition of Holigen enables the Company to immediately have  the  ability  to  produce  EU  GMP  grade  cannabis  flower  for  the  European  market.  Consideration  for  the  acquisition  consisted  of  a  payment  of $3,000,000 in cash and 190,000 common shares of the Company's share capital.

RPK's operations consist of a 20,000 square foot indoor EU GMP certified grow facility located near Sintra, Lisbon, Portugal, dedicated to the cultivation of  high-THC  premium  cannabis  as  well  as  a  large  seven  million  square  foot  (180+  acre)  outdoor  facility  located  in Aljustrel,  Portugal.  Holigen  is  a Maltese-based  entity  and  provides  the  added  superior  genetics,  capacity,  and  route-to-market  in  the  EMEA  region,  of  which  the  Company  intends  to augment the Company's current operations.

The following table summarizes the acquisition-date fair value of each major class of purchase consideration that was transferred to the Flowr Corporation in lieu of the acquisition of 100% of the Ordinary Shares of Holigen:

| Cash  $  2,600,000  Holdback payable  400,000  Fair value of 190,000 common shares of the Company  16,131,000  Total consideration  $  19,131,000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The cash purchase price of the acquisition is $3.0 million, of which $2.6 million has been paid and $400,000 as holdback payable. The holdback payable represents funds withheld until resolution of a potential liability between the vendor and a service provider, of which the Company expects resolution within the next twelve (12) months. The fair value of the 190,000 common shares was based on the fair value of the trading price of the Company's common shares on the Nasdaq Capital Markets exchange of $84.90 per common share on April 29, 2022. Of the equity  component  of  the  purchase consideration of 190,000 common shares of the Company that was transferred to the Flowr Corporation, an amount of 9,635 common shares was directly transferred to Apolo Capital Advisory, who acted as advisors to the Flowr Corporation in respect of the transaction. The purchase of Holigen has been accounted for by the acquisition method, with the results of Holigen included in the Company's results of operation from the date of acquisition. The purchase of Holigen was determined as being a business combination in accordance with the requirements of IFRS 3 Business Combinations , due to the fact that the Company acquired control over Holigen on the acquisition date through the purchase of 100% of its voting securities and consequent transfer of the purchase consideration (set out in the table above) to the sellers of the Holigen, namely the Flowr Corporation.

The Company incurred acquisition-related costs of approximately $250,000 relating to external  legal  fees,  due  diligence  costs  and  valuation  services. These costs have been included in consulting and professional fees expenses in the consolidated statements of loss or comprehensive loss for the year ended December 31, 2022.

## 4. Business Combination (continued)

The following table summarizes the fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities as at the date of acquisition:

| Cash  $  233,407  Accounts receivable  605,579  Biological assets  200,457  Inventory  904,006  Prepayments  179,597  Intangible assets  24,665,772  Property, plant and equipment, net  12,936,374  Trade and other payables  (3,775,599)  Loans and borrowing  (4,058,030)  Net assets acquired  $  31,891,563   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a bargain purchase gain of $12,760,356 within other income, representing the fair value of net assets acquired of $31,891,563 in excess of the fair value of consideration of $19,131,000. The fair value of the net asset acquired was determined by an independent valuer using the discounted cash flow method of valuation.

From the date of acquisition, the operations of Holigen contributed a net loss of $966,426 primarily due to the fact that Holigen was substantially in a prerevenue stage. If the acquisition had taken place on January 1, 2022, the operations of Holigen would have contributed net loss of $1,825,521 for the year ended December 31, 2022.

During the year ended December 31, 2023, the acquired business contributed $1,736,369 (2022 - $1,933,202) in revenue and a net loss of $11,271,243 (2022 - $966,429).

## 5. Loss of Control of Bophelo Bio Science and Wellness (Pty) Ltd.

On July 26, 2022, the Company announced that the High Court of Lesotho (the 'Lesotho Court') has placed in liquidation the Company's, wholly-owned subsidiary, Bophelo Bio Science and Wellness (Pty) Ltd. ('Bophelo'). The action to place Bophelo in liquidation was taken by the Lesotho Court pursuant to an application and request (the 'Liquidation Application') that was filed by Louisa Mojela, the former Executive Chairman of the Company, who was recently terminated as Executive Chairman of Akanda, and the Mophuti Matsoso Development Trust ('MMD Trust'). Akanda intends to convene a special committee to investigate Ms. Mojela's actions and conduct, including actions and conduct taken by her prior to her filing of the Liquidation Application, and will pursue all of its available legal rights and remedies against Ms. Mojela and the MMD Trust for taking this unauthorized action. The Company also intends to contest and seek to reverse the determination by the Lesotho Court to place Bophelo in liquidation. In addition, Akanda will seek to recover significant loans that it has made to Bophelo to fund the execution of Bophelo's business plan, including payment of rents and staffing costs, in the event that the Lesotho Court does not reverse its determination to place Bophelo in liquidation. Finally, Ms. Mojela has been summarily terminated as Chairman of Bophelo for Cause, as a 'bad leaver', as a result of her action to seek to place Bophelo in liquidation. Ms. Mojela has instituted legal proceedings against  the  Company as a result  of  the  termination  of  her  employment.  In  an  action  taken  without  the  Company's  knowledge,  the  Lesotho  Court  has ordered an insolvent liquidation of Bophelo, and has appointed Mr. Chavonnes Cooper of Cape Town, South Africa, as liquidator of Bophelo for purposes of maintaining the value of the assets owned or managed by Bophelo. The order was signed by the Honorable Mr. Justice Mokhesi on July 15, 2022.

At  December  31,  2022,  the  Company  determined  that  it  no  longer  controlled  Bophelo  Bio  Science  and  Wellness  (Pty)  Ltd.  as  a  result  of  the  above insolvent liquidation. As a result of the loss of control, the Company derecognized all assets and liabilities at their book values on December 31, 2022 and wrote down all balances receivable from the entity to $nil. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a loss on loss of control of Bophelo Bio Science and Wellness (Pty) Ltd. of $2,085,624, which included $739,947 of cash held by Bophelo Bio Science and Wellness (Pty) Ltd. The Company accounted for the operating results of Bophelo Bio Science and Wellness (Pty) Ltd. as a discontinued operation during the year ended December 31, 2022 and has reclassified the operating results of Bophelo Bio Science and Wellness (Pty) Ltd as a discontinued operation for the year ended December 31, 2021.

## 5. Loss of Control of Bophelo Bio Science and Wellness (Pty) Ltd. (continued)

Set out below is the financial performance and cash flow information for the year ended December 31, 2022 related to the discontinued operation:

| Year ended December 31,  2022  Revenue  $  31,123  Operating expenses  (1,244,691)  Other expenses  (123,033)  (1,336,601)  Loss on loss of control of subsidiary  (2,085,624)  Loss on discontinued operations  $  (3,422,225)  Exchange differences on translation of discontinued operations  $  (450,040)  Other comprehensive income from discontinued operations  $  (450,040)  Cash flows provided by operating activities  $  1,060,350  Cash flows used in investing activities  (1,003,529)  Cash flows used in financing activities  (95,696)  Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents  18,909  Net change in cash used in the subsidiary  $  (19,966)  Carrying amount of net assets immediately prior to loss of control of subsidiary  $  2,375,840  Reclassification of foreign currency translation reserve  (290,216)  Loss on loss of control of subsidiary  $  2,085,624   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at December 31, 2022, the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities of Bophelo Bio Science and Wellness (Pty) Ltd were as follows:

| Cash  $  739,947  Accounts receivable  21,854  Prepayments  578,070  Property, plant and equipment  1,887,435  Right-of-use assets  1,745,205  Intangible assets  210,402  Total assets  $  5,182,913  Trade and other payables  115,120  Lease liability  2,375,590  Long-term debt  316,363  Total liabilities  $  2,807,073  Net assets  $  2,375,840   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6. Trade and Other Receivables

| December 31,  December 31,  2023  2022  Trade accounts receivable  $  155,785    $  720,085  Sales taxes receivable  39,111  91,416  Other receivables  89,617  424,118  $  284,513    $  1,235,619   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at December 31, 2023, there were four customers (2022 - one customer) with an amount greater than 10% of the Company's trade accounts receivable which represented 81% of the balance (2022 - 85%). During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a bad debt expense of $332,715, within general and administrative expenses, as the amounts were not collectible from the customer. The Company did not recognize any bad debt expense during the year ended December 31, 2023.

## 7. Inventory

The  Company's  inventory  as  of  December  31,  2023  included  consumer  packaging  inventory  and  dried  cannabis  flower  finished  product  at  RPK  in Portugal  with  a  total  carrying  amount  of  $1,286,894  (2022  -  $1,057,240).  During  the  year  ended  December  31,  2023,  inventories  with  a  cost  of $1,544,169 were recorded as cost of sales (2022 - $566,252).

During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company assessed the fair value of its biological assets and inventory and recognized a total of $140,088 (2022 - gain of $1,216,129) as a loss on change in fair value of biological assets and inventory in the consolidated statements of loss and comprehensive loss.

## Biological assets

Set out below is a reconciliation of the Company's biological assets as at December 31, 2023 and 2022:

| For the years ended December 31,  2023  2022  Balance, beginning of the year  $  809,180  $  -  Acquisition (note 4)  -  200,457  Gain (loss) on change in fair value of biological assets  (822,942)  580,411  Movement in exchange rate  13,762  28,312  Balance, end of the year  $  -  $  809,180   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At December 31, 2023, there are no cannabis plants in the ground and only the mother plants remained. Hence, there are no biological assets recognized during the year ended December 31, 2023.

Biological assets at December 31, 2022 consisted of approximately 32,337 cannabis plants which are expected to yield approximately 1,068 kilograms of medical cannabis when harvested in March 2023.

## 8. Marketable Securities

During the year ended December 31, 2022, concurrent to the acquisition of Holigen (note 4), the Company subscribed for, and purchased  14,285,714  ordinary  shares  of  The  Flowr  Corporation  ('Flowr')  by  way  of  a  private  placement  for  a  consideration  of  approximately $801,160 (CDN$ 1,000,000). The subscription for the 14,285,714 ordinary shares of Flowr was a closing deliverable requirement in terms of the sale and purchase agreement between the Company and Flowr with respect to the acquisition of Holigen.

Set out below is a reconciliation of the movement of the Company's investment during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022:

| Balance, December 31, 2021  $  -  Purchase of investment  801,160  Change in fair value  (516,281)  Movement in exchange rate  (21,188)  Balance, December 31, 2022  263,691  Change in fair value  (264,655)  Movement in exchange rate  964  Balance, December 31, 2023  (*)  $  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(*) Reflects closing price of CDN$0.000 on December 31, 2023.

## 9. Property, Plant and Equipment

| Cost  Land  Plant and  equipment  Leasehold  Improvements  Motor  Vehicles  Computers  Furniture  and fixtures  Capital work-  in-progress  Total  Balance, December 31, 2021  $  -    $  590,011    $  1,089,694    $  47,623    $  10,124    $  4,695    $  464,253    $  2,206,400  Acquisitions (note 4)  872,336  11,817,462  -  89,513  32,703  124,360  -      12,936,374  Additions  -  108,933  66,110  10,489  13,348  3,435  108,631  310,946  Impact of loss of control of Bophelo  Bio Science &amp; Wellness (Pty) Ltd.  -  (663,404)  (1,088,572)  (54,767)  (14,851)  (5,436)  (437,117)  (2,264,147)  Foreign exchange movements  12,901  282,219  (67,232)  (603)  1,115  2,181  (135,767)  94,814  Balance, December 31, 2022  885,237      12,135,221  -  92,255  42,439  129,235  -      13,284,387  Additions  434,344  -  1,502  -  412  37  -  436,295  Disposal  -  (93,002)  -  (57,668)  -  -  -  (150,670)  Foreign exchange movements  35,756  459,804  36  (1,871)  6,011  5,684  -  505,420  Balance, December 31, 2023  $1,355,337     $12,502,023     $  1,538     $  32,716     $  48,862     $  134,956  $  -  $14,075,432  Accumulated depreciation  Land  Plant and  equipment  Leasehold  Improvements  Motor  Vehicles  Computers  Furniture  and fixtures  Capital work-  in-progress  Total  Balance, December 31, 2021  $  -    $  174,854    $  108,623    $  23,505    $  1,206    $  464    $  -    $  308,652  Depreciation  -  972,872  -  27,883  22,942  13,490  -      1,037,187  Depreciation - Bophelo  -  32,549  49,538  6,577  20,832  463  -  109,959  Impact of loss of control of Bophelo Bio  Science &amp; Wellness (Pty) Ltd.  -  (195,441)  (149,161)  (28,357)  (2,877)  (876)  -  (376,712)  Foreign exchange movements  -  68,415  (9,000)  911  (15,759)  1,230  -  45,797  Balance, December 31, 2022  -      1,053,249  -  30,519  26,344  14,771  -      1,124,883  Depreciation  -      1,541,644  300  29,928  12,757  21,330  -      1,605,959  Disposal  -  (14,771)  -  (36,316)  -  -  -  (51,087)  Foreign exchange movements  -  143,044  8  (2,767)  5,660  2,469  -  148,414  Balance, December 31, 2023  $  -  $2,723,166     $  308     $  21,364     $  44,761     $  38,570  $  -  $2,828,169   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Akanda Corp. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Expressed in United States Dollars)

## 9. Property, Plant and Equipment (continued)

| Impairment  Land  Plant and  equipment  Leasehold  Improvements  Motor  Vehicles  Computers  Furniture  and fixtures  Capital work-  in-progress  Total  Balance, December 31, 2022  and 2021  $  -    $  -    $  -    $  -    $  -    $  -    $  -    $  -  Impairment  737,994  7,902,730  -  9,174  1,135  76,998  -  8,728,031  Balance, December 31, 2023   $  737,994    $  7,902,730    $  -  $  9,174    $  1,135    $  76,998    $  -  $  8,728,031  Net book value  Land  Plant and  equipment  Leasehold  Improvements  Motor  Vehicles  Computers  Furniture  and fixtures  Capital work-  in-progress  Total  Balance, December 31, 2022  $  885,237    $ 11,081,972    $  -    $  61,736    $  16,095    $  114,464    $  -    $12,159,504  Balance, December 31, 2023   $  617,343     $  1,876,127     $  1,230     $  2,178     $  2,966     $  19,388  $  -  $  2,519,232   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company derecognized property, plant and equipment with a net book value of $1,887,435 in connection with  the  loss  of  control  of  Bophelo  Bio  Science  and  Wellness  (Pty)  Ltd.  During  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021,  the  Company's  capital  work  in progress related  to  the  ongoing  civil,  gravelling,  storm  drainage  work  on  site,  as  well  as  the  construction  of  hoop  houses  and  a  Cravo A-Frame  style greenhouse for future medical cannabis cultivation in Bophelo, Lesotho, was derecognized at December 31, 2022 as a result of the loss of control of Bophelo Bio Science and Wellness (Pty) Ltd (note 5).

During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recorded depreciation of its property, plant and equipment of $1,605,959 (2022 - $1,147,146) of which $nil (2022 - $109,959) was related to the operations of Bophelo Bio Science and Wellness (Pty) Ltd was recorded within discontinued operations.

During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company sold some of its equipment held in Portugal and recognized a loss on disposal of $4,495 in the consolidated statements of loss and comprehensive loss.

Pursuant  to  the  Company's  upcoming  sale  of  RPK  (note  23),  its  Portuguese  subsidiary,  the  Company  impaired  a  portion  of  its  property,  plant  and equipment  and  recognized  an  impairment  loss  of  $8,728,031  in  the  consolidated  statements  of  loss  and  comprehensive  loss  during  the  year  ended December 31, 2023.

## 1900 Ferne Road, Gabriola Island, British Columbia

On September 19, 2023, and as amended on September 22, 2023, the Company entered into an option agreement with 1107385 B.C. Ltd ('1107385') to purchase farming land property and related operations and licenses from 1107385. To acquire the property, the Company must pay the following:

- A. The Company will issue a non-refundable payment equal to $1,800,000 and if paid in common shares of the Company will be based on formula to calculate the per share price as set forth in the agreement. The payment will be broken up into following:
- the First Option Payment, upon signing (issued 879,895 with a fair value of $431,149) (note 15)
- the Second Option Payment, 15 days after signing (paid $600,000 subsequently) (note 23)
- the Third Option Payment, 30 days after signing (paid $600,000 subsequently) (note 23)

This buys the Company the right to develop the property for two years. The Company plans during this time period to develop Tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) and CBD facilities at this site.

## 9. Property, Plant and Equipment (continued)

- B. Additional payments will be made based upon milestones achieved from the development. Further payment milestones include:
- Upon approval or a license for THC cultivation on the property from the applicable regulatory authority, $500,000 will be paid to the Owner.
- Upon sale of THC product cultivated from the property, $500,000 will be paid
- Upon Hemp cultivation approval from the application regulatory authority, $750,000 will be paid
- Upon CBD cultivation approval from the application regulatory authority, $750,000 will be paid

## 10. Right-of-use Assets

On August 1, 2022, the Company entered into a lease agreement for an office space with a monthly lease payment of $20,000 over a period of two years. The right-of-use assets recognized was measured at an amount equal to the recognized lease liabilities (note 13).

The details of the right-of-use assets recognized as at December 31, 2023 are as follows:

| Land lease  Office lease  Total  Balance, December 31, 2021  $  1,908,877    $  -  $  1,908,877  Additions  -  432,335  432,335  Amortization  -  (88,764)  (88,764)  Amortization - Bophelo  (55,041)  -  (55,041)  Impact of loss of control of Bophelo Bio Science &amp; Wellness (Pty) Ltd.  (1,745,205)  -  (1,745,205)  Movement in exchange rates  (108,631)  (19,501)  (128,132)  Balance, December 31, 2022  -  324,070  324,070  Amortization  -  (205,424)  (205,424)  Movement in exchange rates  -  3,336  3,336  Balance, December 31, 2023  $  -  $  121,982    $  121,982   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During  the  year  ended  December  31,  2023,  the  Company  recorded  amortization  on  its  right-of-use  assets  of  $205,424  (2022  -  $143,805)  of  which $nil (2022 - $55,041) was related to discontinued operations.

At  December 31, 2022, the Company derecognized right-of-use assets with a net book value of $1,745,205 in connection with the loss of control of Bophelo Bio &amp; Wellness (Pty) Ltd (note 5).

## 11. Intangible Assets

| Cost:  Software  Licences  Total  Balance, December 31, 2021  $  -  $  389,456    $  389,456  Acquisitions (note 4)  17,548      24,648,224      24,665,772  Impact of loss of control of Bophelo Bio Science &amp; Wellness (Pty) Ltd.  -  (350,670)  (350,670)  Movement in exchange rates  633  (23,521)  (22,888)  Balance, December 31, 2022  18,181      24,663,489      24,681,670  Movement in exchange rates  1,373  809  2,182  Balance, December 31, 2023  $  19,554  $24,664,298    $24,683,852   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 11. Intangible Assets (continued)

| Accumulated amortization:  Software  Licences  Total  Balance, December 31, 2021  $  -  $  130,354    $  130,354  Amortization  7,550  2,464,822  2,472,372  Impact of loss of control of Bophelo Bio Science &amp; Wellness (Pty) Ltd.  -  (140,268)  (140,268)  Movement in exchange rates  704  9,914  10,618  Balance, December 31, 2022  8,254  2,464,822  2,473,076  Amortization  7,525  2,464,823  2,472,348  Movement in exchange rates  1,213  -  1,213  Balance, December 31, 2023  $  16,992  $  4,929,645  $  4,946,637  Impairment:  Software  Licences  Total  Balance, December 31, 2022 and 2021  $  -  $  -  $  -  Impairment  2,070  15,935,463  15,937,533  Balance, December 31, 2023  $  2,070  $  15,935,463     $  15,937,533  Net book value  Software  Licences  Total  Balance, December 31, 2022  $  9,927    $  22,198,667    $  22,208,594  Balance, December 31, 2023  $  492  $  3,799,190  $  3,799,682   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company's intangible assets consists of computer software program with a carrying value of $492 (2022 - $9,927), and licenses consisting of a cannabis distribution license with a carrying value of $16,073 at December 31, 2023 (2022 - $15,264) and a cannabis API manufacturing and GMP license with a carrying value of $3,783,117 (2022 - $22,183,403). During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company derecognized a cannabis operator's license with a net book value of $210,402 in connection with the loss of control of Bophelo Bio Science and Wellness (Pty) Ltd. (note 4). The Company considered indicators of impairment at December 31, 2023 and 2022.

Pursuant  to  the  Company's  upcoming  sale  of  RPK  (note  23),  its  Portuguese  subsidiary,  the  Company  impaired  a  portion  of  its  intangible  assets  and recognized an impairment loss of $15,937,533 in the consolidated statements of loss and comprehensive loss during the year ended December 31, 2023.

At  December  31,  2023,  the  remaining  useful  life  of  the  Company's  finite  life  intangible  assets  is  approximately  1.5  years.  The  Company's  cannabis distribution license has been classified as an indefinite-life intangible asset as the Company expects to maintain this asset and the end point of the useful life of such asset cannot be determined. The Company evaluates the assumption of the indefinite life of the cannabis distribution license at least annually.

## 12. Loan Receivable

| December 31,  December 31,  2023  2022  Loan to Cellen Life Sciences Limited  $  509,212  $  483,588  Loan to an arm's length party  84,020  -  $  593,232  $  483,588   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Included in the loan receivable at December 31, 2023 is an amount of $509,212 (£400,000) (2022 - $483,588 (£400,000)) owed by Cellen Life Sciences Limited to the Company pursuant to a Bridge Loan Arrangement entered into in December 2021.

## Akanda Corp. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Expressed in United States Dollars)

## 12. Loan Receivable (continued)

On November 10, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement (the 'Loan Restructuring Agreement') with Cellen Life Sciences Limited and Cellen Biotech Limited (collectively referred to as 'Cellen') which entails the restructuring of the payment terms applicable to the $500,000 loan payable by Cellen to the Company pursuant to a Bridge Loan Facility Agreement previously entered into on December 2, 2021. In terms of the Loan Restructuring Agreement, Cellen shall repay the $500,000 by no later than the fourth anniversary of the Loan Restructuring Agreement, namely by November 10, 2026. The loan shall not bear interest until the 2nd anniversary (namely November 10, 2024) of the Loan Restructuring Agreement, where thereafter, it shall bear interest at a rate of 5% per annum on the principal amount of the loan ($500,000). The loan is secured over the assets of Cellen.

During  the  year  ended  December  31,  2023,  the  Company  loaned  an  amount  of  $84,020  (£66,000)  to  an  arm's  length  party.  This  loan  is  non-interest bearing, unsecured and has no specific terms of repayment.

## 13. Lease Liability

| Maturity  Incremental  borrowing rate  December 31,  2023  December 31,  2022  Current  2023  10.25%  $  135,337    $  214,058  Non-current  2024  10.25%  -  116,763  $  135,337     $  330,821   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On August 1, 2022, the Company entered into a lease agreement for an office space with a monthly lease payment of $20,000 over a period of two years. Under IFRS 16, the Company recognizes lease liabilities measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments, discounted using the Company's incremental borrowing rate.

The details of the lease liability recognized as at December 31, 2023 are as follows:

| Cost:  Land Lease  Office Lease  Total  Balance, December 31, 2021  $  2,418,706    $  -  $  2,418,706  Present value of lease payments  -  432,335  432,335  Accrued interest  103,816  17,059  120,875  Cash payments  -  (80,000)  (80,000)  Accounts payable  -  (20,000)  (20,000)  Impact of loss of control of Bophelo Bio Science &amp; Wellness (Pty) Ltd. (note 5)  (2,375,590)  -  (2,375,590)  Movement in exchange rates  (146,932)  (18,573)  (165,505)  Balance, December 31, 2022  -  330,821  330,821  Accrued interest  -  25,942  25,942  Cash payments  -  (60,000)  (60,000)  Accounts payable  -  (180,000)  (180,000)  Movement in exchange rates  -  18,574  18,574  Balance, December 31, 2023  $  -  $  135,337     $  135,337   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company derecognized the lease liability with a net book value of $2,375,590 in connection with the loss of control of Bophelo Bio &amp; Wellness (Pty) Ltd.

## Akanda Corp. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Expressed in United States Dollars)

## 13. Lease Liability (continued)

The Company has committed to the following undiscounted minimum lease payments remaining as at December 31, 2023:

| Year ended December 31:  2023  $  -  2024  140,000  $  140,000   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14. Loans and Borrowings

## (a) Louisa Mojela loans:

The loans described below have been granted to the Company to fulfill its capital and operational requirements. The terms of the loans are described below:

## (i) Short-term loan #1

This is a short-term loan facility of approximately $135,226 in capital value lent to assist the Company in funding working capital deficits. This loan was unsecured, repayable within 30 days of receiving the payment and carried interest at the rate linked to the prime lending rate in the Republic of South Africa. The capital balance of this loan was repaid in full before the end of the financial year December 31, 2020. As at December  31,  2021,  the  unpaid  interest  balance  on  this  loan  was  $9,068.  During  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  the  Company determined that it no longer controlled Bophelo Bio Science and Wellness (Pty) Ltd. as a result of the insolvent liquidation order signed by the Lesotho Court on July 15, 2022 (note 5). As a result of the loss of control, the Company derecognized all assets and liabilities at their book values on December 31, 2022 and wrote down this payable to $nil (note 5).

## (ii) Short-term loan #2

This is a short-term loan facility of approximately $190,444 in capital value lent to assist the Company in funding its day-to-day operating costs. This loan does not have a fixed repayment date, is unsecured and is interest free. As at December 31, 2021, the balance remaining was $174,840.  During  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  the  Company  determined  that  it  no  longer  controlled  Bophelo  Bio  Science  and Wellness (Pty) Ltd. as a result of the insolvent liquidation order signed by the Lesotho Court on July 15, 2022 (note 5). As a result of the loss of  control,  the  Company  derecognized all  assets  and  liabilities  at  their  book  values  on  December  31,  2022  and  wrote  down  this  payable to $nil (note 5).

## (iii) Short-term loan #3

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company received short term loan facility of approximately $258,900 (L 4,000,000) to assist the Company in funding its day-to-day operating costs. This loan does not have a fixed repayment date, is unsecured and is interest free. As at December 31, 2021, the balance remaining was $248,293. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company determined that it no longer controlled Bophelo Bio Science and Wellness (Pty) Ltd. as a result of the insolvent liquidation order signed by the Lesotho Court on July 15, 2022 (note 5). As a result of the loss of control, the Company derecognized all assets and liabilities at their book values on December 31, 2022 and wrote down this payable to $nil (note 5).

## (b) Bank loans:

The loans below have been granted to Holigen Ltd. and its subsidiaries in order to fund their capital and operational needs on site.

## (i) Short term loans

As at December 31, 2023, the balance of the loans from Caixa was $875,016 (2022 - $772,955) which consisted of loans for the purpose of building construction and purchase of equipment. The repayment date on these loans are February 22, 2026 and June 5, 2026 respectively. These loans are charged with interest at the rate of 3% and are secured by mortgage of building and equipment.

## 14. Loans and Borrowings (continued)

- (b) Bank loans: (continued)
- (ii) Long term loans

As at December 31, 2023, the balance of the loans from Caixa was $2,497,155 (2022 - $2,632,103) which consisted of loans for the purpose of building construction and purchase of equipment. The repayment date on these loans are February 22, 2026 and June 5, 2026 respectively. These loans are charged with interest at the rate of 3% and are secured by mortgage of building and equipment.

As  at  December  31,  2023,  the  loans  balance  including  accrued  interest,  which  is  recorded  within  accounts  payable,  was  $3,439,527  (2022  $3,414,582).

- (c) Other loans:
- (i) During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received a loan of £25,000 ($30,224) from a related party (note 16). The loan is unsecured and bears interest of £200 per week. The loan has matured on January 31, 2023 and is due on demand. Any unpaid amount is charged with late fees of £200 for each week the payment is late.

On January 17, 2023, the Company received an additional loan of €45,000 ($48,666) from the same related party. The loan is unsecured and bears interest of 0.75% per day, compounding daily. The loan has matured on February 1, 2023 and is due on demand. Any unpaid amount is charged with late fees of 1% compounding interest for each day the payment is late. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the lender has willingly forgone any interest arising from this loan.

During  the  year  ended  December  31,  2023,  the  Company  recorded  interest  expense  of  $14,638  (2022  -  $nil)  from  these  loans.  As  at December 31, 2023, the loans balance including accrued interest was $96,475 (2022 - $30,224).

- (ii) On April 26, 2023, the Company received loan of €500,000 ($551,399) from an arm's length party. The loan is not interest bearing, provided that if the loan is not repaid within 90 days from the date of the loan agreement ('Maturity Date'), the loan will be subject to an interest rate of 4% per annum, commencing from the Maturity Date. The loan was fully repaid on May 17, 2023.
- (iii) During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company received a total loan of $67,000 ($49,192) from a company controlled by a director of the Company (note 16). The loans bear interest of 18% per annum, unsecured and payable within 12 months. The Company recorded interest expense of $2,436 (2022 - $nil) from these loans during the year ended December 31, 2023. As at December 31, 2023, the loans balance including accrued interest was $53,021 (2022 - $nil).
- (iv) During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company received loans of $105,000 ($77,450) from an arm's length parties. The loans bear interest of 18% per annum, unsecured and payable within 12 months. The Company recorded interest expense of $4,047 (2022 - $nil) from these loans during the year ended December 31, 2023. As at December 31, 2023, the loans balance including accrued interest was $83,325 (2022 - $nil).
- (v) During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company received loans of $86,880 ($65,507) from an arm's length parties. The loans bear interest of 7% per annum, unsecured and payable within 12 months. The Company recorded interest expense of $138 (2022 - $nil) from these loans during the year ended December 31, 2023. As at December 31, 2023, the loans balance including accrued interest was $65,820 (2022 - $nil).

## 15. Share Capital

## (a) Authorized

The Company has authorized share capital of an unlimited number of common shares with no par value.

On March 9, 2023, the Company implemented a 1-for-10 reverse stock split on its ordinary shares.

## (b) Shares issued and outstanding

| Cost:  Number of  shares  Capital  Balance, December 31, 2021  2,223,131    $  7,255,695  Issuance of shares to ASDT  86,996  2,124,615  Issuance of shares from private placement  16,200  278,481  Issuance of shares upon conversion of note  164,574  6,559,000  Issuance of shares from IPO  400,000  14,654,593  Issuance of shares in Holigen acquisition (note 4)  190,000  16,131,000  Loss of control of Bophelo Bio  -  (156)  Fair value of RSUs issued at $9.70 per share  112,456  1,090,832  Fair value of RSUs issued at $8.29 per share  67,567  560,135  Fair value of RSUs issued at $7.10 per share  60,810  431,757  Fair value of RSUs issued at $2.57 per share  82,000  210,740  Fair value of RSUs issued at $2.30 per share  60,000  138,000  Balance, December 31, 2022  3,463,734  49,434,692  Fair value of RSUs issued at $1.84 per share  421,052  774,736  Fair value of RSUs issued at $1.11 per share  161,295  179,037  Fair value of RSUs issued at $0.61 per share  140,746  86,137  Cancelled shares  (20,620)  (200,014)  Issuance of shares upon conversion of note  582,193  314,384  Issuance of shares pursuant to the first option payment to acquire a certain land property (note 9)  879,895  431,149  Balance, December 31, 2023  5,628,295  $  51,020,121   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company had the following share capital transactions:

- (i) On January 26, 2023, the Company issued 421,052 common shares at a fair value of $774,736 on the RSUs granted in accordance with the Company's ESOP.
- (ii) On May 2, 2023, the Company issued 637,254 common shares at a fair value of $707,352 on the RSUs granted in accordance with the Company's ESOP, of which 475,959 of these common shares with a fair value of $528,315 were cancelled and returned on June 30, 2023 and recorded on accounts payable.
- (iii) On June 6, 2023, the Company cancelled 20,620 common shares at a fair value of $200,014 that were issued in August 2022.
- (iv) On July 26, 2023, the Company issued 140,746 common shares at a fair value of $86,137 in replacement to the cancelled shares issued to a consultant of the Company on June 30, 2023.
- (v) On August 14, 2023, the Company issued 582,193 common shares at a fair value of $314,384 to Halo Collective Inc. ('Halo') to settle the principal amount of $328,000 plus accrued interest and overdue fees of $32,960 pursuant to the Note Conversion Agreement entered with Halo Collective Inc. in July 2023, which totaled $360,960 at the time of conversion.
- (vi) On October 11, 2023, the Company issued 879,895 common shares at a fair value of $431,149 pursuant to the terms of the option agreement in relation to the purchase farming land properties (note 9).

## 15. Share Capital (continued)

## (b) Shares issued and outstanding (continued)

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had the following share capital transactions:

- (i) On  March  14,  2022,  the  Company  issued  86,996  common  shares  to  the Akanda  Bokamoso  Empowerment  Trust  at  a  deemed  value  of $25.00  per  common  share,  the  per  share  value  of  the  concurrent  private  placement  (see  (ii)  below).  The  Company  recorded  an  expense of $2,124,615 within general and administrative expenditures reflecting the cost of the shares issued at nil proceeds. The share based payment to the Akanda Bokamoso Empowerment Trust is a social development initiative of the Company and its beneficiaries are the employees of subsidiaries within the group.
- (ii) On March 14, 2022, the Company completed a private placement, issuing 16,200 common shares upon gross receipts of $405,000 net of issuance costs of $126,519.
- (iii) On  March  15,  2022,  the  Company  issued  164,574  common  shares  to  Halo  at  a  price  of  $40  each  to  settle  the  principal  amount  of $6,559,294 plus accrued interest $23,686 owing to Halo in terms of a convertible debenture agreement, which totaled $6,582,980 at the time of conversion. The conversion of the debt owing was triggered by the Initial Public Offering in terms of the convertible debenture agreement.
- (iv) On March 15, 2022, the Company issued 400,000 common shares to IPO investors in exchange for gross proceeds of $16,000,000 and net proceeds of $14,682,089 after deducting underwriter commissions and allowable expenses.
- (v) On April  29,  2022,  the  Company  issued  190,000  common  shares  at  a  fair  value  of  $84.90  per  share  as  part  of  the  consideration  in  the acquisition of Holigen (note 4).
- (vi) On August 4, 2022, the Company issued 91,836 common shares at a fair value of $890,818 on the 112,456 RSUs granted on July 29, 2022.
- (vii) On August 11, 2022, the Company issued 20,620 common shares at a fair value of $200,014 on the 112,456 RSUs granted on July 29, 2022.
- (viii) On August 25, 2022, the Company issued 67,567 common shares at a fair value of $560,135 on the 67,567 RSUs granted on August 18, 2022.
- (ix) On September 8, 2022, the Company issued 60,810 common shares at a fair value of $431,757 on the 60,810 RSUs granted on September 6, 2022.
- (x) On October 28, 2022, the Company issued 82,000 common shares at a fair value of $210,740 on the 82,000 RSUs granted on October 28, 2022.
- (xi) On November 22, 2022, the Company issued 60,000 common shares at a fair value of $138,000 on the 60,000 RSUs granted on November 21, 2022.

## (c) Loss per share

The  weighted  average  number  of  common  shares  outstanding  for  basic  and  diluted  loss  per  share  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2023 was 4,505,263 (2022 - 2,993,009). The Company did not have any potential dilution during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022.

## (d) Restricted stock units

In order to incentivize senior executive management and key staff, the Company makes use of equity incentives awarded pursuant to the Employee Share Ownership Plan ('ESOP'). In terms of the ESOP, the Company may award up to 20% of the Company's issued share capital (at any point in time) in qualifying ESOP incentives.

On April 22, 2022, the Company granted 248,053 restricted stock units ('RSUs') to former directors, officers, and employees of the Company, of which service cost of $561,285 was included in general and administrative expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022. Each of the RSUs vest monthly over 36 months beginning April 22, 2022. All of these RSUs were forfeited and wrote-off during the year ended December 31, 2023.

## 15. Share Capital (continued)

## (d) Restricted stock units (continued)

On  July  29,  2022,  the  Company  granted  112,456  restricted  stock  units  ('RSUs')  at  a  market  price  of  $9.70  to  consultants  and  directors  of  the Company in accordance with the Company's RSU plan. Each of the RSUs vest immediately. The fair value of the granted RSUs was estimated to be $1,090,832. 112,456 of the granted RSUs were exercised during the year ended December 31, 2022.

On August  11,  2022,  the  Company  granted  20,620  restricted  stock  units  ('RSUs')  at  a  market  price  of  $10.30  to  directors  of  the  Company  in accordance with the Company's RSU plan. Each of the RSUs vest three days following the release of Q2 2022 financials. The fair value of the granted RSUs was estimated to be $212,386. All of these RSUs were forfeited and wrote-off during the year ended December 31, 2023.

On August 18,  2022,  the  Company  granted  67,567  restricted  stock  units  ('RSUs')  at  a  market  price  of  $8.29  to  consultants  of  the  Company  in accordance with the Company's RSU plan. Each of the RSUs vest immediately. The fair value of the granted RSUs was estimated to be $560,135. 67,567 of the granted RSUs were exercised during the year ended December 31, 2022.

On September 6, 2022, the Company granted 60,810 restricted stock units ('RSUs') at a market price of $7.10 to a consultant of the Company in accordance with the Company's RSU plan. Each of the RSUs vest immediately. The fair value of the granted RSUs was estimated to be $431,757. 60,810 of the granted RSUs were exercised during the year ended December 31, 2022.

On September 21,  2022,  the  Company  granted  98,896  restricted  stock  units  ('RSUs')  in  reserve  at  a  market  price  of  $6.05  to  former  directors, officers, and consultants of the Company in accordance with the Company's RSU plan. Each of the RSUs vest immediately. The fair value of the granted RSUs was estimated to be $598,321. All of these RSUs in reserve were forfeited and wrote-off during the year ended December 31, 2023.

On September 22, 2022, the Company granted 30,000 restricted stock units ('RSUs') in reserve at a market price of $5.60 to a former officer of the Company in accordance with the Company's RSU plan. Each of the RSUs vest immediately. The fair value of the granted RSUs was estimated to be $168,000. All of these RSUs in reserve were forfeited and wrote-off during the year ended December 31, 2023.

On October 28, 2022, the Company granted 82,000 restricted stock units ('RSUs') at a market price of $2.57 to former directors and officers of the Company in accordance with the Company's RSU plan. Each of the RSUs vest immediately. The fair value of the granted RSUs was estimated to be $210,740. 82,000 of the granted RSUs were exercised during the year ended December 31, 2022.

On November 21, 2022, the Company granted 60,000 restricted stock units ('RSUs') at a market price of $2.30 to a consultant of the Company in accordance with the Company's RSU plan. Each of the RSUs vest immediately. The fair value of the granted RSUs was estimated to be $138,000. 60,000 of the granted RSUs were exercised during the year ended December 31, 2022.

On January 24, 2023, the Company granted 421,052 restricted stock units ('RSUs') at a market price of $1.84 to consultants of the Company in accordance with the Company's RSU plan. Each of the RSUs vest immediately. The fair value of the granted RSUs was estimated to be $774,736. 421,052 of the granted RSUs were exercised during the year ended December 31, 2023.

On  May  2,  2023,  the  Company  granted  637,254  restricted  stock  units  ('RSUs')  at  a  market  price  of  $1.11  to  a  consultant  of  the  Company  in accordance  with  the  Company's  RSU  plan.  Each  of  the  RSUs  vest  immediately.  637,254  of  the  granted  RSUs  were  initially  exercised  however 475,959 RSUs were cancelled due to RSU room restrictions. The fair value of the remaining granted RSUs was estimated to be $179,037.

## 15. Share Capital (continued)

## (d) Restricted stock units (continued)

On  July  26,  2023,  the  Company  granted  140,746  restricted  stock  units  ('RSUs')  at  a  market  price  of  $0.61  to  a  consultant  of  the  Company  in accordance with the Company's RSU plan. Each of the RSUs vest immediately. The fair value of the granted RSUs was estimated to be $86,137. 140,746 of the granted RSUs were exercised during the year ended December 31, 2023.

A summary of the Company's outstanding RSUs as at December 31, 2023 are as follows:

| Number of  RSUs  Balance, December 31, 2021  -  Granted  780,400  Exercised  (382,835)  Balance, December 31, 2022  397,565  Granted  1,199,052  Exercised  (723,093)  Forfeited/Cancelled  (873,524)  Balance, December 31, 2023  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recorded $1,249,986 (2022 - $2,431,464) of expenses related to the RSUs as consulting fees.

## 16. Related Party Transactions

## Secured convertible debenture

On November 3, 2021 (the 'Issuance Date'), the Company entered into an agreement with Halo in which the Company issued Halo a secured convertible debenture with an initial value of $6,559,294. The notes were convertible into common shares of the Company's capital receiving the number of shares, at its current market price, required to satisfy the principal and interest payable. The obligation to convert the note within six months of the Issuance Date is triggered  by  (a)  an  initial  public  offering  by  the  Company  on  a  stock  exchange;  (b)  an  amalgamation,  arrangement,  merger,  reverse  takeover, reorganization or similar event; (c) a sale or conveyance of all or substantially all of the property and assets of the Company to any arm's length third party for consideration consisting of free trading securities and the subsequent distribution of all of such consideration to all of the holders of common shares, on a  pro  rata  basis;  (d)  the  sale  or  exchange  of  all  or  substantially  all  of  shares  of  the  Borrower  for  free  trading  securities.  The  debt  bears  interest at one percent per annum, matures on November 3, 2022 and is secured by all of the assets of the Company other than the interests in the securities of Bophelo Bio Science and Wellness (Pty) Ltd. and ranks ahead of all other debt issued by the Company. On March 15, 2022, upon completion of the Company's initial  public  offering,  the  Company  issued  164,574  common  shares  to  Halo  Collective,  Inc.  ('Halo')  at  a  price  of  $40  each  to  settle  the principal amount of $6,559,294 plus accrued interest $23,686 owing to Halo in terms of a convertible debenture agreement, which totaled $6,582,980 at the time of conversion (see note 15(b)(iii)).

## Unsecured debenture

On January 26, 2023, the Company issued a promissory note to Halo for a principal amount of $328,000 (the 'Halo Note'). The Halo Note bears an interest rate of 7% per annum and has matured on June 25, 2023. If the amount payable is due, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, the overdue amount shall bear and accrue an interest rate of 1.25%. On July 25, 2023, the Company and Halo entered into a Note Conversion Agreement to convert and settle $360,960 of the total remaining outstanding balance, including accrued interest, under the Halo Note into 582,193 common shares of the Company at $0.62 per share (note 15).

During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company received additional loans from Halo in the aggregate principal amount of $1,192,953. These loans are unsecured and bears the same interest rate of 7% per annum and have no specific terms of repayment. As of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance, including accrued interest and other payables owing to Halo was $1,420,963.

## 16. Related Party Transactions (continued)

## Transactions with Key Management Personnel

The Company has identified its  Board  of  Directors,  Executive  Chairman,  Chief  Executive  Officer  ('CEO'),  Chief  Operating  Officer  ('COO'),  Chief Financial  Officer  ('CFO')  and  its  President  as  its  key  management  personnel  who  have  the  authority  and  responsibility  for  planning,  directing  and controlling the Company's main activities.

| For the years ended December 31,  2023  2022  Key Management Remuneration  $  522,669    $  3,572,602  Stock-based compensation  -  898,640  $  522,669     $  4,471,242   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Key Management remuneration is included in Professional and Consulting fees and Personnel Expenses in the Statement of Operations.

As of December 31, 2023, the Company has balances payable to related parties of $2,255,522 (2022 - $679,617) as below:

- a. Included within accounts payable and accrued liabilities at December 31, 2023 is remuneration payable to key management totaling $889,367 (2022 $679,617), which includes amounts owing to the following current and former directors and officers of the Company:
- current directors and officers:
- i. $99,051 owing to J Dhaliwal (2022 - $nil);
- ii. $81,384 owing to K Field (2022 - $nil);
- iii. $81,384 owing to H Singh (2022 - $nil);
- iv. $81,384 owing to D Jenkins (2022 - $nil); and
- v. $375,445 owing to K. Sidhu (2022 - $nil).
- former directors and officers:
- i. $85,733 owing to T Scott (2022 - $507,326);
- ii. $28,196 owing to Y. Liang (2022 - $nil)
- iii. $nil owing to T Virk (2022 - $15,092);
- iv. $nil owing to T Flow (2022 - $49,617);
- v. $nil owing to Dr. Akkar-Schenkl (2022 - $17,223);
- vi. $nil owing to L Mojela (2022 - $15,092);
- vii. $8,417 owing to P Van den Berg (2022 - $16,344);
- viii. $15,418 owing to C Kié (2022 - $22,335);
- ix. $8,333 owing to G Jones (2022 - $10,379);
- x. $10,039 owing to P Freyre (2022 - $7,619);

## 16. Related Party Transactions (continued)

- xi. $8,333 owing to G Dingaan (2022 - $10,379); and
- xii. $6,250 owing to B Baker (2022 - $8,211).
- b. The sole director and officer of RPK, Kiranjit Sidhu is also the owner of Catalyst Capital LLC ('Catalyst').
- i. On November 14, 2022, the Company received a loan of £25,000 ($30,224) from Catalyst. The loan is unsecured and bears interest of £200 per week. The loan has matured on January 31, 2023 and is due on demand. Any unpaid amount is charged with late fees of £200 for each week the payment is late. As of December 31, 2023, the loan balance including accrued interest of $46,811 (2022 - $30,224) remains outstanding.
- ii. On January 17, 2023, the Company received an additional loan of €45,000 ($48,666) from Catalyst. The loan is unsecured and bears interest of 0.75% per day, compounding daily. The loan has matured on February 1, 2023 and is due on demand. Any unpaid amount is charged with late fees of 1% compounding interest for each day the payment is late. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the lender has willingly forgone any interest arising from this loan. As of December 31, 2023, the loan balance of $49,664 (2022 - $nil) remains outstanding.
- iii. On January 23, 2023, the Company entered into an independent contractor agreement with Mr. Sidhu, pursuant to which, he agreed to provide services  regarding  the  business  operations,  business  development  and  strategic  matters  to  the  Company  for  $550,000.  The  payment  for  the services was settled by the issuance of 289,473 RSU converted to 289,473 common shares of the Company to Mr. Sidhu in January 2023.
- iv. On February 5,  2023,  the  Company  entered  into  another  independent  contractor  agreement  with  Mr.  Sidhu,  pursuant  to  which,  he  agreed  to provide services regarding the business operations, business development, legal and strategic matters to the Company for $650,000. The payment for the services was partially settled by the issuance of 161,295 RSUs converted to 161,295 common shares in May 2023 and 140,746 RSUs converted to 140,746 common shares in July 2023. As of December 31, 2023, the balance of the payment is $350,395, and is recorded under due to related parties' account.
- c. The Company has the following loans outstanding to 1248787 B.C. Ltd. ('1248787'), a company controlled by Jatinder Dhaliwal, a director of the Akanda:
- i. On August 18, 2023, the Company received a loan of C$24,000 ($17,714) from 1248787. The loan is unsecured, bears interest of 18% per annum and  payable  within  12  months.  As  of  December  31,  2023,  the  loan  balance  including  accrued  interest  of  $19,306  (2022  -  $nil)  remains outstanding.
- ii. On September 27, 2023, the Company received a loan of C$3,000 ($2,219) from 1248787. The loan is unsecured, bears interest of 18% per annum and payable within 12 months. As of December 31, 2023, the loan balance including accrued interest of $2,369 (2022 - $nil) remains outstanding.
- iii. On October 13, 2023, the Company received a loan of C$40,000 ($29,258) from 1248787. The loan is unsecured, bears interest of 18% per annum and payable within 12 months. As of December 31, 2023, the loan balance including accrued interest of $31,346 (2022 - $nil) remains outstanding.
- d. The Company has the following loans transactions with Halo, a company controlled by Katharyn Field, the executive director and interim CEO of the Akanda:

On January 26, 2023, the Company issued a promissory note to Halo for a principal amount of $328,000. The note bears an interest rate of 7% per annum and matured on June 25, 2023. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company entered into a note conversion agreement and settled this loan through the issuance of 582,193 common shares (note 15).

During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company received additional loans from Halo in the aggregate principal amount of $1,192,953. These loans  are  unsecured  and  bears  the  same  interest  rate  of  7%  per  annum  and  have  no  specific  terms  of  repayment. As  of  December  31,  2023,  the outstanding balance, including accrued interest of $54,808 recorded under loans account and other payables owing to Halo, of $1,420,963 remains outstanding.

The Company's related party transactions are measured at the exchange amount which is the amount of consideration established and agreed to by the related parties.

## 17. Income Taxes

The components of income tax expense (benefit) are as follows:

| Years ended December 31,  2023  2022  Current:  $  -  $  -  Kingdom of Lesotho  -  -  Republic of Malta  -  -  United Kingdom  -  -  $  -  $  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A reconciliation of the expected income tax recovery to the actual income tax recovery is as follows:

Deferred tax assets and liabilities have not been recognized for the following:

| Years ended December 31,  2023  2022  Net loss before income taxes:  $  (32,275,070)  $  (11,657,674)  Statutory income tax rate  26.50%  26.50%  Income tax benefit  (8,552,894)  (3,089,284)  Non-deductible items  7,671,563  1,664,757  Non-taxable items  (759,559)  (3,420,469)  Foreign rate differential  1,630,735  (323,877)  Unrecognized loss carryforwards  10,155  5,168,873  $  -  $  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company has reconciled to the average statutory tax rate of the Kingdom of Lesotho (10%), the Republic of Malta (35%), the United Kingdom (25%), and the Republic of Portugal (21%).

Deferred tax assets

| At December 31,  2023  2022  Net operating loss before carryforwards  $  -  $  -  Unrecognized loss carryforwards  $  -  $  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Deferred tax assets have not been recognized in respect of unutilized tax losses carried forward because it is not probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the Company can use the benefits therefrom.

## 18. Financial Instruments

## Determination of Fair Values

IFRS 13, Fair Value Measurement , establishes a fair value hierarchy that reflects the significance of the inputs used in measuring fair value. The fair value hierarchy has the following levels:

Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;

Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are either directly or indirectly observable;

Level  3  -  Unobservable  inputs  in  which  little  or  no  market  activity  exists,  therefore  requiring  an  entity  to  develop  its  own  assumptions  about  the assumptions market participants would use in pricing.

## 18. Financial Instruments (continued)

A number of the Company's accounting policies and disclosures require the determination of fair value, for both financial and non-financial assets and liabilities.  Fair  values  have  been  determined  for  measurement  and/or  disclosure  purposes  based  on  the  following  models.  When  applicable,  further information about the assumptions made in determining fair values is disclosed in the notes specific to that asset or liability.

The following is a comparison by class of the carrying amounts and fair value of the Company's financial instruments as at December 31, 2023 and 2022:

| December 31, 2023  December 31, 2022  Level  Carrying  amount  Fair  value  Carrying  amount  Fair  value  Financial assets  Financial assets measured at amortised cost:  Cash and cash held in trust  1  93,875  93,875  255,803  255,803  Marketable securities  1  -  -  263,691  263,691  Trade and other receivables  2  284,513  284,513  1,235,619  1,235,619  Loan receivable  2  593,232  593,232  483,588  483,588  Financial liabilities  Financial liabilities measure at amortised cost:  Trade and other payables  2  6,014,572  6,014,572  7,139,817  7,139,817  Loans and borrowings  2  3,863,454  3,863,454  3,568,896  3,568,896  Holdback payable  2  400,000  400,000  377,465  377,465  Lease liabilities  2  135,337  135,337  330,821  330,821  Due to related parties  2  2,255,522  2,255,522  679,617  679,617   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 19. Risks Arising from Financial Instruments and Risk Management

The Company's activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange and interest rate risks), credit risk and liquidity risk. Risk management is the responsibility of the Company, which identifies, evaluates and, where appropriate, mitigates financial risks.

## (a) Market risk

Foreign exchange risk: is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows for financial instruments will fluctuate because of changes in foreign exchange rates.  The  Company  has  not  entered  into  any  foreign  exchange  hedging  contracts.  The  Company  is  exposed  to  currency  risk  from  the  British  Pound ('GBP'), Euro ('EUR') and Canadian dollar ('CAD') through the following foreign currency denominated financial assets and liabilities:

| As at (expressed in GBP)  December 31,  2023  December 31,  2022  Financial assets  Cash and cash held in trust  £  20,087    £  75,315  Trade and other receivables  104,753  149,223  Loan receivable  466,000  400,000  £  590,840    £  624,538  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  £  998,092    £  923,725  Loans and borrowings  36,771  25,000  £  1,034,863    £  948,725   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Akanda Corp. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Expressed in United States Dollars)

## 19. Risks Arising from Financial Instruments and Risk Management

## (a) Market risk (continued)

| As at (expressed in EUR)  December 31,  2023  December 31,  2022  Financial assets  Cash  €  46,202    €  42,664  Trade and other receivables  136,963  986,320  €  183,165    €  1,028,984  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  €  2,171,878    €  3,201,180  Loans and borrowings  3,225,389  3,307,633  €  5,397,267    €  6,508,813  As at (expressed in CAD)  December 31,  2023  December 31,  2022  Financial assets  Cash  $  22,949    $  140,423  Marketable securities  -  357,143  $  22,949    $  497,566  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  $  3,356,916    $  3,629,380  Due to related party  2,744,510  810,206  Holdback payable  511,238  511,238  Lease liabilities  179,412  448,064  Loans and borrowings  340,469  -  $  7,132,545    $  5,398,888   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Based on the above net exposures as at December 31, 2023, assuming that all other variables remain constant, a 5% appreciation or deterioration of the  USD  against  the  GBP  would  result  in  a  corresponding  increase  or  decrease,  respectively  on  the  Company's  net  income  of  approximately $17,000 (2022 - $13,000), EUR - $236,000 (2022 - $256,000) and CAD - $268,000 (2022 - $181,000).

## (b) Credit risk

Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a partner or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual obligation and arises  principally  from  the  Company's  cash  and  accounts  receivable. The  carrying  amounts  of  the  financial  assets  represents  the  maximum  credit exposure. The Company limits its exposure to credit risk on cash by placing these financial instruments with high-credit quality financial institutions.

At December 31, 2023, the Company was subject to a concentration of credit risk related to its accounts receivable as 81% (2022 - 85% from one customer) of the balance of amounts owing is from four customers. As at December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a bad debt expense of $332,715, within general and administrative expenses, as the amounts were deemed not collectible from the customer. The Company did not record any bad debt expense  during  the  year  ended  December  31,  2023. As  at  December  31,  2023  and  2022,  the  expected  credit  lifetime  credit  losses  for  accounts receivable aged as current were nominal amounts. The Company considers a financial asset in default when internal or external information indicates that  the  Company  is  unlikely  to  receive  the  outstanding  contractual  amounts  in  full. A  financial  asset  is  written  off  when  there  is  no  reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.

## (c) Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they come due. The Company manages its liquidity risk by continuously monitoring forecasted and actual cash flows, as well as anticipated investing and financing activities and to ensure that it will have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities and commitments when due and to fund future operations. The Company's trade and other payables are due within the current operating year.

## 20. Capital Management

The Company manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it, based on the funds available to the Company, in order to continue the business of the Company. The Company, upon approval from its Board of Directors, will balance its overall capital structure through new share and warrant issuances, granting of stock options, the issuance of debt or by undertaking other activities as deemed appropriate under the specific circumstance. The Board of Directors does not establish a quantitative return on capital criteria for management, but rather relies on the expertise of the Company's management to sustain future development of the business.

The Company's objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Company's ability to continue as a going concern and to provide capital to pursue the  development  and  commercialization  of  its  products.  In  the  management  of  capital,  the  Company  includes  cash,  long-term  debt  and  capital.  The Company  manages  the  capital  structure  and  makes  adjustments  to  it  in  light  of  changes  in  economic  conditions  and  the  risk  characteristics  of  the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Company may attempt to issue new shares or new debt.

At  the  current  stage  of  the  Company's  development,  in  order  to  maximize  its  current  business  activities,  the  Company  does  not  pay  out  dividends. Management reviews its capital management approach on an ongoing basis and believes that this approach, given the relative size of the Company, is reasonable.

The Company's overall strategy with respect to capital risk management remains unchanged for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022.

## 21. Segmented Information

The Company has three reportable segments: Cultivation, Distribution &amp; Corporate. Cultivating activities which comprise the 'cultivation' segment are made up of the medical cannabis cultivation operations at RPK/Holigen in Portugal, and medical cannabis cultivation activities which were undertaken at Bophelo Bio Science &amp; Wellness (Pty) Ltd. in Lesotho up until the loss of control event which occurred in July 2022 when the liquidation of Bophelo Bio Science and Wellness (Pty) Ltd was ordered by the High Court of Lesotho (refer to note 5). Distributing activities relate to the distribution of medical cannabis  by  Canmart  Ltd  in  the  United  Kingdom.  Corporate  activities  entail  head  office  costs  and  other  general  corporate  expenses  related  to  the administration of the broader group. The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies. The reportable segments have been determined by management on the basis that these are strategic business units that offer different products and services. The business units in Portugal and Lesotho (up until the loss of control event described in note 5) which fall under the cultivation segment are focused on the cultivation of medical cannabis and medical cannabis biomass respectively, while the business unit in the United Kingdom, which  falls  under  the  distribution  segment,  undertakes  the  sale  and  distribution  of  medical  cannabis  products.  The  corporate  segment  undertakes management and treasury services within the group and for the benefit of all group companies. They are managed separately as each business unit requires different strategies, risk management and technologies.

Set out below is information about the assets and liabilities as at December 31, 2023 and 2022 and profit or loss from each segment for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022:

| As at December 31, 2023  Financial statement line item:  Cultivation  Distribution  Corporate  Total  Reportable segment assets  $  7,421,320    $  831,714    $  586,959    $  8,839,993  Reportable segment liabilities  5,949,793  1,314,705  5,404,387  12,668,885   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Akanda Corp. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Expressed in United States Dollars)

## 21. Segmented Information (continued)

| As at December 31, 2022  Financial statement line item:  Cultivation  Distribution  Corporate  Total  Reportable segment assets  $  37,392,401    $  819,376    $  785,000    $  38,996,777  Reportable segment liabilities  6,961,243  1,146,980  3,988,393  12,096,616   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| For the year ended December 31, 2023  Financial statement line item:  Cultivation  Distribution  Corporate  Total  Revenues from external customers  $  1,736,369    $  423,683    $  -  $  2,160,052  Intersegment revenues  -  -  -  -  Other income (expense)  (23,026,728)  117,785  940,863  (21,968,080)  Finance income  -  39  -  39  Finance expense  (134,260)  (14,638)  (106,758)  (255,656)  Depreciation &amp; amortization  4,074,548  3,759  205,424  4,283,731  Discontinued operations  -  -  -  -  Reportable segment income (loss)  (29,566,625)  (355,688)  (2,352,757)  (32,275,070)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| For the year ended December 31, 2022  Financial statement line item:  Cultivation  Distribution  Corporate  Total  Revenues from external customers  $  2,517,904    $  101,778    $  -  $  2,619,682  Intersegment revenues  -  -  -  -  Other expense  13,348,562  (3,532)  (1,289,652)  12,055,378  Finance income  -  886  -  886  Finance expense  (84,686)  (49)  (30,589)  (115,324)  Depreciation &amp; amortization  3,507,013  2,546  88,764  3,598,323  Discontinued operations  (3,422,225)  -  -  (3,422,225)  Reportable segment loss  3,974,069  (8,089,036)  (7,542,707)  (11,657,674)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Set out below are reconciliations of each reportable segment's revenues, profit or loss for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, and assets and liabilities as at December 31, 2023 and 2022:

| For the year ended December 31, 2023  Revenues  Cultivation  Distribution  Corporate  Total  Total revenues  $  1,736,369    $  423,683    $  -  $  2,160,052  Elimination of inter segment revenue  -  -  -  -  Total revenue  $  1,736,369    $  423,683    $  -  $  2,160,052   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| For the year ended December 31, 2022  Revenues  Cultivation  Distribution  Corporate  Total  Total revenues  $  2,517,904    $  101,778    $  -  $  2,619,682  Elimination of inter segment revenue  -  -  -  -  Total revenue  $  2,517,904    $  101,778    $  -  $  2,619,682   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| For the year ended December 31, 2023  Loss  Cultivation  Distribution  Corporate  Total  Total loss for reportable segments  $  (29,566,625)   $  (355,688)   $  (2,352,757)   $  (32,275,070)  Total loss on discontinued operations  -  -  -  -  Elimination of inter segment profit or loss  -  -  -  -  Loss before income tax expense  $  (29,566,625)   $  (355,688)   $  (2,352,757)   $  (32,275,070)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Akanda Corp. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Expressed in United States Dollars)

## 21. Segmented Information (continued)

| For the year ended December 31, 2022  Loss  Cultivation  Distribution  Corporate  Total  Total profit or loss for reportable segments  $  7,396,294    $  (8,089,036)   $  (7,542,707)   $  (8,235,449)  Total loss on discontinued operations  (3,422,225)  -  -  (3,422,225)  Elimination of inter segment profit or loss  -  -  -  -  Income (Loss) before income tax expense  $  3,974,069    $  (8,089,036)   $  (7,542,707)   $  (11,657,674)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| As at December 31, 2023  Assets  Cultivation  Distribution  Corporate  Total  Total assets for reportable segments  $  7,421,320    $  19,962,714    $  13,716,171    $  41,100,205  Elimination of inter segment assets  -  (19,131,000)  (13,129,212)  (32,260,212)  Segments' assets  $  7,421,320    $  831,714    $  586,959    $  8,839,993   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| As at December 31, 2022  Assets  Cultivation  Distribution  Corporate  Total  Total assets for reportable segments  $  37,392,401    $  19,950,376    $  13,914,212    $  71,256,989  Elimination of inter segment assets  -  (19,131,000)  (13,129,212)  (32,260,212)  Segments' assets  $  37,392,401    $  819,376    $  785,000    $  38,996,777   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| As at December 31, 2023  Liabilities  Cultivation  Distribution  Corporate  Total  Total liabilities for reportable segments  $  16,163,821    $  31,223,085    $  (25,505,597)   $  21,881,309  Elimination of inter segment liabilities  (10,214,029)  (29,908,380)  30,909,985  (9,212,424)  Entity's liabilities  $  5,949,792    $  1,314,705    $  5,404,388    $  12,668,885   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| As at December 31, 2022  Liabilities  Cultivation  Distribution  Corporate  Total  Total liabilities for reportable segments  $  16,032,790    $  29,335,641    $  (26,121,029)   $  19,247,402  Elimination of inter segment liabilities  (9,071,547)  (28,188,661)  30,109,422  (7,150,786)  Entity's liabilities  $  6,961,243    $  1,146,980    $  3,988,393    $  12,096,616   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22. Contingencies

On October 20, 2022, Louisa Mojela filed a claim against Canmart and the Company for wrongful termination of her Service Agreement. The claimant sought £1,832,150.62 plus further administrative and legal fees. The Company denied her claim and lodged a counterclaim lodged for losses caused by the Claimant including a loan of US $6,849,935.69 (The loan we cited in the proceedings was US$3,000,000) Akanda advanced to Bophelo. On January 31, 2023,  Mojela  applied  for  summary  judgment  in  respect  of  some  but  not  all  of  these  amounts.  On  October  30,  2023,  Mojela's  entire  application  for summary judgment failed. On January 15, 2024 a consequentials hearing was held at which the High Court subsequently awarded Akanda and Canmart £60,000 for legal costs. On February 5, 2024, Mojela sought permission to appeal of the summary judgment decision but her application for permission to appeal was refused on April 11, 2024. On April 17, 2024, Mojela applied for a hearing to renew her application to appeal. In the meanwhile proceedings are stayed as parties await the results of this hearing.

On April 29, 2023, Trevor Scott, former CFO of the Company, issued a claim against the Company for amounts owing under his employment agreement totaling £420,659.95. Claim has been denied in its entirety and a counter-claim lodged for losses caused by the Claimant. The final hearing conflicts with Mojela's Consequentials hearing and thus the Company has applied to postpone it. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the parties entered into an agreement to settle this dispute for a sum if £67,392 to be paid in installment, which is currently recorded under due to related parties account (note 16).

## 22. Contingencies (continued)

On May 12, 2023, Tejinder Virk, former CEO of the Company, issued a claim for Detriment and dismissal for alleged protected disclosures  totaling £1,630,302.22 net. The claim has been denied in its entirely. Witness statements were exchanged on April 30, 2024 and the Tribunal hearing is scheduled to take place by video between May 8-10, 13-17 and 20 - 22, 2024.

On  May  15,  2023,  Vidya  Iyer,  the  Company's  former  SVP  of  Finance  issued  a  claim  for  amounts  owing  under  her  employment  agreement  totaling £151,774. Claim has been denied in its entirety and a counter-claim lodged for losses caused by the Claimant. Final hearing by video is slated between April 3, 2024 to April 5, 2024. Claimant updated her schedule of loss on December 19, 2023. Documents to be exchanged by January 8, 2024 with bundle to  be  produced  by  January  29,  2024. Witness  statements  to  be  exchanged  by  March  18,  2024.  Subsequent  to  the  year  ended  December  31,  2023,  the Company entered into a settlement agreement with Vidya Iyer to settle this dispute for a sum of £30,000 to be paid in installment (note 23).

Subsequent to the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company's former CFO filed a claim against the Company for unpaid CFO fees and invoices from the period December 2022 through November 2023 (note 23).

## 23. Subsequent Events

Subsequent to the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company:

- i. Completed a Share Purchase Agreement for Sale of RPK

On April 1, 2024, pursuant to the signed definitive Share Purchase Agreement and Escrow Agreement with Somai Pharmaceuticals Ltd. ('Somai') on February 29, 2024, the Company completed the transaction with Somai for the sale of RPK, its indirect wholly-owned Portuguese subsidiary.

Under  the  terms  of  the  Share  Purchase  Agreement,  Somai  acquired  RPK  for  a  total  cash  consideration  of  Two  Million  United  States  Dollars ($2,000,000). In addition, Somai assumed up to One Million Euros of current liabilities and RPK's debt with the senior secured lender Bank, Caixa Agricola. In total, Somai assumed approximately 4,000,000 Euros of debt. In accordance with the agreement, a deposit of Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars ($500,000) was released from a joint escrow account and the remainder of the purchase price was paid directly to the Company in March 2024.

In connection with the closing, the Company paid a cash finder's fee of 5% of the gross sales price or an aggregate of $446,250, inclusive of taxes to Cannera Holdings LTD, a British Columbia company.

## ii. Issued the following shares:

- a. On February 2, 2024, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Corbo Capital Inc. pursuant to which the Company issued 280,851 common shares at a purchase price of $0.406 per share and 1,462,991 pre-funded warrants for gross proceeds of $708,000. The purchase price of each pre-funded warrant is equal to the price at which one common share is sold in the offering, minus $0.0001, and the exercise price of each pre-funded warrant is $0.0001 per share. The pre-funded warrants were immediately exercisable and may be exercised at any time until all of the pre-funded warrants are exercised in full, subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations as set forth in the pre-funded warrant. On the same day, the Company issued 560,100 commons shares pursuant the exercise of 560,100 pre-funded warrants.
- b. On February 13, 2024, the Company issued 560,000 commons shares pursuant the exercise of 560,000 pre-funded warrants.
- c. On February 20, 2024, the Company issued 280,000 commons shares pursuant the exercise of 280,000 pre-funded warrants.
- d. On February 28, 2024, the Company issued 62,891 commons shares pursuant the exercise of the remaining 62,891 pre-funded warrants.

## 23. Subsequent Events (continued)

- e. On March 4, 2024, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain investors pursuant to which the Company issued 367,870 common shares at a purchase price of $0.2054 per share and 361,972 pre-funded warrants for gross proceeds of $150,000. The purchase price of each pre-funded warrant is equal to the price at which one common share is sold in the offering, minus $0.0001, and the exercise price of each pre-funded warrant is $0.0001 per share. The pre-funded warrants were immediately exercisable and may be exercised at any time until all of the pre-funded warrants are exercised in full, subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations as set forth in the pre-funded warrant.

On the same day, the Company issued 361,972 commons shares pursuant the exercise of 361,972 pre-funded warrants.

- f. On March 5, 2024, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain investors pursuant to which the Company issued 367,870  common  shares  at  a  purchase  price  of  $0.16872  per  share  and  373,002  pre-funded  warrants  for  gross  proceeds  of  $125,000.    The purchase  price  of  each  pre-funded  warrant  is  equal  to  the  price  at  which  one  common  share  is  sold  in  the  offering,  minus  $0.0001,  and  the exercise price of each pre-funded warrant is $0.0001 per share. The pre-funded warrants were immediately exercisable and may be exercised at any time until all of the pre-funded warrants are exercised in full, subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations as set forth in the pre-funded warrant.

On March 6, 2024, the Company issued 373,002 commons shares pursuant the exercise of 373,002 pre-funded warrants.

- g. On  March  24,  2024,  the  Company  entered  into  an  underwriting  agreement  with  Univest  Securities,  LLC  ('Univest')  as  the  underwriter  in connection with the issuance and sale by the Company in an underwritten public offering of 3,087,443 common shares at a purchase price of $0.1217 per share and 37,997,190 pre-funded warrants for gross proceeds of $5,000,000. The purchase price of each pre-funded warrant is equal to the price at which one common share is sold in the offering, minus $0.0001, and the exercise price of each pre-funded warrant is $0.0001 per share. The pre-funded warrants are immediately exercisable and may be exercised at any time until all of the pre-funded warrants are exercised in full,  subject  to  certain  beneficial  ownership  limitations  as  set  forth  in  the  pre-funded  warrant. As  of April  30,  2024,  17,911,956  pre-funded warrants remained unexercised.

## iii. Received the following loans:

- a. On January 10, 2024, the Company received a loan of CAD $40,000 from 1226053 BC Ltd., an arm's length party. The loan is unsecured, bears interest of 7% per annum and payable within 12 months.
- b. On January 10, 2024, the Company received a loan of CAD $40,000 from Mercantile Holdings Inc., an arm's length party. The loan is unsecured, bears interest of 7% per annum and payable within 12 months.
- c. On February 1, 2024, the Company received a loan of $5,500 from Alson Niu, an arm's length party. The loan is unsecured, bears interest of 7% per annum and payable within 12 months.

## iv. Outstanding Claims

On January 29, 2024, the Company was informed that Mr. Shailesh Bhushan, the former Chief Financial Officer of the Company, filed a complaint with the Employment Standards Branch of British Columbia claiming unpaid salary and invoices in the aggregate amount of CAD $271,990 from the period December 2022 through November 2023. The Company previously offered to Mr. Bhushan an annual salary of CAD $60,000 and as such, believes the claim to be frivolous, strongly disputes the amount claimed, and intends to vigorously defend itself.

On March 27, 2024, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with Vidya Iyer, the former SVP of Finance to settle the claims for a sum of £30,000 to be paid in installment.

On April 24, 2024, Mr. Harvinder Singh resigned as an independent director of the Board of Directors of the Company. A Resignation and Mutual Release Agreement dated April 24, 2024 was entered between the Company and Mr. Singh, pursuant to which the Company agreed to pay Harvinder Singh a separation and release amount of $50,000. The Company has paid the amount in full on April 25, 2024.

- v. Incorporated a new subsidiary

On February 28, 2024, the Company incorporated a new subsidiary - 1468243 B.C. Ltd.

## ITEM 19. EXHIBITS

The following exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 20-F:

## EXHIBIT INDEX

| Incorporated by Reference  Exhibit  Description  Schedule/  Form  File  Number  Exhibit  File  Date  1.1  Form of Underwriting Agreement  F-1  333-277182  1.1  3/11/24  1.2  Articles of Incorporation of Akanda Corp., dated July 16, 2021.  F-1  001-41324  3.1  2/14/22  1.3  Articles of Amendment of Akanda Corp., dated August 30, 2021.  F-1  001-41324  3.2  2/14/22  1.4  Articles of Amendment of Akanda Corp., dated March 8, 2023.  6-K  000-41324  99.2  3/8/23  1.5  Bylaws of Akanda Corp., dated July 16, 2021.  F-1  001-41324  3.3  2/14/22  2.1#  Description  of  Securities  Registered  under  Section  12  of  the  U.S.  Exchange Act  4.1  Share Purchase Agreement between Akanda Corp. and Halo Collective  Inc. dated September 29, 2021.  F-1  001-41324  2.1  2/14/22  4.2  Share  Purchase Agreement,  dated  as  of April  20,  2022  among Akanda  Corp.,  Cannahealth  Limited,  Holigen  Holdings  Limited  and The  Flowr  Corporation.  6-K  001-41324  2.1  4/27/22  4.3  Form  of  Subscription Agreement  for  The  Flowr  Corporation  Common  Shares.  6-K  001-41324  10.1  4/27/22  4.4  Form  of  Amended  and  Restated  Option  to  Purchase  between  Akanda  Corp. and 1107385 B.C. LTD.  6-K  001-41324  99.1  9/25/23  4.5  Form of Subscription Agreement for Common Shares  F-1  001-41324  10.4  2/14/22  4.6  Off-Take Agreement, dated August 3, 2020, by and between Medcan Ltd.  and Bophelo Bio Science and Wellness (Pty) Ltd.  F-1  001-41324  10.9  2/14/22  4.7  Service,  Refinement  and  Distribution  Agreement,  effective  September  15,  2021,  between  Cantourage  GmbH  and  Bophelo  Bio  Science and Wellness (Pty) Ltd.  F-1  001-41324  10.10  2/14/22  4.8  Service Agreement by and among Akanda Corp. Canmart Limited and  Louisa Mojela dated January 24, 2022  F-1  001-41324  10.12  2/14/22  4.9  Service Agreement by and among Akanda Corp., Canmart Limited and  Trevor Scott dated January 24, 2022.  F-1  001-41324  10.13  2/14/22  4.10+  2021 Equity Incentive Plan  F-1  333-262436  10.1  2/14/22  4.11+  Form of Indemnity Agreement with directors and executive officers.  F-1  001-41324  10.8  2/14/22  4.12  Bridge Loan Facility by and between Akanda Corp. and Cellen Limited  dated December 2, 2021.  F-1  001-41324  10.11  2/14/22  4.13Ω^  Supply  Agreement  between  RPK  Biopharma  Unipessoal,  Lda  and  Cansativa GmbH, dated August 8, 2022.  20-F  001-41324  4.10  5/2/23  4.14Ω^  Retail  License  Agreement  between  Cookies  Creative  Consulting  &amp;  Promotions, Inc. and RPK Biopharma Unipessoal, LDA, dated July 19,  2021.  20-F  001-41324  4.11  5/2/23  4.15Ω^  License  and  Packaging  Agreement  among  Cookies  Creative  Consulting &amp; Promotions, Inc., 1L Botanicals LLC, and RPK Biopharma  Unipessoal, LDA, dated July 19, 2021.  20-F  001-41324  4.12  5/2/23  4.16  Form of Halo Collective Inc. Promissory Note  F-3  333-276577  4.3  1/18/24  4.17  Note Conversion Agreement dated July 25, 2023 between Akanda Corp.  and Halo Collective Inc.  F-1  333-277182  10.14  2/20/24  4.18  Form of Transition Services and Products Agreement between The Flowr  Corporation, RPK Biopharma Unipessoal Lda. And Akanda Corp.  6-K  001-41324  10.2  4/27/22  4.19  Non-Competition Agreement dated April 21, 2022.  6-K  001-41324  10.3  4/27/22  4.20  Form of Standard Promissory Note  F-3  333-276577  4.4  1/18/24   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Incorporated by Reference  Exhibit  Description  Schedule/  Form  File  Number  Exhibit  File  Date  4.20  Form of Standard Promissory Note  F-3  333-276577  4.4  1/18/24  4.21  Form of Securities Purchase Agreement  6-K  001-41325  1.1  2/2/24  4.22  Form of Pre-Funded Warrant  6-K  001-41325  4.1  2/2/24  4.23  Form of Pre-Funded Warrant  F-1  333-277182  10.19  3/11/24  4.24  Form  of  Independent  Contractor  Agreement  between  Akanda  Corp. and Kiranjit Sidhu  F-1  333-277182  10.21  2/20/24  4.25  Non-Binding Letter of Intent between Akanda Corp. and Somai  Pharmaceuticals Ltd.  F-1  333-277182  10.23  2/20/24  4.26  Amendment  No.  1  to  Non-Binding  Letter  of  Intent  between  Akanda Corp. and Somai Pharmaceuticals Ltd.  F-1  333-277182  10.24  2/20/24  4.27  Share  Purchase  Agreement  dated  February  28,  2024  by  and  among Akanda Corp. Holigan Limited, Cannahealth Limited and  Somai Pharmaceuticals Unipessoal, LDA.  6-K  001-41325  99.2  2/29/24  4.28  Escrow  Agreement  dated  February  28,  2024  by  and  among  Akanda  Corp.,  Somai  Pharmaceuticals  Unipessoal,  LDA.  and  Lawson Lundell LLP  6-K  001-41325  99.3  2/29/24  4.29  Finder's  Fee  Agreement  dated  June  12,  2021  by  and  between  Akanda Corp. and Cannera Holdings Ltd.  F-1  333-277182  10.25  3/11/24  4.30  Consulting Agreement with IR Agency LLC  6-K  001-41324  10.1  3/28/24  4.31#  2024 Equity Incentive Plan  4.32#  Resignation and Mutual Release Agreement dated April 24, 2024  between the Company and Harvinder Singh  4.33#Ω^  Settlement  Agreement  by  and  among  Canmart  Ltd,  Akanda  Corp. and Trevor Scott dated January 15, 2024  8.1#  List of Significant Subsidiaries of Akanda Corp.  11.1  Code of Business Conduct and Ethics of Akanda Corp.  F-1  001-41324  14.1  2/14/22  11.2  Whistleblower Policy of Akanda Corp.  F-1  001-41324  14.2  2/14/22  11.3  Related Party Transactions Policy of Akanda Corp.  F-1  001-41324  14.3  2/14/22  11.4#  Insider Trading Policy  12.1#  Certification of the Chief Executive Officer as required by Rule  13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  12.2#  Certification of the Chief Financial Officer as required by Rule  13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  13.1#  Certification of Chief Executive Officer as required by Rule 13a-  14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  13.2#  Certification of Chief Financial Officer as required by Rule 13a-  14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  15.1#  Consent of Green Growth CPAs, independent registered public  accounting firm.  97.1#  Akanda Corp. Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy  101.INS#  Inline XBRL Instance Document.  101.CAL#  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase  Document.  101.SCH#  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.  101.DEF#  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase  Document.  101.LAB#  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document.  101.PRE#  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase  Document.  104#  Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and  contained in Exhibit 101).   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

+ Indicates management contract or compensatory plan.

# Filed herewith.

Ω Certain portions of this exhibit (indicated by '[***]') have been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item (601)(b)(10).

^ Certain of the exhibits and schedules to this exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5). The Company agrees to furnish a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request.

In  accordance  with  SEC  Release  Nos.  33-8238  and  34-47986,  Final  Rule:  Management's  Reports  on  Internal  Control  Over  Financial  Reporting  and Certification of Disclosure in Exchange Act Periodic Reports, and the instruction to Form 20-F, the certifications furnished in Exhibit 13.1 and Exhibit 13.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Annual Report on Form 20-F and will not be deemed 'filed' for purpose of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certifications will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate them by reference.

## SIGNATURES

The registrant hereby certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form 20-F and that it has duly caused and authorized the undersigned to sign this annual report on its behalf.

| Akanda Corp.  /s/ Katie Field  By:  Katie Field  Title:  Interim Chief Executive Officer and Director  Date: May 1, 2024  71   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

As of April 30, 2024, Akanda Corp. (the 'Company', 'we', 'us' and 'our') had the following series of securities that were outstanding and registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act:

| Title of each class  Trading symbol  Name of each exchange on which registered  Common Shares, no par value  AKAN  The Nasdaq Capital Market   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Description of Common Shares (Items 9.A.3, 9.A.5, 9.A.6, 9.A.7, 10.B.3, 10.B.4, 10.B.6, 10.B.7, 10.B.8, 10.B.9 and 10.B.10 of Form 20-F)

## General

The  Company's Articles  of  Incorporation  dated  as  of  July  16,  2021,  as  amended  by Articles  of Amendment  dated  as  of August  30,  2021,  and  as  further amended by Articles  of Amendment  dated  as  of  March  8,  2023  (collectively,  the  'Articles'),  provide  that  our  authorized  capital  consists  of  an  unlimited number of Common Shares, and an unlimited number of preferred shares (the 'Preferred Shares'), issuable in series.

## Rights, Preferences and Restrictions Attaching to Each Class of the Shares

The Company has Common Shares issued and outstanding with no par value, and no Preferred Shares issued and outstanding.

## Fully Paid and Non-assessable

All outstanding Common Shares are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

## Resale Restrictions

Our Articles do not impose restrictions on the transfer of Common Shares by a shareholder.

## Pre-Emptive Rights

Our Common Shares do not contain any pre-emptive purchase rights to any of our securities.

## Rights, Preferences and Restrictions Attaching to Our Common Shares

The Articles provide the following rights, privileges, restrictions and conditions attaching to our Common Shares:

- to  vote  at  any  meetings  of  shareholders,  except  meetings  at  which  only  holders  of  a  specified  class  of  shares  other  than  the  Common  Shares  are entitled to vote separately as a class at such meeting;
- subject to the prior rights of the holders of the Preferred Shares, to share equally in the remaining assets of our Company on liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of our Company; and
- subject to the prior rights of the holders of the Preferred Shares, the Common Shares are entitled to receive dividends if, as, and when declared by the Board of Directors.

The holders of Common Shares are entitled to receive notice of and to attend meetings of our shareholders and are entitled to one vote in respect of each Common Share held at the record date for each such meeting, except a meeting of holders of a particular class of shares other than Common Shares who are entitled to vote separately as a class at such meeting. Subject to the prior rights of the holders of the Preferred Shares, the holders of Common Shares are entitled, at the discretion of our Board of Directors, to receive out of any assets at the time properly applicable to the payment of dividends, any dividend declared  by  our  Board  of  Directors  and  payable  by  the  Company  on  the  Common  Shares.  The  holders  of  the  Common  Shares  will  participate  in  any distribution of the assets of the Company upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up or other distribution of the assets of the Company among shareholders for the purposes of winding-up its affairs, subject to the prior rights of the holder of the Preferred Shares.

## Securities other than Common Shares

Other than our Common Shares, no other securities of the Company are traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market.

## Company's Objects and Purposes

The Company (Ontario Corporation No. 2854618) can engage in any legal activity permitted under the Business Corporations Act (Ontario). As set forth in Item 5 of our Articles, there are no restrictions on the business we may carry on or on the powers we may exercise.

## Directors Conflict of Interests

As set forth in section 5.12 of the By-laws, and pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Business Corporations Act (Ontario), a director of the Company who is  a  party  to,  or  who  is  a  director  or  an  officer  of  or  has  a  material  interest  in  any  person  who is a party to, a material contract or transaction or proposed material contract or transaction with the Company shall disclose to the Company the nature and extent of that interest at the time and in the manner provided by the Business Corporations Act (Ontario). No such director shall attend any part of a meeting of the board during which the contract or transaction is discussed or vote on any resolution to approve the contract or transaction except in accordance with the Business Corporations Act (Ontario). If no quorum exists for the purpose of voting on a resolution to approve a contract or transaction only because a director is not permitted to be present at the meeting, the remaining directors will be deemed to constitute a quorum for the purposes of voting on the resolution.

## Borrowing Power

As set forth in section 3.1 of the By-laws, without limiting the powers of the Board of Directors as set forth in the Business Corporations Act (Ontario), unless the Articles,  By-laws or any unanimous shareholder agreement otherwise provides, the Board may, from time to time, on behalf of the Company, without authorization of the shareholders:

- (a) borrow money upon the credit of the Company;
- (b) issue, reissue, sell or pledge debt obligations of the Company;
- (c) give a guarantee on behalf of the Company to secure performance of any person; and
- (d) mortgage, hypothecate, pledge, or otherwise create a security interest in all or any property of the Company, owned or subsequently acquired, to secure any obligation of the Company.

Unless the Articles, By-laws or any unanimous shareholder agreement otherwise provides, the Board may by resolution delegate any or all of the powers referred to in section 3.1 of the By-laws to a director, a committee of the Board or an officer of the Company.

There are no provisions in the Articles or By-laws with respect to: (a) the directors' power, in the absence of an independent quorum, to vote compensation to themselves; (b) retirement or non-retirement of directors under an age limit requirement; or (c) the number of shares required for a director's qualification.

## Limitations on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors

In accordance with, and subject to, the Business Corporations Act (Ontario) and pursuant to the by-laws of the Company, subject to certain conditions, the Company shall indemnify a director or officer, a former director or officer, or another individual who acts or acted at the Company's request as a director or officer, or an individual acting in a similar capacity, of another entity, against all costs, charges and expenses, including any amount paid to settle an action or satisfy  a  judgment,  reasonably  incurred  by  the  individual  in  respect  of  any  civil,  criminal,  administrative,  investigative  or  other  proceeding  in  which  the individual is involved because of that association with the Company or other entity.

The Company shall not indemnify an individual unless the individual:

- acted honestly and in good faith with a view to the best interests of the Company or, as the case may be, to the best interests of the other entity for which the individual acted as a director or officer or in a similar capacity at the Company's request; and
- in the case of a criminal or administration action or proceeding enforced by a monetary penalty, had reasonable grounds to believe the conduct was lawful.

The Company shall also indemnify an individual referred to above in such other circumstances as the Business Corporations Act (Ontario) permits or requires. Nothing in the by-laws of the Company limits the right of any individual entitled to indemnify to claim indemnity apart from the provisions therein.

## Action Necessary to Change the Rights of Holders of Shares

Pursuant to Section 9.16.5 of the By-laws, subject to the Business Corporations Act (Ontario) , the Articles and any unanimous shareholder agreement, every question at any meeting of shareholders will be determined by a majority of the votes cast on the question. In case of an equality of votes, either on a show of hands or on a ballot, the chair of the meeting will not be entitled to a second or casting vote.

## Shareholder Meeting

The Business Corporations Act (Ontario) provides that: (i) subject to the Articles and any unanimous shareholder agreement, a meeting of shareholders shall be held at such place in or outside Ontario as the directors determine or, in the absence of such a determination, at the place where the registered office of our Company is located; (ii) directors must call an annual meeting of shareholders not later than 18 months after the date of incorporation and, subsequently, not later than 15 months after the last preceding annual meeting; (iii) for the purpose of determining shareholders entitled to receive notice of or vote at meetings of shareholders, the directors may fix in advance a date as the record date for that determination, provided that such date shall not precede by more than 60 days or by less than 30 days, the date on which the meeting is to be held; (iv) the holders of not less than 5% of the issued shares entitled to vote at a meeting may requisition the directors to call a meeting of shareholders for the purposes stated in the requisition; and (v) if for any reasons it impracticable to call a meeting of  shareholders  in  the  matter  in  which  it  may  be  called  or  to  conduct  the  meeting  in  the  matter  prescribed  by  the  by-laws,  the Articles  or  the Business Corporations Act (Ontario),  or  for  any  other  reason  the  court  thinks  fit,  the  court,  upon  the  application  of  a  director  or  shareholder  entitled  to  vote  at  the meeting, may order a meeting to be called, held and conducted in a manner that the court directs. The Company's by-laws provide that a quorum is met when at least  two  persons  present  in  person  and  holding  or  representing  by  proxy  not  less  than  10%  of  the  votes  attached  to  all  shares  entitled  to  be  voted  at  the meeting.

The holders of our Common Shares are entitled to attend and vote at all meetings of the shareholders of the Company, except a meeting of holders of a particular class of shares other than the Common Shares who are entitled to vote separately as a class at such meeting.

## Limitations on the Rights to Own Securities

Subject to the Business Corporations Act (Ontario),  the Articles,  and  any  unanimous shareholder agreement, shares in the capital of the Company may be issued at such time and to such persons and for such consideration as the Board of Directors may determine. No share may be issued until the consideration for the share is fully paid as provided for in the Business Corporations Act (Ontario).

## Delaying, Deferring or Preventing a Change in Control of the Company

No provisions of the Company's Articles or Bylaws that would have an effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of the company and that would operate only with respect to a merger, acquisition or corporate restructuring involving the Company (or any of its subsidiaries).

## Threshold Above Which Shareholder Ownership Must Be Disclosed

There are no By-law provisions requiring disclosure of share ownership.

## Difference in Corporate Law

Other than with respect to the Company holding shares in itself or a subsidiary of the Company holding shares of the Company, there are no limitations under our Articles or in the Business Corporations Act (Ontario) on the rights to own our securities, including the rights of non-resident or foreign shareholders to hold or exercise voting rights on our securities, except that the Investment Canada Act (Canada) may require that a 'non-Canadian' not acquire 'control' of the Company without prior review and approval by the Minister of Innovation, Science and Economic Development, if the applicable net benefit review threshold were to be exceeded and the Company were to meet the definition of 'Canadian business' under the Investment Canada Act (Canada). If the Company were to meet  the  definition  of  a  Canadian  business  under  the  Investment  Canada Act  (Canada),  the  acquisition  of  one-third  or  more  of  the  voting  shares  of  the Company would give rise a rebuttable presumption of the acquisition of control, and the acquisition of more than fifty percent of the voting shares of the Company would be deemed to be an acquisition of control. In addition, the Investment Canada Act (Canada) provides the Canadian government with broad discretionary powers in relation to national security to review and potentially prohibit, condition or require the divestiture of, any investment in the Company by a non-Canadian, including non-control level investments. 'Non-Canadian' generally means an individual who is neither a Canadian citizen nor a permanent resident of Canada within the meaning of the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act (Canada) who has been ordinarily resident in Canada for not more than one year after the time at which he or she first became eligible to apply for Canadian citizenship, or a corporation, partnership, trust or joint venture that is ultimately controlled by non-Canadians. Amendments to the Investment Canada Act (Canada) have been passed by the Canadian government but have not yet come  into  force.  Among  other  things,  the  amendments  will  broaden  and  strengthen  the  national  security  review  provisions  and  require,  under  certain circumstances to be prescribed in regulations that have not yet been published, pre-closing notification of certain foreign investment transactions.

In addition, limitations on the ability to acquire and hold shares of the Company may be imposed by the Competition Act (Canada) (the 'Competition Act'). This legislation grants the Commissioner of Competition jurisdiction, for up to one year, to challenge the acquisition of a significant interest in us before the Competition Tribunal if the Commissioner believes that it would, or would be likely to, result in a substantial lessening or prevention of competition in any market in Canada. The Competition Act requires that any person proposing to acquire any of the assets in Canada of an operating business file a notification with the Competition Bureau where specified 'size of the parties' and 'size of the transaction' thresholds are exceeded. In the case of share acquisitions, an additional 'shareholding threshold' applies. Any person who intends to acquire shares must file a notification with the Competition Bureau if certain financial thresholds are exceeded, and that person would hold more than 20% of our voting shares as a result of the acquisition. If a person already owns 20% or more of our  voting  shares,  a  notification  must  be  filed  when  the  acquisition  would  bring  that  person's  holdings  over  50%.  Where  a  notification  is  required,  the legislation prohibits completion of the acquisition until the expiration of a statutory waiting period or unless the Commissioner provides written notice that he or  she  does  not  intend  to  challenge  the  acquisition. Amendments  to  the  Competition Act  have  been  proposed  but  not  yet  passed. Among  other  things,  the amendments would alter the notification thresholds so as to capture more transactions and extend the Commissioner's window to challenge a transaction to three years from the closing date, instead of the current one, in certain circumstances.

## Additional Conditions Governing Changes in the Capital

None.

## 1. GENERAL.

- (a) Eligible Award Recipients . Employees, Officers, Directors and Consultants are eligible to receive Awards.
- (b) Available Awards .  The  Plan  provides  for  the  grant  of  the  following  types  of Awards:  (i)  Stock  Options,  and  (ii)  Restricted  Share  Unit Awards.
- (c) Purpose .  The  Plan,  through  the  grant  of  Awards,  is  intended  to  help  the  Corporation  secure  and  retain  the  services  of  eligible  award recipients, provide incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the Corporation and any Affiliate and provide a means by which the eligible recipients may benefit from increases in value of the Common Shares.

## 2. ADMINISTRATION.

- (a) Administration by the Board . The Board will administer the Plan. The Board may delegate administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees, as provided in Section 2(c).
- (b) Powers of the Board . The Board will have the power, subject to, and within the limitations of, the express provisions of the Plan:
- (i) To determine (A) who will be granted Awards; (B) when and how each Award will be granted; (C) what type of Award will be granted; (D) the provisions of each Award (which need not be identical), including when a person will be permitted to exercise or otherwise receive cash or Common Shares under the Award; (E) the number of Common Shares subject to, or the cash value of, an Award.
- (ii) To  construe  and  interpret  the  Plan  and  Awards  granted  under  it,  and  to  establish,  amend  and  revoke  rules  and  regulations  for administration  of  the  Plan  and  Awards.  The  Board,  in  the  exercise  of  these  powers,  may  correct  any  defect,  omission  or inconsistency in the Plan or in any Award Agreement, in a manner and to the extent it will deem necessary or expedient to make the Plan or Award fully effective.
- (iii) To settle all controversies regarding the Plan and Awards granted under it.
- (iv) To accelerate, in whole or in part, the time at which an Award may be exercised or vest (or the time at which cash or Common Shares may be issued in settlement thereof).
- (v) To suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or an Award Agreement, suspension or termination of the Plan will not impair a Participant's rights under the Participant's then-outstanding Award without the Participant's written consent except as provided in subsection (viii) below.

## AKANDA CORP.

## 2024 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

## ADOPTED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS: FEBRUARY 26, 2024

- (vi) To amend the Plan in any respect the Board deems necessary or advisable, including, without limitation, by adopting amendments relating to Incentive Stock Options and certain nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code and/or bringing the Plan or Awards granted under the Plan into compliance with the requirements for Incentive Stock Options or ensuring that they are  exempt  from,  or  compliant  with,  the  requirements  for  nonqualified  deferred  compensation  under  Section  409A  of  the  Code, subject to the limitations, if any, of applicable law. If required by applicable law or listing requirements, and except as provided in Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the Corporation will seek shareholder approval of any amendment of the Plan that (A) materially increases the number of Common Shares available for issuance under the Plan, (B) materially expands the class of individuals eligible to receive Awards under the Plan, (C) materially increases the benefits accruing to Participants under the Plan, (D) materially reduces the price at which Common Shares may be issued or purchased under the Plan, (E) materially extends the term of the Plan, or (F) materially expands the types of Awards available for issuance under the Plan. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or an Award Agreement, no amendment of the Plan will materially impair a Participant's rights under an outstanding Award without the Participant's written consent.
- (vii) To submit any amendment to the Plan for shareholder approval, including, but not limited to, amendments to the Plan intended to satisfy the requirements of (A) Section 422 of the Code regarding Incentive Stock Options.
- (viii) To approve forms of Award Agreements for use under the Plan and to amend the terms of any one or more Awards, including, but not limited to, amendments to provide terms more favorable to the Participant than previously provided in the Award Agreement, subject to any specified limits in the Plan that are not subject to Board discretion; provided however, that a Participant's rights under any Award will not be impaired by any such amendment unless (A) the Corporation requests the consent of the affected Participant, and (B) such Participant consents in writing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (1) a Participant's rights will not be deemed to have been impaired by any such amendment if the Board, in its sole discretion, determines that the amendment, taken as a whole, does not materially impair the Participant's rights, and (2) subject to the limitations of applicable law, if any, the Board may amend the terms of any one or more Awards without the affected Participant's consent (A) to maintain the qualified status of the Award as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code; (B) to change the terms of an Incentive Stock Option, if such change results in impairment of the Award solely because it impairs the qualified status of the Award as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code; (C) to clarify the manner of exemption from, or to bring the Award into compliance with, Section 409A of the Code; or (D) to comply with other applicable laws or listing requirements.
- (ix) Generally, to exercise such powers and to perform such acts as the Board deems necessary or expedient to promote the best interests of the Corporation and that are not in conflict with the provisions of the Plan or Awards.

- (x) To adopt such procedures and sub-plans as are necessary or appropriate to permit participation in the Plan by Employees, Officers, Directors or Consultants who are foreign nationals or employed outside the United States (provided that Board approval will not be necessary for immaterial modifications to the Plan or any Award Agreement that are required for compliance with the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction).
- (xi) To effect, with the consent of any adversely affected Participant, (A) the reduction of the exercise, purchase or strike price of any outstanding Award; (B) the cancellation of any outstanding Award and the grant in substitution therefor of a new (1) Option, (2) Restricted Share Unit Award, and/or (3) Other Award, determined by the Board, in its sole discretion, with any such substituted award covering the same or a different number of Common Shares as the cancelled Award and granted under the Plan or another equity  or  compensatory  plan  of  the  Corporation;  or  (C)  any  other  action  that  is  treated  as  a  repricing  under  generally  accepted accounting principles.

## (c) Delegation to Committee.

- (i) General . The Board may delegate some or all of the administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees. If administration of the  Plan  is  delegated  to  a  Committee,  the  Committee  will  have,  in  connection  with  the  administration  of  the  Plan,  the  powers theretofore possessed by the Board that have been delegated to the Committee, including the power to delegate to a subcommittee of the Committee any of the administrative powers the Committee is authorized to exercise (and references in this Plan to the Board will thereafter be to the Committee or subcommittee, as applicable). Any delegation of administrative powers will be reflected in resolutions, not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, adopted from time to time by the Board or Committee (as applicable). The  Committee  may,  at  any  time,  abolish  the  subcommittee  and/or  re-vest  in  the  Committee  any  powers  delegated  to  the subcommittee. The Board may retain the authority to concurrently administer the Plan with the Committee and may, at any time, revest in the Board some or all of the powers previously delegated.
- (d) Delegation to an Officer . The Board may delegate to one or more Officers the authority to do one or both of the following: (i) designate Employees who are not Officers to be recipients of Options (and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, other Awards) and, to the extent permitted  by  applicable  law,  the  terms  of  such Awards,  and  (ii)  determine  the  number  of  Common  Shares  to  be  subject  to  such Awards granted  to  such  Employees; provided,  however ,  that  the  Board  resolutions  regarding  such  delegation  will  specify  the  total  number  of Common Shares that may be subject to the Awards granted by such Officer and that such Officer may not grant an Award to himself or herself. Any such Awards will be granted on the form of Award Agreement most recently approved for use by the Committee or the Board, unless otherwise provided in the resolutions approving the delegation authority. The Board may not delegate authority to an Officer who is acting solely in the capacity of an Officer (and not also as a Director) to determine the Market Value pursuant to Section 14(w)(i)B below.
- (e) Effect of Board's Decision . All  determinations, interpretations and constructions made by the Board in good faith will not be subject to review by any person and will be final, binding and conclusive on all persons.

## 3. SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN.

- (a) Share Reserve .  Subject to Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments and any subsequent amendment to this Plan, the aggregate number of shares reserved for issuance pursuant to Awards granted under this Plan, including any Awards granted under previous equity incentive  plans  outstanding  as  of  the  date  of  this  Plan,  shall  not  exceed  30%  of  the  Corporation's  total  issued  and  outstanding  Common Shares from time to time. This Plan is considered an 'evergreen' plan, since the shares covered by Awards which have been exercised or terminated shall be available for subsequent grants under the Plan and the number of Awards available to grant increases as the number of issued and outstanding Common Share increases.
- (b) To the extent any Awards (or portion(s) thereof) under this Plan are exercised, terminate or are cancelled for any reason prior to exercise in full, any shares subject to such Awards (or portion(s) thereof) shall be added back to the number of shares reserved for issuance under this Plan and will again become available for issuance pursuant to the exercise of Awards granted under this Plan.
- (c) Any shares issued by the Corporation through the assumption or substitution of outstanding stock options or other equity-based awards from an acquired company shall not reduce the number of Common Shares available for issuance pursuant to the exercise of Awards granted under this Plan.
- (d) For clarity, the reservation of shares under Section 3(a) is a limitation on the number of Common Shares that may be issued pursuant to the Plan. Accordingly, this Section 3(a) does not limit the granting of any Other Award not involving, whether by election or otherwise, the issuance of Common Shares to the Participant.
- (e) Reversion of Shares to the Share Reserve . If an Award or any portion thereof (i) expires or otherwise terminates without all of the shares covered by such Award having been issued or (ii) is settled in cash ( i.e. ,  the  Participant receives cash rather than stock), such expiration, termination or settlement will not reduce (or otherwise offset) the number of Common Shares that may be available for issuance under the Plan. If any Common Shares issued pursuant to an Award are forfeited back to or repurchased by the Corporation because of the failure to meet a contingency or condition required to vest such shares in the Participant, then the shares that are forfeited or repurchased will revert to and  again  become  available  for  issuance  under  the  Plan.  Any  shares  reacquired  by  the  Corporation  in  satisfaction  of  tax  withholding obligations on an Award or as consideration for the exercise or purchase price of an Award will again become available for issuance under the Plan.
- (f) Source of Shares . The shares issuable under the Plan will be shares of authorized but unissued Common Shares from treasury.

## 4. ELIGIBILITY.

- (a) Eligibility  for  Specific Awards .  Incentive  Stock  Options  may  be  granted  only  to  applicable  employees  of  the  Corporation  or  a  'parent corporation' or 'subsidiary corporation' thereof (as such terms are defined in Sections 424(e) and 424(f) of the Code). Awards other than Incentive Stock Options may be granted to Employees, Officers, Directors and Consultants.

- (b) Ten Percent Shareholders .  A  Ten  Percent  Shareholder  will  not  be  granted  an  Incentive  Stock  Option  unless  the  exercise  price  of  such Option is at least 110% of the Market Value on the date of grant and the Option is not exercisable after the expiration of five years from the date of grant.

## 5. PROVISIONS RELATING TO OPTIONS.

Each Option will  be  in  such  form  and  will  contain  such  terms  and  conditions  as  the  Board  deems  appropriate. All  Options  will  be  separately  designated Incentive Stock Options or Non-Incentive Stock Options at the time of grant, and, if certificates are issued, a separate certificate or certificates will be issued for Common Shares purchased on exercise of each type of Option. If an Option is not specifically designated as an Incentive Stock Option, or if an Option is designated as an Incentive Stock Option but some portion or all of the Option fails to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option under the applicable rules, then the Option (or portion thereof) will be a Non-Incentive Stock Option. The provisions of separate Options need not be identical; provided, however , that each Award Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of provisions hereof by reference in the applicable Award Agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions:

- (a) Term . Subject to the provisions of Section 4(b) regarding Ten Percent Shareholders, no Option will be exercisable after the expiration of 10 years from the date of its grant or such shorter period specified in the Award Agreement.
- (b) Exercise Price . Subject to the provisions of Section 4(b) regarding Ten Percent Shareholders, the exercise or strike price of each Option will be not less than 100% of the Market Value of the Common Shares subject to the Option on the date the Award is granted. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Option may be granted with an exercise or strike price lower than 100% of the Market Value of the Common Shares subject to the Award if such Award is granted pursuant to an assumption of or substitution for another option pursuant to a Corporate Transaction; provided  that  such  grant  is  permitted  under  applicable  Securities  Laws  and  Stock  Exchange  Rules  and,  to  the  extent  relevant  to  the Participant, is made in a manner consistent with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code and, if applicable, Section 424(a) of the Code.
- (c) Purchase Price for Options .  The  purchase price of Common Shares acquired pursuant to the exercise of an Option may be paid, to the extent permitted by applicable law and as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, by any combination of the methods of payment set forth below. The Board will have the authority to grant Options that do not permit all of the following methods of payment (or otherwise restrict  the  ability  to  use  certain  methods)  and  to  grant  Options  that  require  the  consent  of  the  Corporation  to  use  a  particular  method  of payment. The permitted methods of payment are as follows:
- (i) by cash, certified cheque, bank draft or money order payable to the Corporation;
- (ii) if an Option is a Non-Incentive Stock Option, by a 'net exercise' arrangement pursuant to which the Corporation will reduce the number of Common Shares issuable upon exercise by the largest whole number of shares with a Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price; provided, however , that the Corporation will accept a cash or other payment from the Participant to the extent of any remaining balance of the aggregate exercise price not satisfied by such reduction in the number of whole shares to be issued. Common Shares will no longer be subject to an Option and will not be exercisable thereafter to the extent that (A) shares issuable upon exercise are used to pay the exercise price pursuant to the 'net exercise,' (B) shares are delivered to the Participant as a result of such exercise, and (C) shares are withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations; or

- (iii) in any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board and specified in the applicable Award Agreement.
- (d) Transferability of Options .  Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Corporation or as otherwise expressly consented to by the Board, Options shall not be assignable, transferable or negotiable (whether by operation of law or otherwise) and may not be assigned or transferred other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution.
- (e) Vesting  Generally .  The  total  number  of  Common  Shares  subject  to  an  Option  may  vest  and  therefore  become  exercisable  in  periodic installments that may or may not be equal. The Option may be subject to such other terms and conditions on the time or times when it may or may not be exercised (which may be based on the satisfaction of performance goals or other criteria) as the Board may deem appropriate. The vesting provisions of individual Options may vary. The provisions of this Section 5(e) are subject to any Option provisions governing the minimum number of Common Shares as to which an Option may be exercised.
- (f) Termination of Continuous Service .  Except  as  otherwise  provided  in  the  applicable Award Agreement  or  other  agreement  between  the Participant and the Corporation, if a Participant's Continuous Service terminates (other than for Cause and other than upon the Participant's death or Disability), the Participant may exercise his or her Option (to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise such Award as of the date of termination of Continuous Service) within the period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date ninety (90) days following the termination of the Participant's Continuous Service (or such longer or shorter period specified in the applicable Award Agreement, which period will not be less than 30 days if necessary to comply with applicable laws unless such termination is for Cause) and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in the Award Agreement. If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option within the applicable time frame, the Option will terminate.
- (g) Disability of Participant . Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Corporation, if a Participant's Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Participant's Disability, the Participant may exercise his or her Option (to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise such Option as of the date of termination of Continuous Service), but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date 12 months following such termination of Continuous Service (or such longer  or  shorter  period  specified  in  the Award Agreement,  which  period  will  not  be  less  than  six  months  if  necessary  to  comply  with applicable laws unless such termination is for Cause), and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in the Award Agreement. If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option within the applicable time frame, the Option will terminate.
- (h) Death of Participant . Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Corporation, if (i) a Participant's Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Participant's death, or (ii) the Participant dies within the period (if any) specified in the Award Agreement for exercisability after the termination of the Participant's Continuous Service (for a reason other than death), then the Option may be exercised (to the extent the Participant was entitled to exercise such Option as of the date of death) by the Participant's estate, by a person who acquired the right to exercise the Option by bequest or inheritance or by a person designated to exercise the Option upon the Participant's death, but only within the period ending on the earlier of (i) the date 12 months following the date of death (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Award Agreement, which period will not be less than six months if necessary to comply with applicable laws unless such termination is for Cause), and (ii) the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement. If, after the Participant's death, the Option is not exercised within the applicable time frame, the Option (as applicable) will terminate.

- (i) Termination for Cause . Except as explicitly provided otherwise in a Participant's Award Agreement or other individual written agreement between the Corporation or any Affiliate and the Participant, if a Participant's Continuous Service is terminated for Cause, the Option will terminate immediately upon such Participant's termination of Continuous Service, and the Participant will be prohibited from exercising his or her Option from and after the date of such termination of Continuous Service.
- (j) Non-Exempt Employees . If an Option is granted to an Employee who is a non-exempt employee for purposes of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended, the Option will not be first exercisable for any Common Shares until at least six months following the date of grant of the Option (although the Award may vest prior to such date). Consistent with the provisions of the Worker Economic Opportunity Act, (i) if such non-exempt Employee dies or suffers a Disability, (ii) upon a Corporate Transaction in which such Option is not assumed, continued, or  substituted,  (iii)  upon  a  Change  of  Control,  or  (iv)  upon  the  Participant's  retirement  (as  such  term  may  be  defined  in  the  Participant's Award Agreement,  in  another  agreement  between  the  Participant  and  the  Corporation,  or,  if  no  such  definition,  in  accordance  with  the Corporation's then current employment policies and guidelines), the vested portion of any Options may be exercised earlier than six months following  the  date  of  grant.  The  foregoing  provision  is  intended  to  operate  so  that  any  income  derived  by  a  non-exempt  employee  in connection with the exercise  or  vesting  of  an  Option  will  be  exempt  from  his  or  her  regular  rate  of  pay.  To  the  extent  permitted  and/or required  for  compliance  with  the  Worker  Economic  Opportunity Act  to  ensure  that  any  income  derived  by  a  non-exempt  employee  in connection with the exercise, vesting or issuance of any shares under any other Award will be exempt from the employee's regular rate of pay, the provisions of this Section will apply to all Awards and are hereby incorporated by reference into such Award Agreements.
- (k) Right of Repurchase .  Subject to the 'Repurchase Limitation' and any applicable Securities Laws and Stock Exchange Rules, the Option may include a provision whereby the Corporation may elect to repurchase all or any part of the vested Common Shares acquired by the Participant pursuant to the exercise of the Option.
- (l) Right of First Refusal . Subject to any applicable Securities Laws and Stock Exchange Rules, the Option may include a provision whereby the Corporation may elect to exercise a right of first refusal following receipt of notice from the Participant of the intent to transfer all or any part  of  the  Common  Shares  received  upon  the  exercise  of  the  Option.  Such  right  of  first  refusal  will  be  subject  to  the  'Repurchase Limitation'. Except as expressly provided in this Section or in the Award Agreement, such right of first refusal will otherwise comply with any applicable provisions of the bylaws of the Corporation.

## 6. PROVISIONS OF AWARDS OTHER THAN OPTIONS.

- (a) Restricted  Share  Unit  Awards .  Each  Restricted  Share  Unit  Award  Agreement  will  be  in  such  form  and  will  contain  such  terms  and conditions as the will Board deem appropriate. The terms and conditions of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreements may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Restricted Share Unit Award Agreements need not be identical. Each Restricted Share Unit Award  Agreement  will  conform  to  (through  incorporation  of  the  provisions  hereof  by  reference  in  the  Restricted  Share  Unit  Award Agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions:
- (i) Consideration . At the time of grant of a Restricted Share Unit Award, the Board will determine the consideration, if any, to be paid by the Participant upon delivery of each Common Share subject to the Restricted Share Unit Award. The consideration to be paid (if any)  by  the  Participant  for  each  Common  Share  subject  to  a  Restricted  Share  Unit  Award  may  be  paid  in  any  form  of  legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board, in its sole discretion, and permissible under applicable law.
- (ii) Vesting . At the time of the grant of a Restricted Share Unit Award, the Board may impose such restrictions on or conditions to the vesting of the Restricted Share Unit Award as it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate.
- (iii) Payment . A Restricted Share Unit Award may be settled by the delivery of Common Shares, their cash equivalent, any combination thereof  or  in  any  other  form  of  consideration,  as  determined  by  the  Board  and  contained  in  the  Restricted  Share  Unit  Award Agreement.
- (iv) Additional Restrictions . At the time of the grant of a Restricted Share Unit Award, the Board, as it deems appropriate, may impose such restrictions or conditions that delay the delivery of the Common Shares (or their cash equivalent) subject to a Restricted Share Unit Award to a time after the vesting of such Restricted Share Unit Award.
- (v) Dividend Equivalents .  Dividend equivalents may be credited in respect of Common Shares covered by a Restricted Share Unit Award, as  determined  by  the  Board  and  contained  in  the  Restricted  Share  Unit Award Agreement. At  the  sole  discretion  of  the Board, such dividend equivalents may be converted into additional Common Shares covered by the Restricted Share Unit Award in such manner as determined by the Board. Any additional shares covered by the Restricted Share Unit Award credited by reason of such dividend equivalents will be subject to all of the same terms and conditions of the underlying Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement to which they relate.
- (vi) Termination of Participant's Continuous Service .  Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement, such portion of the Restricted Share Unit Award that has not vested will be forfeited upon the Participant's termination of Continuous Service.

- (vii) Compliance with Section 409A of the Code . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, any Restricted Share Unit Award granted under the Plan that is not exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the Code shall contain such provisions so that such Restricted Share Unit Award will comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. Such restrictions, if any, shall be determined by the Board and contained in the Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement evidencing such Restricted Share Unit Award. For example, such restrictions may include, without limitation, a requirement that any Common Share that is to be issued in a year following the year in which the Restricted Share Unit Award vests must be issued in accordance with a fixed predetermined schedule.
- (b) Other Awards .  Other forms of Awards valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, Common Shares, including the appreciation in value thereof may be granted either alone or in addition to Awards provided for under Section 5 and the preceding provisions of this Section 6. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Board will have sole and complete authority to determine the persons to whom and the time or times at which such Other Awards will be granted, the number of Common Shares (or the cash equivalent thereof) to be granted pursuant to such Other Awards and all other terms and conditions of such Other Awards.

## 7. COVENANTS OF THE CORPORATION.

- (a) Availability of Shares . The Corporation will keep available at all times the number of Common Shares reasonably required to satisfy thenoutstanding Awards.
- (b) Securities  Law  Compliance .  The  Corporation  will  seek  to  obtain  from  each  securities  commission  or  other  regulatory  body  having jurisdiction  over  the  Plan,  as  necessary,  such  authority  as  may  be  required  to  grant Awards  and  to  issue  and  sell  Common  Shares  upon exercise  or  vesting  of  the  Awards; provided,  however, that  this  undertaking  will  not  require  the  Corporation  to  register  or  qualify  by prospectus under applicable Securities Laws, the Plan, any Award or any Common Shares issued or issuable pursuant to any such Award. If, after reasonable efforts and at a reasonable cost, the Corporation is unable to obtain from any such regulatory commission or agency the authority that counsel for the Corporation deems necessary or advisable for the lawful issuance and sale of Common Shares under the Plan, the Corporation will be relieved from any liability for failure to issue and sell Common Shares upon exercise or vesting of such Awards unless and until such authority is obtained. A Participant will not be eligible for the grant of an Award or the subsequent issuance of cash or Common Shares pursuant to the Award if such grant or issuance would be in violation of any applicable securities law.
- (c) No Obligation to Notify or Minimize Taxes . The Corporation will have no duty or obligation to any Participant to advise such holder as to the  tax  treatment  or  time  or  manner  of  exercising  such Award.  Furthermore,  the  Corporation  will  have  no  duty  or  obligation  to  warn  or otherwise  advise  such  holder  of  a  pending  termination  or  expiration  of  an Award  or  a  possible  period  in  which  the Award  may  not  be exercised. The Corporation has no duty or obligation to minimize the tax consequences of an Award to the holder of such Award.

## 8. MISCELLANEOUS.

- (a) Use of Proceeds from Sales of Common Shares .  Proceeds from the sale of Common Shares pursuant to Awards will constitute general funds of the Corporation.
- (b) Corporate Action Constituting Grant of Awards . Corporate action constituting a grant by the Corporation of an Award to any Participant will  be  deemed  completed  as  of  the  date  of  such  corporate  action,  unless  otherwise  determined  by  the  Board,  regardless  of  when  the instrument, certificate, or letter evidencing the Award is communicated to, or actually received or accepted by, the Participant. In the event that the corporate records (e.g., Board consents, resolutions or minutes) documenting the corporate action constituting the grant contain terms (e.g.,  exercise  price,  vesting  schedule  or  number  of  shares)  that  are  inconsistent  with  those  in  the  Award  Agreement  or  related  grant documents as a result of a clerical error in the papering of the Award Agreement or related grant documents, the corporate records will control and the Participant will have no legally binding right to the incorrect term in the Award Agreement or related grant documents.
- (c) Shareholder Rights . No Participant will be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to, any Common Shares subject to an Award unless and until (i) such Participant has satisfied all requirements for exercise of, or the issuance of Common Shares under, the Award pursuant to its terms, and (ii) the issuance of the Common Shares subject to the Award has been entered into the books and records of the Corporation.
- (d) No Employment or Other Service Rights .  Nothing in the Plan, any Award Agreement or any other instrument executed thereunder or in connection with any Award granted pursuant thereto will confer upon any Participant any right to continue to serve the Corporation or an Affiliate in the capacity in effect at the time the Award was granted or will affect the right of the Corporation or an Affiliate to terminate (i) the employment of an Employee with or without notice and with or without cause, (ii) the service of a Consultant pursuant to the terms of such Consultant's agreement with the Corporation or an Affiliate, or (iii) the service of a Director pursuant to the bylaws of the Corporation or an Affiliate, and any applicable provisions of the corporate law of the state of foreign jurisdiction in which the Corporation or the Affiliate is domiciled or incorporated, as the case may be.
- (e) Change in Time Commitment . In the event a Participant's regular level of time commitment in the performance of his or her services for the Corporation and any Affiliates is reduced (for example, and without limitation, if the Participant is an Employee of the Corporation and the Employee has a change in status from a full-time Employee to a part-time Employee or takes an extended leave of absence) after the date of grant of any Award to the Participant, the Board has the right in its sole discretion to (x) make a corresponding reduction in the number of shares or cash amount subject to any portion of such Award that is scheduled to vest or become payable after the date of such change in time commitment, and (y) in lieu of or in combination with such a reduction, extend the vesting or payment schedule applicable to such Award. In the event of any such reduction, the Participant will have no right with respect to any portion of the Award that is so reduced or extended.
- (f) Incentive Stock Option Limitations . To the extent that the aggregate Market Value (determined at the time of grant) of Common Shares with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by any Option holder during any calendar year (under all plans of the Corporation and any Affiliates) exceeds $100,000 (or such other limit established in the Code) or otherwise does not comply with the rules governing Incentive Stock Options, the Options or portions thereof that exceed such limit (according to the order in which they were granted) or otherwise do not comply with such rules will be treated as Non-Incentive Stock Options, notwithstanding any contrary provision of the applicable Option Agreement(s).

- (g) Investment Assurances .  The Corporation may require a Participant, as a condition of exercising or acquiring Common Shares under any Award,  (i)  to  give  written  assurances  satisfactory  to  the  Corporation  as  to  the  Participant's  knowledge  and  experience  in  financial  and business  matters  and/or  to  employ  a  purchaser  representative  reasonably  satisfactory  to  the  Corporation  who  is  knowledgeable  and experienced  in  financial  and  business  matters  and  that  the  Participant  is  capable  of  evaluating,  alone  or  together  with  the  purchaser representative, the merits and risks of exercising the Award; and (ii) to give written assurances satisfactory to the Corporation stating that the Participant is acquiring Common Shares subject to the Award for the Participant's own account and not with any present intention of selling or otherwise distributing the Common Shares. The foregoing requirements, and any assurances given pursuant to such requirements, will be inoperative if as to any particular requirement, a determination is made by counsel for the Corporation that such requirement need not be met in  the  circumstances  under  the  then  applicable  Securities  Laws.  The  Corporation  may,  upon  advice  of  counsel  to  the  Corporation,  place legends  on  stock  certificates  issued  under  the  Plan  as  such  counsel  deems  necessary  or  appropriate  in  order  to  comply  with  applicable Securities Laws, including, but not limited to, legends restricting the transfer of the Common Shares.
- (h) Withholding Obligations .  Unless prohibited by the terms of an Award Agreement, the Corporation may, in its sole discretion, satisfy any federal, state or local tax withholding obligation relating to an Award by any of the following means or by a combination of such means: (i) causing the Participant to tender a cash payment; (ii) withholding Common Shares from the Common Shares issued or otherwise issuable to the Participant in connection with the Award; provided, however , that no Common Shares are withheld with a value exceeding the maximum amount of tax required to be withheld by law (or such lesser amount as may be necessary to avoid classification of the Award as a liability for financial accounting purposes); (iii) withholding cash from an Award settled in cash; (iv) withholding payment from any amounts otherwise payable to the Participant; or (v) by such other method as may be set forth in the Award Agreement.
- (i) Deferrals . To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Board, in its sole discretion, may determine that the delivery of Common Shares or the payment of cash, upon the exercise, vesting or settlement of all or a portion of any Award may be deferred and may establish programs and procedures for deferral elections to be made by Participants. Deferrals by Participants will be made in accordance with Section 409A of the  Code. Consistent with Section 409A of the Code, the Board may provide for distributions while a Participant is still an employee or otherwise providing services to the Corporation. The Board is authorized to make deferrals of Awards and determine when, and in what annual percentages, Participants may receive payments, including lump sum payments, following the Participant's termination of Continuous Service, and implement such other terms and conditions consistent with the provisions of the Plan and in accordance with applicable law.

- (j) Clawback/Recovery . All Awards granted under the Plan will be subject to recoupment in accordance with any clawback policy that the Corporation  is  required  to  adopt  pursuant  to  the  listing  standards  of  any  national  securities  exchange  or  association  on  which  the Corporation's securities are listed or as is otherwise required by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or other applicable law. In addition, the Board may impose such other clawback, recovery or recoupment provisions in an Award Agreement as the Board determines  necessary  or  appropriate,  including  but  not  limited  to  a  reacquisition  right  in  respect  of  previously  acquired  Common Shares or other cash or property upon the occurrence of Cause. No recovery of compensation under such a clawback policy will be an event giving rise to a right to voluntary terminate employment upon a 'resignation for good reason,' or for a 'constructive termination' or any similar term under any plan of or agreement with the Corporation.
- (k) Compliance  with  Section  409A  of  the  Code .  Unless  otherwise  expressly  provided  for  in  an  Award  Agreement,  the  Plan  and  Award Agreements will be interpreted to the greatest extent possible in a manner that makes the Plan and the Awards granted hereunder exempt from Section 409A of the Code, and, to the extent not so exempt, in compliance with Section 409A of the Code. If the Board determines that any Award granted hereunder is not exempt from and is therefore subject to Section 409A of the Code, the Award Agreement evidencing such Award will incorporate the terms and conditions necessary to avoid the consequences specified in Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code, and to the extent an Award Agreement is silent on terms necessary for compliance, such terms are hereby incorporated by reference into the Award Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Plan (and unless the Award Agreement specifically provides otherwise), if the Common Shares are publicly traded, and if a Participant holding an Award that constitutes 'deferred compensation' under Section 409A of the Code is a 'specified employee' for purposes of Section 409A of the Code, no distribution or payment of any amount that is due because of a 'separation from service' (as defined in Section 409A of the Code without regard to alternative definitions thereunder) will be issued or paid  before  the  date  that  is  six  months  following  the  date  of  such  Participant's  'separation  from  service'  or,  if  earlier,  the  date  of  the Participant's death, unless such distribution or payment can be made in a manner that complies with Section 409A of the Code, and any amounts so deferred will be paid in a lump-sum on the day after such six month period elapses, with the balance paid thereafter on the original schedule.
- (l) Repurchase Limitation . The terms of any repurchase right will be specified in the Award Agreement. Subject to any applicable Securities Laws and Stock Exchange Rules, the repurchase price for vested Common Shares will be the Market Value of the Common Shares on the date of repurchase. Subject to any applicable Securities Laws and Stock Exchange Rules, the repurchase price for unvested Common Shares will be the lower of (i) the Market Value of the Common Shares on the date of repurchase or (ii) their original purchase price. However, the Corporation  will  not  exercise  its  repurchase  right  until  at  least  six  months  (or  such  longer  or  shorter  period  of  time  necessary  to  avoid classification of the Award as a liability for financial accounting purposes) have elapsed following delivery of Common Shares subject to the Award, unless otherwise specifically provided by the Board.

## 9. ADJUSTMENTS UPON CHANGES IN COMMON SHARES; OTHER CORPORATE EVENTS.

- (a) Capitalization Adjustments .  In  the  event  of  a  Capitalization Adjustment, the Board will appropriately and proportionately adjust: (i) the class(es) and maximum number of securities subject to the Plan pursuant to Section 3(a), and (ii) the class(es) and number of securities and price  per  share  subject  to  outstanding Awards.  The  Board  will  make  such  adjustments,  and  its  determination  will  be  final,  binding  and conclusive.

- (b) Dissolution  or  Liquidation .  Except  as  otherwise  provided  in  the Award Agreement,  in  the  event  of  a  dissolution  or  liquidation  of  the Corporation,  all  outstanding Awards  (other  than Awards  consisting  of  vested  and  outstanding  Common  Shares  not  subject  to  a  forfeiture condition or the Corporation's right of repurchase) will terminate immediately prior to the completion of such dissolution or liquidation, and the Common Shares subject to the Corporation's repurchase rights or subject to a forfeiture condition may be repurchased or reacquired by the Corporation notwithstanding the fact that the holder of such Award is providing Continuous Service, provided, however, that the Board may, in its sole discretion, cause some or all Awards to become fully vested, exercisable and/or no longer subject to repurchase or forfeiture (to the extent such Awards have not previously expired or terminated) before the dissolution or liquidation is completed but contingent on its completion.
- (c) Corporate Transaction . The following provisions will apply to Awards in the event of a Corporate Transaction unless otherwise provided in the instrument evidencing the Award or any other written agreement between the Corporation or any Affiliate and the Participant or unless otherwise expressly provided by the Board at the time of grant of an Award. In the event of a Corporate Transaction, then, notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Board may take one or more of the following actions with respect to Awards, contingent upon the closing or completion of the Corporate Transaction:
- (i) arrange  for  the  surviving  corporation  or  acquiring  corporation  (or  the  surviving  or  acquiring  corporation's  parent  company)  to assume or continue the Award or to substitute a similar stock award for the Award (including, but not limited to, an award to acquire the same consideration paid to the shareholders of the Corporation pursuant to the Corporate Transaction);
- (ii) arrange for the assignment of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Corporation in respect of Common Shares issued pursuant  to  the Award  to  the  surviving  corporation  or  acquiring  corporation  (or  the  surviving  or  acquiring  corporation's  parent company);
- (iii) accelerate the vesting, in whole or in part, of the Award (and, if applicable, the time at which the Award may be exercised) to a date prior to the effective time of such Corporate Transaction as the Board determines (or, if the Board does not determine such a date, to the date that is five days prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction), with such Award terminating if not exercised (if applicable) at or prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction; provided, however , that the Board may require Participants to complete and deliver to the Corporation a notice of exercise before the effective date of a Corporate Transaction, which exercise is contingent upon the effectiveness of such Corporate Transaction;
- (iv) arrange  for  the  lapse,  in  whole  or  in  part,  of  any  reacquisition  or  repurchase  rights  held  by  the  Corporation  with  respect  to  the Award;
- (v) cancel  or  arrange  for  the  cancellation  of  the Award,  to  the  extent  not  vested  or  not  exercised  prior  to  the  effective  time  of  the Corporate Transaction, in exchange for such cash consideration (including no consideration) as the Board, in its sole discretion, may consider appropriate; and

- (vi) make a payment, in such form as may be determined by the Board equal to the excess, if any, of (A) the value of the property the Participant would have received upon the exercise of the Award immediately prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction, over (B) any exercise price payable by such holder in connection with such exercise. For clarity, this payment may be zero ($0) if the value of the property is equal to or less than the exercise price. Payments under this provision may be delayed to the same extent that payment of consideration to the holders of the Corporation's Common Shares in connection with the Corporate Transaction is delayed as a result of escrows, earn outs, holdbacks or any other contingencies.

The Board need not take the same action or actions with respect to all Awards or portions thereof or with respect to all Participants. The Board may take different actions with respect to the vested and unvested portions of an Award.

- (d) Change in Control . An Award may be subject to additional acceleration of vesting and exercisability upon or after a Change in Control as may be provided in the Award Agreement for such Award or as may be provided in any other written agreement between the Corporation or any Affiliate and the Participant, but in the absence of such provision, no such acceleration will occur.

## 10. PLAN TERM; EARLIER TERMINATION OR SUSPENSION OF THE PLAN.

- (a) Plan Term . The Board may suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. No Incentive Stock Option will be granted after the tenth anniversary of the earlier of (i) the Adoption Date, or (ii) the date the Plan is approved by the shareholders of the Corporation. No Awards may be granted under the Plan while the Plan is suspended or after it is terminated.
- (b) No Impairment of Rights . Suspension or termination of the Plan will not impair rights and obligations under any Award granted while the Plan is in effect except with the written consent of the affected Participant or as otherwise permitted in the Plan.

## 11. ASSIGNMENT OF RIGHTS.

Any and all rights under Awards and Award Agreements shall not be assignable, transferable or negotiable (whether by operation of law or otherwise) by the Participant and may not be assigned or transferred other than by transmission by will or the laws of descent and distribution.

## 12. EFFECTIVE DATE OF PLAN.

This Plan, as amended and restated, will become effective on the Effective Date.

## 13. CHOICE OF LAW.

The laws of the  Province  of  Ontario  will  govern  all  questions  concerning  the  construction,  validity  and  interpretation  of  this  Plan,  without  regard  to  that province's conflict of laws rules.

## 14. DEFINITIONS.

As used in the Plan, the following definitions will apply to the capitalized terms indicated below:

- (a) ' Adoption Date ' means February 26, 2024, which is the date the Plan was adopted by the Board.
- (b) ' Affiliate ' means, at the time of determination, any 'affiliate' of the Corporation, as such term is defined in the Business Corporations Act (Ontario).
- (c) ' Award ' means any right to receive Common Shares granted under the Plan, including an Incentive Stock Option, a Non-Incentive Stock Option, a Restricted Share Unit Award or any Other Award.
- (d) ' Award Agreement ' means a written agreement between the Corporation and a Participant evidencing the terms and conditions of an Award grant. Each Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.
- (e) ' Board ' means the Board of Directors of the Corporation.
- (f) ' Capitalization Adjustment ' means any change that is made in, or other events that occur with respect to, the Common Shares subject to the Plan or subject to any Award after the Adoption Date without the receipt of consideration by the Corporation through merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, stock dividend, dividend in property other than cash, large nonrecurring cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, liquidating dividend, combination of shares, exchange of shares, change in corporate structure, or any similar equity restructuring transaction, as that term is used in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any successor thereto). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the conversion of any convertible securities of the Corporation will not be treated as a Capitalization Adjustment.
- (g) ' Cause ' will have the meaning ascribed to such term in any written agreement between the Participant and the Corporation defining such term and, in the absence of such agreement, such term means, with respect to a Participant, the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) such  Participant's  commission  of  any  felony  or  any  crime  involving  fraud,  dishonesty  or  moral  turpitude  under  the  laws  of  Canada,  the United States or any province or state thereof; (ii) such Participant's attempted commission of, or participation in, a fraud or act of dishonesty against the Corporation; (iii) such Participant's intentional, material violation of any contract or agreement between the Participant and the Corporation or of any statutory duty owed to the Corporation; (iv) such Participant's unauthorized use or disclosure of the Corporation's confidential information or trade secrets; or (v) such Participant's gross misconduct. The determination that a termination of the Participant's Continuous Service is either for Cause or without Cause will be made by the Corporation, in its sole discretion. Any determination by the Corporation that the Continuous Service of a Participant was terminated with or without Cause for the purposes of outstanding Awards held by such Participant will have no effect upon any determination of the rights or obligations of the Corporation or such Participant for any other purpose.

- (h) ' Change of Control ' means the occurrence of one or more of the following events:
- (i) any change in the holding, direct or indirect, of shares in the capital of the Corporation as a result of which a person or group of persons acting jointly  or  in  concert,  or  person  associated  or  affiliated  with  any  such  person  or  group  within  the  meaning  of  the Securities  Act (Ontario),  becomes  the  beneficial  owner,  directly  or  indirectly,  of  shares  and/or  other  securities  in  excess  of  the number  which,  directly  or  following  conversion  thereof,  would  entitle  the  holders  thereof  to  cast  more  than  50%  of  the  votes attaching  to  all  shares  of  the  Corporation  which  may  be  cast  to  elect  directors  of  the  Corporation  (the  ' Company  Voting Securities '); provided, however, that the event described in this paragraph (i) shall not be deemed to be a Change of Control by virtue of any of the following acquisitions of Company Voting Securities:
- A. by the Corporation or any subsidiary;
- B. by any employee benefit plan sponsored or maintained by the Corporation or any subsidiary;
- C. by any underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities;
- D. pursuant to a Non-Qualifying Transaction (as defined in paragraph (i)); or
- E. from the Corporation pursuant to a transaction (other than one described in paragraph (ii)), if a majority of the directors approve a resolution  providing  expressly  that  the  acquisition  pursuant  to  this  clause  E  shall  not  constitute  a  Change  of Control under this paragraph (i);
- (ii) the consummation of a merger, consolidation, share exchange or similar form of corporate transaction involving the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries (a ' Business Combination '), unless immediately following such Business Combination:
- A. Company Voting Securities that were outstanding immediately prior to the consummation of such Business Combination (or, if applicable, securities into or for which such Company Voting Securities were converted or exchanged pursuant to such Business Combination) represent more than 50% of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities eligible  to  vote  for  the  election  of  directors  or  trustees  (' voting power ')  of  (1)  the  entity  resulting  from  such  Business Combination  (the  ' Surviving  Entity '),  or  (2)  if  applicable,  the  ultimate  parent  entity  that  directly  or  indirectly  has beneficial  ownership  of  100%  of  the  voting  securities  eligible  to  elect  directors  of  the  Surviving  Entity  (the  ' Parent Entity '); or
- B. no person (other than any employee benefit plan sponsored or maintained by the Surviving Entity or the Parent Entity) is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 50% or more of the voting power of the Parent Entity (or, if there is no Parent Entity, the Surviving Entity);

(any Business Combination which satisfies all of the criteria specified in A, or B above shall be deemed to be a ' NonQualifying Transaction ');

- (iii) the approval by the Board or shareholders of the Corporation of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Corporation; or
- (iv) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the property or assets of the Corporation, other than to an affiliate within the meaning of the Securities Act (Ontario) or pursuant to a Non-Qualifying Transaction.
- (i) ' Code ' means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including any applicable regulations and guidance thereunder.
- (j) ' Committee ' means a committee of one or more Directors to whom authority has been delegated by the Board in accordance with Section 2(c).
- (k) ' Common Shares ' means the class of Common Shares of the Corporation.
- (l) ' Consultant ' means any person, including an advisor, who is engaged by the Corporation or an Affiliate to render consulting or advisory services pursuant to a written consulting agreement, and is compensated for such services. However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such service, will not cause a Director to be considered a 'Consultant' for purposes of the Plan.
- (m) ' Continuous Service ' means that the Participant's service with the Corporation or an Affiliate, whether as an Employee, Officer, Director or Consultant,  is  not  interrupted  or  terminated. A  change  in  the  capacity  in  which  the  Participant  renders  service  to  the  Corporation  or  an Affiliate as an Employee, Officer, Director or Consultant or a change in the Entity for which the Participant renders such service, provided that there is no interruption or termination of the Participant's service with the Corporation or an Affiliate, will not terminate a Participant's Continuous Service; provided, however ,  that if the Entity for which a Participant is rendering services ceases to qualify as an Affiliate, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, such Participant's Continuous Service will be considered to have terminated on the date such Entity ceases to qualify as an Affiliate. To the extent permitted by law, the Board or the chief executive officer of the Corporation, in that party's sole discretion, may determine whether Continuous Service will be considered interrupted in the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by the Board or chief executive officer, including sick leave, military leave or any other personal leave, or (ii) transfers between the Corporation, an Affiliate, or their successors. In addition, to the extent required for exemption from or compliance with Section 409A of the Code, the determination of whether there has been a termination of Continuous Service will be made, and such term will be construed, in a manner that is consistent with the definition of 'separation from service' as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h) (without regard to any alternative definition thereunder).
- (n) ' Corporate Transaction ' means the consummation, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events:
- (i) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, of the consolidated assets of the Corporation and its Subsidiaries;
- (ii) a sale or other disposition of more than 50% of the outstanding securities of the Corporation;

- (iii) a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Corporation is not the surviving corporation; or
- (iv) a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Corporation is the surviving corporation but the Common Shares outstanding  immediately  preceding  the  merger,  consolidation  or  similar  transaction  are  converted  or  exchanged  by  virtue  of  the merger, consolidation or similar transaction into other property, whether in the form of securities, cash or otherwise.
- (o) ' Corporation ' means Akanda Corp., an Ontario business corporation.
- (p) ' Director ' means a member of the Board.
- (q) ' Disability ' means, with respect to a Participant, the inability of such Participant to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or that has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, and will be determined by the Board on the basis of such medical evidence as the Board deems reasonable under the circumstances.
- (r) ' Effective Date ' means the effective date of this Plan, which is the earlier of (i) the date that this Plan is first approved by the Corporation's shareholders, and (ii) the date this Plan is adopted by the Board.
- (s) ' Employee ' means any person employed by the Corporation or an Affiliate.
- (t) ' Entity ' means a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity.
- (u) ' Market Value ' means,
- (i) as of the date of grant of an Award, the value of the Common Shares determined as follows:
- A. If the Common Shares are listed on the Stock Exchange or traded on any other established market, the Market Value of a Common  Share  will  be,  unless  otherwise  determined  by  the  Board,  the  greater  of  the  closing  market  prices  of  the underlying securities on (a) the trading day prior to the date of grant of the Award; and (b) the date of grant of the stock options, and

- B. In the absence of such markets for the Common Shares, the Market Value will be determined by the Board in good faith and in a manner that complies with Section 409A of the Code or, in the case of Incentive Stock Options, in compliance with Section 422 of the Code; and
2. (ii) as of any other relevant date, the value of the Common Shares determined as follows:
- A. If the Common Shares are listed on the Stock Exchange or traded on any other established market, the Market Value of a Common Share will be, unless otherwise determined by the Board, the closing market price of the underlying securities on the trading day prior to such relevant date, and
- B. In the absence of such markets for the Common Shares, the Market Value will be determined by the Board in good faith and in a manner that complies with Section 409A of the Code or, in the case of Incentive Stock Options, in compliance with Section 422 of the Code.
5. (v) ' Incentive Stock Option ' means an option granted pursuant to Section 5 of the Plan that is intended to be, and that qualifies as, an 'incentive stock option' within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code.
6. (w) ' Non-Incentive Stock Option ' means an option granted pursuant to Section 5 of the Plan that does not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option, including an Incentive Stock Option granted to a person not subject to taxation on income under the laws of the United States.
7. (x) ' Officer ' means a person who is an officer of the Corporation.
8. (y) ' Option ' means an Incentive Stock Option or a Non-Incentive Stock Option to purchase Common Shares granted pursuant to the Plan.
9. (z) ' Option Agreement ' means a written agreement between the Corporation and an Optionholder evidencing the terms and conditions of an Option grant. Each Option Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.
10. (aa) ' Optionholder '  means  a  person  to  whom  an  Option  is  granted  pursuant  to  the  Plan  or,  if  applicable,  such  other  person  who  holds  an outstanding Option.
11. (bb) ' Other Award ' means an award based in whole or in part by reference to the Common Shares which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(b).

- (cc) ' Other Award Agreement ' means a written agreement between the Corporation and a holder of an Other Award evidencing the terms and conditions of an Other Award grant. Each Other Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.
- (dd) ' Own ,' ' Owned ,' ' Owner ,' ' Ownership ' A person or Entity will be deemed to 'Own,' to have 'Owned,' to be the 'Owner' of, or to have acquired  'Ownership'  of  securities  if  such  person  or  Entity,  directly  or  indirectly,  through  any  contract,  arrangement,  understanding, relationship or otherwise, has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting, with respect to such securities.
- (ee) ' Participant ' means a person to whom an Award is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Award.
- (ff) ' Plan ' means this Akanda Corp. 2024 Equity Incentive Plan.
- (gg) ' Restricted Share Unit Award ' means a right to receive Common Shares which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 11.
- (hh) ' Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement '  means a written agreement between the Corporation and a holder of a Restricted Share Unit Award evidencing the terms and conditions of a Restricted Share Unit Award grant. Each Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.
- (ii) ' Securities Laws ' means securities legislation, securities regulation and securities rules, as amended, and the policies, notices, instruments and blanket orders in force from time to time that govern or are applicable to the Corporation or to which it is subject;
- (jj) ' Stock Exchange ' means the Nasdaq Stock Market.
- (kk) ' Stock  Exchange  Rules '  means  the  applicable  rules  and  policies  of  the  Stock  Exchange,  as  such  rules  and  policies  may  be  amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time
- (ll) ' Subsidiary ' has the meaning given to it under the Business Corporations Act (Ontario).
- (mm) ' Ten Percent Shareholder ' means a person, who is subject to taxation on income under the laws of the United States, and who Owns (or is deemed to Own pursuant to Section 424(d) of the Code) stock possessing more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of shares of the Corporation or any Affiliate.

## RESIGNATION AND MUTUAL RELEASE

THIS AGREEMENT, dated April 24, 2024  (the  ' Effective  Date '),  is  made  by  and  between  Harvinder  Singh  (the  ' Individual ')  and Akanda  Corp.  (the ' Company ').

In consideration of the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, the parties hereby agree as follows :

1. Resignation. The Individual hereby resigns as a director and officer of the Company, effective on the Effective Date.
2. Consideration for Resignation. In consideration of the Individual's resignation as a director and officer of the Company, the Company agrees to pay the Individual the sum of $50,000.00 USD (the "Consideration"). The Individual acknowledges and agrees that the Consideration is full and final settlement of all and any claims he may have in any capacity as a director or officer of the Company, including, but not limited to, claims for further director/officer  fees,  remuneration,  benefits,  perquisites,  participation  in  profits  or  earnings,  salary,  bonus,  dividends,  expenses,  retirements,  or pensions allowances. The Individual further confirms that, upon receipt of the Consideration, he shall not be entitled to and waives any right to claim any further payments, benefits, or entitlements from the Company, and he hereby releases the Company from any such claims in the future.
3. Individual  Release.  The  Individual,  for  and  on  his  own  behalf  and  on  behalf  of  his  heirs,  executors,  estate  and  administrators  (collectively,  the ' Individual Parties '), hereby unconditionally and irrevocably releases and forever discharges the Company and each of its past, present and future directors, officers, shareholders, employees, representatives, affiliates, partners, successors and assigns (collectively, the ' Corporate Parties ') from any and all claims, suits, demands, obligations, contracts, liabilities, debts, duties, costs and damages, whether or not known, suspected or disclosed, in law or in equity (collectively, ' Claims '), that the Individual, in any capacity, now has or may have in the future against the Corporate Parties, or any of them, with respect to any matter or thing relating to any of the Corporate Parties having occurred during the period ending on the Effective Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section does not and is not intended torelease the Corporate Parties from any Claims relating to, arising out of or involving:
4. (a) fraud, bad faith or willful misconduct on behalf of the Corporate Parties;
5. (b) the Individual's entitlement, if any, to any insurance maintained for the benefit or protection of directors and/or officers of the Company, including, without limitation, directors' and officers' liability insurance;
6. (c) the  Individual's  right,  if  any,  to  indemnification  from  the  Company  under  the Business  Corporations  Act (Ontario)  or  any  successor legislation; or
7. (d) the rights of the Individual Parties to enforce the terms of this Release,

which obligations are the sole obligations of the Corporate Parties to the Individual Parties from and after the Effective Date.

4. Corporate Release. The Company, for and on behalf of the Corporate Parties, hereby unconditionally irrevocably releases and forever discharges the Individual from any and all Claims that the Company now has or may have in the future against the Individual with respect to any matter or thing relating to the Company having occurred during the period ending on the Effective Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section does not and is not intended to release the Individual Parties from any Claims relating to, arising out of or involving:
2. (a) fraud, bad faith or willful misconduct on behalf of the Individual; or
3. (b) the rights of the Corporate Parties to enforce the terms of this Release, which obligations are the sole obligations of the Individual Parties to the Corporate Parties from and after the Effective Date.
5. Voluntary Agreement. The Individual represents that he has not been influenced by any representations or statements made by or on behalf of any of the Corporate Parties. The Individual hereby voluntarily accepts the terms of this Agreement.
6. Entire Agreement. This Agreement  constitutes  the  entire  agreement  between  the  parties  with  respect  to  the  subject-matter  of  this Agreement  and supersedes all prior negotiations, proposals and agreements, whether oral or written, with respect to the subject-matter of this Agreement.
7. Ensurement. This Agreement will ensure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties and their respective heirs, executors, estate, administrators, successors and assigns, as applicable.
8. Headings. The division of this Agreement into Sections, and the headings of those Sections, are for reference only and will not limit or control the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
9. Governing Law and Attornment. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of British Columbia and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein, without regard to conflict of laws principles. The parties hereby irrevocably attorn to the exclusive jurisdiction of the  courts  located  in  Vancouver,  British  Columbia  (and  the  Supreme  Court  of  Canada,  if  necessary)  for  the  resolution  of  any  dispute  under  this Agreement.
10. Counterpart  and  Electronic  Means. This Agreement  may  be  executed  by  electronic  means  and  in  counterpart  and  such  counterparts  together  will constitute a single instrument. Execution and delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by any electronic means capable of producing a printed copy will be equally effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date.

Signed and Delivered by \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ in the presence of:

)

)

)

)

HARVINDER SINGH

)

Witness (Signature)

)

)

)

Name of Witness (please print)

)

)

)

Street Address of Witness

)

)

)

City, Province of Witness

)

AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY OF AKANDA CORP.

3

[***] Certain information in this document has been excluded pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 601(b)(10). Such excluded information is not material and would likely cause competitive harm if publicly disclosed.

## DATED

## 15 JANUARY 2024

S

between

CANMART LTD

and

AKANDA CORP

and

MR. TREVOR SCOTT

## Parties

- (1) CANMART LTD incorporated  and  registered  in  England  and  Wales  with  company  number  11741517  whose  registered  office  is  at  Units  1a/1b Learoyd Road, New Romney, Kent, England, TN28 8XU ( Company / we / us / our )
- (2) AKANDA CORP. an  Ontario  Business  Corporation  incorporated  and  registered  in  Ontario,  Canada  with  Ontario  Corporation  Number  2854618 whose registered office is at Toronto, Ontario, Canada ( Akanda )
- (3) Trevor Scott of [***] ( Employee / you ) BACKGROUND
4. (A) Your employment with us terminated on 5 January 2023. You have issued a claim in the Employment Tribunals in England and Wales against us and Akanda, each of which you shall withdraw and abandon pursuant to the terms of this agreement.
5. (B) The parties have entered into this agreement to record and implement the terms on which they have agreed to settle any claims that you have or may have now or in the future in connection with your employment or its termination or otherwise against any Group Company (as defined below) or their officers, employees or workers, whether or not those claims are, or could be, in the contemplation of the parties at the time of signing this agreement, and including, in particular, the statutory complaints that you raise in this agreement.
6. (C) The parties intend this agreement to be an effective waiver of any such claims and to satisfy the conditions relating to settlement agreements in the relevant legislation.
7. (D) We enter into this agreement for ourselves and as agent and trustee for all Group Companies and we are authorised to do so. Akanda enters into this agreement for itself and as agent and trustee for all Group Companies and Akanda is authorised to do so. It is the parties' intention that each Group Company may enforce any rights it has under this agreement, subject to and in accordance with the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

## Agreed terms

## 1. Interpretation

The following definitions and rules of interpretation apply in this agreement.

## 1.1 Definitions:

Adviser : Tessa Fry of Solomon Taylor &amp; Shaw LLP

Bank Account: the Employee's bank account as set out below:

[***]

Board : the board of directors of either us or Akanda (including any committee of the board duly appointed by it).

Business Day: a day, other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday in England and Wales, the United States of America or Canada, when banks in those jurisdictions are open for business.

Confidential Information : information in whatever form (including, without limitation, in written, oral, visual or electronic form or on any magnetic or optical disk or memory and wherever located) relating to any Group Company's business, products, assets, affairs and finances for the time being confidential to any Group Company or any Group Company's officers, shareholders or employees, and trade secrets including, without limitation, technical data and know-how relating to any Group Company's business or any of its suppliers, clients, customers, agents, distributors, shareholders, management, officers and employees including (but not limited to) information lists of any Group Company's actual or potential clients, suppliers or funders, details of any knowledge of the requirements of any Group Company's actual or potential clients, suppliers or funders, details of any Group Company's business methods, management, development or marketing plans or strategies, personal information about any Group Company's officer or employee, information that you created, developed, received or obtained in connection with your employment, whether or not such information (if in anything other than oral form) is marked confidential and including any information in whatever form that any Group Company or their clients reasonably consider, or would consider, to be confidential.

Claims: the claims you have brought against us and Akanda in the Employment Tribunal in England and Wales with case numbers [***] and [***].

Copies : copies or records of any Confidential Information in whatever form (including, without limitation, in written, oral, visual or electronic form or on any magnetic or optical disk or memory and wherever located) including, without limitation, extracts, analysis, studies, plans, compilations or any other way of representing or recording and recalling information which contains, reflects or is derived or generated from Confidential Information.

Group Company : the Company, its subsidiaries or holding companies from time to time and any subsidiary of any holding company from time to time and Akanda, its subsidiaries or holding companies from time to time and any subsidiary of any holding company from time to time.

HMRC : HM Revenue and Customs.

Holding company : has the meaning given in clause 1.6.

Post-Employment Notice Pay : has the meaning given in section 402D of the Income Tax (Earnings and Pensions) Act 2003 (ITEPA).

Post-Employment Notice Period : has the meaning given in section 402E(5) of ITEPA.

our Solicitors: Girlings Solicitors LLP of Stourside Place Station Road Ashford TN23 1PP United Kingdom - paulmcaleavey@girlings.com.

Subsidiary : has the meaning in clause 1.6.

- 1.2 The headings in this agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect its construction.
- 1.3 A reference to a particular law is a reference to it as it is in force for the time being taking account of any amendment, extension, or re-enactment and includes any subordinate legislation for the time being in force made under it.
- 1.4 Unless the context otherwise requires, words in the singular shall include the plural and in the plural shall include the singular.
- 1.5 The Schedules shall form part of this agreement and shall have effect as if set out in full in the body of this agreement. Any reference to this agreement includes the Schedules.
- 1.6 A reference to a holding company or a subsidiary means:
- (a) as relates to the Company, a holding company or a subsidiary (as the case may be) as defined in section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006 and a company shall be treated, for the purposes only of the membership requirement contained in sections 1159(1)(b) and (c), as a member of another company even if its shares in that other company are registered in the name of (a) another person (or its nominee), whether by way of security or in connection with the taking of security, or (b) as a nominee; and
- (b) as  relates  to  Akanda,  a  holding  company  or  a  subsidiary  (as  the  case  may  be)  as  defined  in  subsections  1(2)  and  1(3)  of  the Business Corporations Act , RSO 1990, c. B.16.

## 2. Arrangements on termination

- 2.1 Your employment with us terminated on 5 January 2023 ( Termination Date ).
- 2.2 At the Termination Date, you had completed the period of notice to which you were entitled under clause 2.2 of your employment contract. The parties accordingly believe that your Post-Employment Notice Period and Post-Employment Notice Pay are nil.
- 2.3 We shall deduct from the sums and benefits due you under this agreement any outstanding sums due from you to any Group Company save that we are not aware at the date of this agreement of any matter that could lead to your liability under this clause 2.3.

## 3. Termination payment

- 3.1 Subject to and conditional on you complying with the terms of this agreement, (including, without limitation, clause 12), Akanda shall, by no later than 11.59pm US East Coast time on the later of the date of this agreement or receipt by our Solicitors of a copy of this agreement signed by you and receipt by our Solicitors of a copy of the Withdrawal Email and a letter from the Adviser in the form as set out in Schedule 3, whichever is later, commence or procure the payment to you of the sum of £67,392.00 via the instalment schedule outlined in clause 3.3 ( the Termination Payment ) by way of compensation for the termination of your employment.
- 3.2 The Termination Payment will be paid gross without deductions for tax and National Insurance contributions (or equivalent). You shall be responsible for any tax and employee's National Insurance contributions due in respect of the Termination Payment and shall indemnify us and Akanda in respect of such liability in accordance with clause 7.1.
- 3.3 The Termination Payment shall be paid to you as follows:

[***]

3.3.1 If Akanda shall fail to make any of the instalment payments in accordance with the dates set out above, then the total amount of the Termination Payment or balance outstanding shall become payable together with interest at the statutory rate.

- 3.4 Within 2 hours of receipt by our Solicitors of a copy of the Withdrawal Email, Akanda will procure that you are sent evidence of the sum at clause 3.3(a) being transferred to your Bank Account.

## 4. Legal fees

We  shall  pay  the  reasonable  legal  fees  (up  to  a  maximum  of  £500  plus  V AT)  incurred  by  you  in  obtaining  advice  on  the  termination  of  your employment and the terms of this agreement, such fees to be payable to the Adviser on production of an invoice addressed to you but marked as payable by us. We shall pay the invoice on or before 19 January 2023.

## 5. Waiver of claims

- 5.1 You agree that the terms of this agreement are offered by us and Akanda without any admission of liability on our respective parts and are in full and final settlement of all and any claims or rights of action of any kind whatever, wherever and however arising that you have or may have, now or in the future, against us, Akanda, any Group Company or its officers, directors, affiliates, employees or workers arising directly or indirectly out of or in connection with your employment with us, its termination, events occurring after this agreement has been entered into or otherwise, whether under common law, contract, statute or otherwise, in any jurisdiction and including, but not limited to, the Claims and the claims specified in Schedule 2 (each of which is waived by this clause).
- 5.2 The waiver in clause 5.1 shall not apply to the following:
- (a) any claims by you to enforce this agreement;
- (b) claims  in  respect  of  personal  injury  of  which  you  are  not  aware  and  could  not  reasonably  be  expected  to  be  aware  at  the  date  of  this agreement (other than claims under discrimination legislation); and
- (c) any claims in relation to accrued entitlements under the pension scheme you may have benefitted from during your employment with us.
- 5.3 You warrant that:
- (a) before entering into this agreement you received independent advice from the Adviser as to the terms and effect of this agreement and, in particular, on its effect on your ability to pursue the claims specified in Schedule 2 to this agreement;
- (b) the Adviser has confirmed to you that they are a solicitor holding a current practising certificate and that there is in force a policy of insurance covering the risk of a claim by you in respect of any loss arising in consequence of their advice;

- (c) the Adviser shall sign and deliver to us a letter in the form attached as Schedule 3 to this agreement;
- (d) before receiving the advice, you disclosed to the Adviser all facts and circumstances that may give rise to a claim by you against any Group Company or its officers, employees or workers;
- (e) the only claims that you have or may have against any Group Company or its officers, directors, affiliates, employees or workers (whether at the time of entering into this agreement or in the future) relating to your employment with us or its termination are specified in clause 5.1; and
- (f) you  are  not  aware  of  any  facts  or  circumstances  that  may  give  rise  to  any  claim  against  any  Group  Company  or  its  officers,  directors, affiliates, employees or workers other than those claims specified in clause 5.1.

You acknowledge that we acted in reliance on these warranties when entering into this agreement.

- 5.4 You acknowledge that the conditions relating to settlement agreements under section 147(3) of the Equality Act 2010, section 288(2B) of the Trade Union and Labour Relations (Consolidation) Act 1992, section 203(3) of the Employment Rights Act 1996, regulation 35(3) of the Working Time Regulations 1998 ( SI  1998/1833 ),  section  49(4)  of  the  National  Minimum Wage Act  1998,  regulation  41(4)  of  the Transnational  Information  and Consultation etc. Regulations 1999 ( SI 1999/3323 ),  regulation 9 of the Part-Time Workers (Prevention of Less Favourable Treatment) Regulations 2000  ( SI  2000/1551 ),  regulation  10  of  the  Fixed-Term  Employees  (Prevention  of  Less  Favourable  Treatment)  Regulations  2002  ( SI  2002/2034 ), regulation  40(4)  of  the  Information  and  Consultation  of  Employees  Regulations  2004  ( SI  2004/3426 ),  paragraph  13  of  the  Schedule  to  the Occupational and Personal Pension Schemes (Consultation by Employers and Miscellaneous Amendment) Regulations 2006 ( SI 2006/349 ), regulation 62 of the Companies (Cross Border Mergers) Regulations 2007 ( SI 2007/2974 ) and section 58 of the Pensions Act 2008 have been satisfied.
- 5.5 The waiver in clause 5.1 shall have effect irrespective of whether or not, at the date of this agreement, the parties are or could be aware of such claims or have such claims, including but not limited to the circumstances giving rise to them, in their express contemplation (including such claims of which the parties become aware after the date of this agreement in whole or in part as a result of new legislation or the development of common law or equity).
- 5.6 You agree that, except for the payments and benefits provided for in this agreement, and subject to the waiver in clause 5.1, you shall not be eligible for any further payment from any Group Company relating to your employment or its termination and you expressly waive any right or claim that you have or may have to payment of bonuses, any benefit or award programme, under any share plan operated by any Group Company or any stand- alone share  incentive  arrangement,  or  to  any  other  benefit,  payment  or  award  you  may  have  received  had  your  employment  not  terminated  or  for  any compensation for the loss of any such benefit, payment or award.

## 6. Tribunal proceedings

- 6.1 Immediately on execution of this agreement, you shall notify the employment tribunal in writing by email to watfordet@justice.gov.uk , copying our Solicitors, that the Claims are withdrawn having been settled by this agreement, ( the Withdrawal Email ).
- 6.2 Within 2 days of receipt of the first instalment payment, you will notify the employment tribunal in writing by email copying our Solicitors that the Claims should be dismissed (the Dismissal Email).
- 6.3 Neither party shall make or pursue any application for costs, preparation time or wasted costs in connection with the Claims and you shall not object to any application we or our Solicitors make for the Claims to be dismissed in the event you fail to comply with clause 6.2 above.

## 7. Employee indemnities

- 7.1 You shall indemnify us and any Group Company on a continuing basis in respect of any local, regional or national tax, levy or liability, or National Insurance contributions (save for employers' National Insurance contributions) due in respect of the payments and benefits in clause 3 (and any related interest, penalties, costs and expenses). We, or as the case may be, any Group Company shall give you reasonable notice of any demand for tax which may lead to liabilities on you under this indemnity and shall provide you with reasonable access to any documentation you may reasonably require to dispute such a claim (provided that nothing in this clause shall prevent us from complying with our or any Group Company's legal obligations with regard to HMRC or other competent body).
- 7.2 If you breach any material provision of this agreement or pursue a claim against any Group Company or its officers, directors, affiliates, employees or workers arising out of your employment or the termination of your employment, from events occurring after this agreement has been entered into, or otherwise, other than those excluded under clause 5.2, you agree to indemnify any Group Company and its officers, directors, affiliates, employees or workers for any losses suffered as a result, including all reasonable legal and professional fees incurred.

## 8. Company property and information

- 8.1 You warrant as at the date of this agreement, that you do not have in your possession or under your control any property belonging to any Group Company including:
- (a) all documents and copies (whether written, printed, electronic, recorded or otherwise and wherever located) made, compiled or acquired by you during your employment with us or relating to any Group Company's business or affairs or its business contacts, in your possession or under your control.

- (a) Subject to clause 8.1 (b) below, as at the date of this agreement, you warrant that you have erased irretrievably any information relating to any  Group  Company's  business  or  affairs  its  business  contacts,  including  the  material  described  at  clause  8.1(a),  from  computer  and communications systems and devices owned or used by you outside our premises, including such systems and data storage services provided by third parties (to the extent technically practicable)
- (b) and you shall immediately after sending the Dismissal Email erase irretrievably (as set out above) all Confidential Information and Copies including any documents sent to you by our Solicitors in connection with the Claims;
- 8.2 You shall, if requested to do so by the Board, provide a signed statement that you have complied fully with your obligations under clause 8.1 and shall provide it with such reasonable evidence of compliance as may be requested.

## 9. Employee warranties and acknowledgments

- 9.1 As at the date of this agreement, you warrant and represent to us that there are no circumstances of which you are aware or of which you ought reasonably to be aware that would amount to a repudiatory breach by you of any express or implied term of your contract of employment that would entitle (or would have entitled) us to terminate your employment without notice or payment in lieu of notice and any payment to you pursuant to clause 3 is conditional on this being so.
- 9.2 For 12 months from the date of this agreement you agree to make yourself available to, and to cooperate with, any Group Company or its advisers in any internal investigation or administrative, regulatory, judicial or quasi-judicial proceedings. You acknowledge that this could involve, but is not limited  to,  responding  to  or  defending  any  regulatory  or  legal  process,  providing  information  in  relation  to  any  such  process,  preparing  witness statements and giving evidence in person on our behalf. We shall reimburse any reasonable expenses that you incur as a consequence of complying with your obligations under this clause, provided that such expenses are approved in advance by us.
- 9.3 You  acknowledge  that  you  are  not  entitled  to  any  compensation  for  the  loss  of  any  rights  or  benefits  under  any  bonus  plan,  benefit  or  award programme, share plan operated by any Group Company or any stand-alone share incentive arrangement, or for loss of any other benefit, payment or award you may have received had your employment not terminated other than the payments and benefits provided for in this agreement.

- 9.4 Save where compelled to do so by a court of competent jurisdiction, you shall not assist in any way any individual or corporation that is litigating against any Group Company, or threatening to do so.

## 10. Reference

- 10.1 Subject to clause 10.2, on receipt of a written request from a potential employer, we shall provide a reference in the form set out in Schedule 1 to this agreement. If we obtain information after the date of this agreement which would have affected our decision to provide a reference in the form in Schedule 1, we shall inform you and may decline to give a reference, or may give a reference with such modifications as the circumstances require.
- 10.2 For the avoidance of doubt, we reserve the right to make such disclosures as are required by law or regulatory requirement even if such disclosures deviate from the form of reference set out in Schedule 1 to this agreement.

## 11. Ongoing obligations

Despite clause 13, you acknowledge that clause 18, 19 and 23 of your employment contract with us dated 24 January 2022 will continue to apply after the Termination Date.

## 12. Confidentiality

- 12.1 You acknowledge that, as a result of your employment with us, you have had access to Confidential Information. Without prejudice to your common law duties, and subject to clause 12.2, clause 12.6 and clause 12.7, you shall not at any time after the Termination Date:
- (a) use any Confidential Information;
- (b) make or use any Copies; or
- (c) disclose any Confidential Information to any person, company or other organisation whatsoever.
- 12.2 The restrictions in clause 12.1 do not apply to any Confidential Information which is in or comes into the public domain other than through your unauthorised disclosure.
- 12.3 The parties confirm that they have kept and agree to keep the existence and terms of this agreement and the circumstances concerning the termination of your employment confidential, save only:
- (a) to the extent that the circumstances surrounding the termination of your employment have already been disclosed in the Claims; or
- (b) as provided in clause 12.5, clause 12.6 and clause 12.7.

- 12.4 You shall not make any adverse or derogatory comment about any Group Company, or any Group Company's officers, employees or workers and you shall not do anything which shall, or may, bring any Group Company or any Group Company's officers, employees or workers into disrepute. We shall not authorise or encourage any of our officers, employees or workers to make any adverse or derogatory comment about you or to do anything that shall, or may, bring you into disrepute. This clause is subject to clause 12.5, clause 12.6 and clause 12.7.
- 12.5 The parties are permitted to make a disclosure or comment that would otherwise be prohibited by clause 12.3 and clause 12.4 if, where necessary and appropriate:
- (a) in your case, you make it to:
- (i) your spouse, civil partner or partner or immediate family provided that they agree to keep the information confidential;
- (ii) any person who owes you a duty of confidentiality (which you agree not to waive) in respect of information you disclose to them, including your legal or tax advisers or persons providing you with medical, therapeutic, counselling or support services;
- (iii) your insurer for the purposes of processing a claim for loss of employment; or
- (iv) your recruitment consultant or prospective employer to the extent necessary to discuss your employment history; or
- (v) any government benefits agency for the purposes of you making a claim for benefits;
- (b) in our case, we make it to:
- (i) our or any Group Company's officers, employees or workers provided that they agree to keep the information confidential; or
- (ii) any person who owes us or any Group Company a duty of confidentiality (which we agree not to waive) in respect of information we disclose to them, including, our legal, tax, compliance or other professional advisers.
- 12.6 Nothing in this clause 12 shall prevent you or any of our officers, employees, workers or agents from making a protected disclosure under section 43A of the Employment Rights Act 1996.

- 12.7 Nothing in this clause 12 shall prevent you or us (or any of our officers, employees, workers or agents) from:
- (a) reporting a suspected criminal offence to the police or any law enforcement agency or co-operating with the police or any law enforcement agency regarding a criminal investigation or prosecution;
- (b) doing or saying anything that is required by HMRC or a regulator, ombudsman or supervisory authority;
- (c) whether  required  to  or  not,  making  a  disclosure  to,  or  co-operating  with  any  investigation  by,  HMRC  or  a  regulator,  ombudsman  or supervisory authority, regarding any misconduct, wrongdoing or serious breach of regulatory requirements (including giving evidence at a hearing);
- (d) complying with an order from a court or tribunal to disclose or give evidence;
- (e) disclosing information to HMRC for the purposes of establishing and paying (or recouping) tax and National Insurance liabilities arising from your employment or its termination; or
- (f) making any other disclosure as required by law.
- 12.8 We  shall  pay  £100  to  you  as  consideration  for  your  entering  into  the  restrictions  in  this  clause  12,  such  sum  to  be  paid  within  14  days  of  the Termination Date or receipt by us of a copy of this agreement signed by you and receipt by us of a letter from the Adviser as set out in Schedule 3, whichever is later.

## 13. Entire agreement

Each party on behalf of itself and, in our case, as agent for any Group Company acknowledges and agrees with the other party (with us acting on our own behalf and as agent for each Group Company) that:

- (a) this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and any Group Company and supersedes and extinguishes all previous and contemporaneous agreements, promises, assurances, warranties, representations and understandings between them whether written or oral, relating to its subject matter;
- (b) in  entering  into  this  agreement  it  does  not  rely  on,  and  shall  have  no  remedies  in  respect  of,  any  statement,  representation,  assurance  or warranty (whether made innocently or negligently) that is not set out in this agreement; and
- (c) it shall have no claim for innocent or negligent misrepresentation or negligent misstatement based on any statement in this agreement.

## 14. Variation

No variation of this agreement shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by the parties (or their authorised representatives).

## 15. Third party rights

Except  as  expressly  provided  elsewhere  in  this  agreement,  no  person  other  than  you  and  any  Group  Company  shall  have  any  rights  under  the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of this agreement.

## 16. Governing law

This agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales.

## 17. Jurisdiction

Each party irrevocably agrees that the courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with this agreement or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims).

## 18. Subject to contract and without prejudice

This agreement shall be deemed to be without prejudice and subject to contract until such time as it is signed by both parties and dated, when it shall be treated as an open document evidencing a binding agreement.

## 19. Counterparts and execution

This agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall constitute a duplicate original, but all the counterparts shall together constitute the one agreement. Each party agrees to sign this agreement by electronic signature (whatever form the electronic signature takes) and that this method of signature is as conclusive of our intention to be bound by this agreement as if signed by each party's manuscript signature.

This agreement has been entered into on the date stated at the beginning of it.

Signed by DARRAN WILLIAM QUINN , a director, for and on behalf of Canmart Ltd.

/s/ Darran William Quinn

Director

Signed by KATHARYN MULCAIRE FIELD for and on behalf of Akanda Corp .

/s/ Katharyn Mulcaire Field

Interim Chief Executive Officer

Signed by TREVOR SCOTT

/s/ Trevor Scott

## Significant Subsidiaries of Akanda Corp.

The following corporations are wholly owned subsidiaries of Akanda Corp:

| Subsidiary  Jurisdiction  Canmart Limited  England and Wales  Cannahealth Limited  Malta  Bophelo Holdings Ltd.  United Kingdom  Bophelo Bio Science and Wellness (Pty) Ltd.*  Lesotho  Holigen Holdings Limited  Malta  1371011 BC Ltd  Canada   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Bophelo Bio Science and Wellness (Pty) Ltd.is in the process of being liquidated.

## I. SUMMARY

Preventing insider trading is necessary to comply with securities laws and to preserve the reputation and integrity of Akanda Corp. (together with its subsidiaries, the 'Company') as well as that of all persons affiliated with the Company. 'Insider trading' occurs when any person purchases or sells a security while in possession of inside information relating to the security. As explained in Section III below, 'inside information' is information that is both 'material' and 'non-public.' Insider trading is a crime. The penalties for violating insider trading laws include imprisonment, disgorgement of profits, civil fines, and criminal  fines  of  up  to  $5  million  for  individuals  and  $25  million  for  corporations.  Insider  trading  is  also  prohibited  by  this  Insider  Trading  Policy  (this 'Policy'), and violation of this Policy may resultin Company-imposed sanctions, including removal or dismissal for cause.

This  Policy  applies  to  all  officers,  directors  and  employees  of  the  Company.  Individuals  subject  to  this  Policy  are  responsible  for  ensuring  that members of their households also comply with this Policy. This Policy also applies to any entities controlled by individuals subject to the Policy, including any corporations, partnerships or trusts, and transactions by these entities should be treated for the purposes of this Policy and applicable securities laws as if they were forthe  individual's  own  account. This  Policy  extends  to  all  activities  within  and  outside  an  individual's  Company  duties.  Every  officer,  director  and employee must review this Policy.

Questions regarding the Policy should be directed to the Company's Chief Financial Officer.

## II. STATEMENT OF POLICIES PROHIBITING INSIDER TRADING

No officer, director or employee shall purchase or sell any type of security while in possession of material, non-public information relating to the security, whether the issuer of suchsecurity is the Company or any other company.

Additionally, no officer, director or employee shall purchase or sell any security of the Company during the period beginning on the 14th calendar day before the end of any fiscal quarter of the Company and ending upon completion of the second full trading day after the public release of earnings data for such fiscal quarter or during any other tradingsuspension period declared by the Company.

These prohibitions do not apply to:

- purchases of the Company's securities from the Company or sales of theCompany's securities to the Company;
- exercises of stock options or other equity awards or the surrender of shares to the Company in payment of the exercise price or in satisfaction of any tax withholding obligations in a manner permitted by the applicable equity award agreement, or vesting of equity-based awards, that in each case do not involve a market sale of the Company's securities (the 'cashless exercise' of a Company stock option through a broker does involve a market sale of the Company's securities, and therefore would not qualify under this exception);

<!-- image -->

## INSIDER TRADING POLICY

(Adopted as of November 14, 2021)

- bona fide gifts of the Company's securities; or
- purchases or sales of the Company's securities made pursuant to any binding contract, specific instruction or written plan entered into while the purchaser  or  seller,  as  applicable,  was  unaware  of  any  material,  non-public  information  and  which  contract,  instruction  or  plan  (i)  meets  all requirements of the affirmative defense provided by Rule 10b5-1 ('Rule 10b5-1') promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the '1934 Act'), (ii) was pre- cleared in advance pursuant to this Policy and (iii) has not been amended or modified in any respect after such initial pre- clearance without such amendmentor modification being pre-cleared in advance pursuant to this Policy. For more information about Rule 10b5-1 trading plans, see Section VI below.

No officer, director or employee shall directly or indirectly communicate (or 'tip') material, non-public information to anyone outside the Company (except in accordance with theCompany's policies regarding the protection or authorized external disclosure of Company information) or to anyone within the Company other than on a need-to-know basis.

## III. EXPLANATION OF INSIDER TRADING

'Insider trading' refers to the purchase or sale of a security while in possession of'material,' 'non-public' information relating to the security.

'Securities' includes stocks, bonds, notes, debentures, options, warrants and other convertible securities, as well as derivative instruments.

'Purchase' and 'sale' are defined broadly under the federal securities law. 'Purchase' includes not only the actual purchase of a security, but any contract to purchase or otherwise acquire a security. 'Sale' includes not only the actual sale of a security, but any contract to sell or otherwise dispose of a security.  These  definitions  extend  to  a  broad  range  of  transactions,  including  conventional  cash-for-stock  transactions,  conversions,  the  exercise  of  stock options, and acquisitions and exercises of warrants or puts, calls or other derivative securities.

It is generally understood that insider trading includes the following:

- Trading by insiders while in possession of material, non-public information;
- Trading by persons other than insiders while in possession of material, non-public information, if the information either was given in breach of an insider's fiduciaryduty to keep it confidential or was misappropriated; and
- Communicating  or  tipping  material,  non-public  information  to  others,  including  recommending  the  purchase  or  sale  of  a  security  while  in possession of such information.

## A. What Facts are Material?

The materiality of a fact depends upon the circumstances. A fact is considered 'material'if there is a substantial likelihood that a reasonable investor would consider it important in making a decision to buy, sell or hold a security, or if the fact is likely to have a significant effecton the market price of the security. Material information can be positive or negative and can relate to virtually any aspect of a company's business or to any type of security, debt or equity.

Examples of material information include (but are  not  limited  to)  information  about  dividends;  corporate  earnings  or  earnings  forecasts;  possible mergers, acquisitions, tender offers or dispositions; major new products or product developments; important business developments such as major contract awards or cancellations, trial results, developments regarding strategic collaborators or the status of regulatory submissions; management or control changes; significant borrowing or financing developments including pending public sales or offerings of debt or equity securities; defaults on borrowings; bankruptcies; and significant litigation or regulatory actions. Moreover, material information does not have to be related to a company's business.

For example, the contents of a forthcoming newspaper column that is expected to affect the market price of a security can be material.

A good general rule of thumb: When in doubt, do not trade.

## B. What is Non-public?

Information is 'non-public' if it is not available to the general public. In order for information to be considered public, it must be widely disseminated in a manner making it generally available to investors through such media as Dow Jones, Business Wire, Reuters, The Wall Street Journal, Associated Press, or United Press International, a broadcast on widely available radio or television programs, publication in a widely available newspaper, magazine ornews web site, a Regulation FD-compliant conference call, or public disclosure documents filedwith the SEC that are available on the SEC's web site.

The circulation of rumors, even if accurate and reported in the media, does not constitute effective public dissemination. In addition, even after a public announcement, a reasonable period of time must lapse in order for the market to react to the information. Generally, one should allow two full trading days following publication as a reasonable waiting period beforesuch information is deemed to be public.

## C. Who is an Insider?

'Insiders' include officers, directors and employees of a company and anyone else who has material inside information about a company. Insiders have independent fiduciary duties to their company and its stockholders not to trade on material, non-public information relating to the company's securities. All  officers,  directors  and  employees  of  the  Company  should  consider  themselves  insiders  with  respect  to  material,  non-public  information  about  the Company's business, activities and securities. Officers, directors and employees may not trade in the Company's securities while in possession of material, non-public information relating to the Company, nor may they tip such information to anyone outside the Company (except in accordance with the Company's policies regarding the protection or authorized external disclosure of Company information) or to anyone within the Company other than on a need-to- know basis.

Individuals subject to this Policy are responsible for ensuring that members of their households also comply with this Policy. This Policy also applies to any entities controlled by individuals subject to the Policy, including any corporations, partnerships or trusts, and transactions by these entities should be treated for the purposes of this Policy and applicable securities laws as if they were for the individual's own account.

## D. Trading by Persons Other than Insiders

Insiders may be liable for communicating or tipping material, non-public information to a third party ('tippee'), and insider trading violations are not limited to trading or tipping by insiders. Persons other than insiders also can be liable for insider trading, including tippees who trade on material, non-public information tipped to them or individuals who trade on material, non-public information that has been misappropriated.

Tippees inherit an insider's duties and are liable for trading on material, non-public information illegally tipped to them by an insider. Similarly, just as insiders are liable for the insider trading of their tippees, so are tippees who pass the information along to others who trade. In other words, a tippee's liability for insider trading is no different from that of an insider.Tippees can obtain material, non-public information by receiving overt tips from others or through, among other things, conversations at social, business, or other gatherings.

## E. Penalties for Engaging in Insider Trading

Penalties  for  trading  on  or  tipping  material,  non-public  information  can  extend  significantly  beyond  any  profits  made  or  losses  avoided,  both  for individuals engaging in such unlawful conduct and their employers. The Securities and Exchange Commission ('SEC') andDepartment of Justice have made the  civil  and  criminal  prosecution  of  insider  trading  violationsa  top  priority.  Enforcement  remedies  available  to  the  government  or  private  plaintiffs  under thefederal securities laws include:

- SEC administrative sanctions;
- Securities industry self-regulatory organization sanctions;
- Civil injunctions;
- Damage awards to private plaintiffs;
- Disgorgement of all profits;
- Civil fines for the violator of up to three times the amount of profit gained or loss avoided;
- Civil fines for the employer or other controlling person of a violator (i.e., where the violator is an employee or other controlled person) of up to the greater of $1,425,000 or three times the amount of profit gained or loss avoided by the violator;
- Criminal fines for individual violators of up to $5,000,000 ($25,000,000 for an entity); and
- Jail sentences of up to 20 years.

In  addition,  insider  trading  could  result  in  serious  sanctions  by  the  Company,  including  dismissal.  Insider  trading  violations  are  not  limited  to violations  of  the  federal  securities  laws.Other  federal  and  state  civil  or  criminal  laws,  such  as  the  laws  prohibiting  mail  and  wire  fraudand  the  Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO), also may be violated in connection with insider trading.

## F. Size of Transaction and Reason for Transaction Do Not Matter

The size of the transaction or the amount of profit received does not have to be significantto result in prosecution. The SEC has the ability to monitor even the smallest trades, and the SEC performs routine market surveillance. Brokers or dealers are required by law to inform the SEC of any possible violations by people who may have material, non-public information. The SEC aggressively investigates even small insider trading violations.

## G. Examples of Insider Trading

Examples of insider trading cases include actions brought against corporate officers, directors, and employees who traded in a company's securities after learning of significant confidential corporate developments; friends, business associates, family members and other tippees of such officers, directors, and employees  who  traded  in  the  securities  after  receiving  such  information;  government  employees  who  learned  of  such  information  in  the  course  of  their employment; and other persons who misappropriated, and took advantage of, confidential information from their employers.

The following are illustrations of insider trading violations. These illustrations are hypothetical and, consequently, not intended to reflect on the actual activities or business of the Company or any other entity.

## Trading by Insider

An officer of X Corporation learns that earnings to be reported by X Corporation will increase dramatically. Prior to the public announcement of such earnings, the officer purchases X Corporation's stock. The officer, an insider, is liable for all profits as well aspenalties of up to three times the amount of all profits. The officer also is subject to, among other things, criminal prosecution, including up to $5,000,000 in additional fines and 20 years in jail. Depending upon the circumstances, X Corporation and the individual to whom the officer reports also could be liable as controlling persons.

## Trading by Tippee

An officer of X Corporation tells a friend that X Corporation is about to publicly announce that it has concluded an agreement for a major acquisition. This tip causes the friend to purchase X Corporation's stock in advance of the announcement. The officer is jointly liable with his friend for all of the friend's profits, and each is liable for all civil penalties of up to three times the amount of the friend's profits. The officer and his friendare also subject to criminal prosecution and other remedies and sanctions, as described above.

## H. Prohibition of Records Falsification and False Statements

Section 13(b)(2) of the 1934 Act requires companies subject to the Act to maintain proper internal books and records and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls. The SEC has supplemented the statutory requirements by adopting rules that prohibit (1) any person from falsifying  records  or  accounts  subject  to  the  above  requirements  and  (2)  officers  or  directors  from  making  any  materially  false,  misleading,  or  incomplete statement to any accountant in connection with any audit or filing with the SEC. These provisions reflect the SEC's intent to discourage officers, directors and other persons with access to the Company'sbooks and records from taking action that might result in the communication of materially misleading financial information to the investing public.

## IV. STATEMENT OF PROCEDURES PREVENTING INSIDER TRADING

The  following  procedures  have  been  established,  and  will  be  maintained  and  enforced,  bythe  Company  to  prevent  insider  trading.  Every  officer, director and employee is required to follow these procedures.

## A. Pre-Clearance of All Trades by All Officers, Directors and Employees

To provide assistance in preventing inadvertent violations of applicable securities laws and to avoid the appearance of impropriety in connection with the  purchase  and  sale  of  the  Company's  securities, all  transactions  in  the  Company's  securities  (including  without  limitation,  acquisitions  and dispositions of Company stock, the exercise of stock options and the sale of Company stock issued upon exercise of stock options) by officers, directors and employees (each, a 'Pre-Clearance Person') must be pre-cleared by the Company's Chief Financial Officer. Pre-clearance does not relieve anyone of his or her responsibility underSEC rules.

A request for pre-clearance may be oral or in writing (including by e-mail), should be made at least two business days in advance of the proposed transaction and should include the identity of the Pre-Clearance Person, the type of proposed transaction (for example, an open market purchase, a privately negotiated sale, an option exercise, etc.), the proposed date of the transaction and the number of shares or other securities to be involved. In addition, the PreClearance  Person  must  execute  a  certification  (in  the  form  approved  by  the  Chief  Financial  Officer)  that  he  or  she  is  not  aware  of  material  nonpublic information about the Company. The Chief Financial Officer shall have sole discretion to decide whether to clear any contemplated transaction. (The Chief Executive Officer shall have sole discretion to decide whether to clear transactions by the Chief Financial Officer or persons or entities subject to this policy as a result of their relationship with the Chief Financial Officer.) All trades that are pre-cleared must be effected within five (5) business days of receipt of the preclearance unless a specific exception hasbeen granted by the Chief Financial Officer. A pre-cleared trade (or any portion of a pre-cleared trade) that has not been  effected  during  the  five  (5)  business  day  period  must  be  pre-cleared  again  prior  to  execution.  Notwithstanding  receipt  of  pre-clearance,  if  the  PreClearance Person becomes aware of material non-public information or becomes subject to a black-out period before the transaction is effected, the transaction may not be completed.

None of the Company, the Chief Financial Officer or the Company's other employees will have any liability for any delay in reviewing, or refusal of, a request for pre-clearance submitted pursuant to this Section IV.A. Notwithstanding any pre-clearance of a transaction pursuant to this Section IV.A, none of the Company, the Chief Financial Officer or the Company's other employees assumes any liability for the legality or consequencesof such transaction to the person engaging in such transaction.

## B. Black-Out Periods

Additionally, no officer, director or employee shall purchase or sell any security of the Company during the period beginning on the 14th calendar day before the end of any fiscal quarter of the Company and ending upon completion of the second full trading dayafter the public release of earnings data for such fiscal quarter or during any other tradingsuspension period declared by the Company, except for:

- purchases of the Company's securities from the Company or sales of theCompany's securities to the Company;
- exercises of stock options or other equity awards the surrender of shares to the Company in payment of the exercise price or in satisfaction of any tax  withholding  obligations  in  a  manner  permitted  by  the  applicable  equity  award  agreement,  or  vesting  of  equity-based  awards  that  do  not involve a market sale ofthe Company's securities (the 'cashless exercise' of a Company stock option through a broker does involve a market sale of the Company's securities, and therefore would not qualify under this exception);
- bona fide gifts of the Company's securities; and
- purchases or sales of the Company's securities made pursuant to any binding contract, specific instruction or written plan entered into while the purchaser  or  seller,  as  applicable,  was  unaware  of  any  material,  non-public  information  and  which  contract,  instruction  or  plan  (i)  meets  all requirements of the affirmative defense provided by Rule 10b5-1, (ii) was pre-cleared in advance pursuant to thisPolicy and (iii) has not been amended  or  modified  in  any  respect  after  such  initialpre-clearance  without  such  amendment  or  modification  being  pre-cleared  in  advance pursuant to this Policy.

Exceptions to the black-out period policy may be approved only by the Company's Chief Financial Officer or, in the case of exceptions for directors, the Board of Directors.

From time to time, the Company, through the Board of Directors, the Company's disclosure committee, if any, or the Chief Financial Officer, may recommend that officers, directors, employees or others suspend trading in the Company's securities because of developments that have not yet been disclosed to the public. Subject to the exceptions noted above, all those affected should not trade in our securities while the suspension is in effect, andshould not disclose to others that we have suspended trading.

## C. Post-Termination Transactions

With the exception of the pre-clearance requirement, this Policy continues to apply to transactions in the Company's securities even after termination of service to the Company. If an individual is in possession of material, non-public information when his or her service terminates, that individual may not trade in the Company's securities until that information has become public or is no longer material.

## D. Information Relating to the Company

## 1. Access to Information

Access  to  material,  non-public  information  about  the  Company,  including  the  Company's  business,  earnings  or  prospects,  should  be  limited  to officers, directors and employees of the Company on a need-to-know basis. In addition, such information should not be communicated to anyone outside the Company under any circumstances (except in accordance with the Company's policies regarding the protection or authorized external disclosure of Company information) or to anyone within the Company on an other than need-to-know basis.

In communicating material, non-public information to employees of the Company, all officers, directors and employees must take care to emphasize the need for confidential treatmentof such information and adherence to the Company's policies with regard to confidential information.

## 2. Inquiries from Third Parties

Inquiries from third parties, such as industry analysts or members of the media, about the Company should be directed to the Chief Financial Officer.

## E. Limitations on Access to Company Information

The following procedures are designed to maintain confidentiality with respect to the Company's business operations and activities.

All officers, directors and employees should take all steps and precautions necessary to restrict access to, and secure, material, non-public information by, among other things:

- Maintaining the confidentiality of Company-related transactions;
- Conducting  their  business  and  social  activities  so  as  not  to  risk  inadvertent  disclosure  of  confidential  information.  Review  of  confidential documents in public places should be conducted so as to prevent access by unauthorized persons;
- Restricting access to documents and files (including computer files) containing material, non-public information to individuals on a need-to-know basis (including maintaining control over the distribution of documents and drafts ofdocuments);
- Promptly  removing  and  cleaning  up  all  confidential  documents  and  other  materials  from  conference  rooms  following  the  conclusion  of  any meetings;
- Disposing of all confidential documents and other papers, after there is no longerany business or other legally required need, through shredders when appropriate;
- Restricting access to areas likely to contain confidential documents or material,non- public information;
- Safeguarding laptop computers, tablets, memory sticks, CDs and other items that contain confidential information; and
- Avoiding the discussion of material, non-public information in places where the information could be overheard by others such as in elevators, restrooms, hallways, restaurants, airplanes or taxicabs.

Personnel involved with material, non-public information, to the extent feasible, should conduct their business and activities in areas separate from other Company activities.

## V. ADDITIONAL PROHIBITED TRANSACTIONS

The Company has determined that there is a heightened legal risk and/or the appearance of improper or inappropriate conduct if the persons subject to this Policy engage in certain typesof transactions. Therefore, officers, directors and employees shall comply with the following policies with respect to certain transactions in the Company securities:

## A. Short Sales

Short sales of the Company's securities evidence an expectation on the part of the seller that the securities will decline in value, and therefore signal to the market that the seller has no confidence in the Company or its short-term prospects. In addition, short sales may reduce the seller's incentive to improve the Company's performance. For these reasons, short sales of the Company's securities are prohibited by this Policy.

## B. Publicly Traded Options

A transaction in options is, in effect, a bet on the short-term movement of the Company's stock and therefore creates the appearance that an officer, director or employee is trading based on inside information. Transactions in options also may focus an officer's, director's or employee's attention on shortterm performance at the expense of the Company's long-term objectives. Accordingly, transactions in puts, calls or other derivative securities involving the Company's equity securities, on an exchange or in any other organized market, are prohibited bythis Policy.

## C. Hedging Transactions

Certain forms of hedging or monetization transactions, such as zero-cost collars and forward sale contracts, allow an officer, director or employee to lock in much of the value of hisor her stock holdings, often in exchange for all or part of the potential for upside appreciation inthe stock. These transactions allow the officer, director or employee to continue to own the covered securities, but without the full risks and rewards of ownership. When that occurs, the officer,  director  or  employee  may  no  longer  have  the  same  objectives  as  the  Company's  other  stockholders.  Therefore,  such  transactions  involving  the Company's equity securities are prohibited by this Policy.

## D. Purchases of the Company's Securities on Margin; Pledging the Company'sSecurities to Secure Margin or Other Loans

Purchasing on margin means borrowing from a brokerage firm, bank or other entity in order to purchase the Company's securities (other than in connection with a cashless exercise of stock options under the Company's equity plans). Margin purchases of the Company's securitiesare prohibited by this Policy. Pledging the Company's securities as collateral to secure loans is also prohibited. This prohibition means, among other things, that you cannot hold the Company's securities in a 'margin account' (which would allow you to borrow against yourholdings to buy securities).

## E. Director and Executive Officer Cashless Exercises

The Company will not arrange with brokers to administer cashless exercises on behalf of directors and executive officers of the Company. Directors and  executive  officers  of  the  Company  may  use  the  cashless  exercise  feature  of  their  equity  awards  only  if  (i)  the  director  or  officer  retains  a  broker independently of the Company, (ii) the Company's involvement is limitedto confirming that it will deliver the stock promptly upon payment of the exercise price and (iii) the director or officer uses a 'T+3' cashless exercise arrangement, in which the Company agreesto deliver stock against the payment of the purchase price on the same day the sale of the stock underlying the equity award settles. Under a T+3 cashless exercise, a broker, the issuer, and the issuer's transfer agent work together to make all transactions settle simultaneously. This approach is to avoid any inference that the Company has 'extended credit' in the form of a personal loan to the director or executive officer. Questions about cashless exercises should be directed to the Chief Financial Officer.

## VI. RULE 10b5-1 TRADING PLANS AND RULE 144

## A. Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans

## 1. Overview

Rule  10b5-1  will  protect  directors,  officers  and  employees  from  insider  trading  liability  under  Rule  10b5-1  for  transactions  under  a  previously established contract, plan or instruction totrade in the Company's stock (a 'Trading Plan') entered into in good faith and in accordance with the terms of Rule 10b5-1 and all applicable state laws and will be exempt from the trading restrictions set forth in this Policy. The initiation of, and any modification to, any such Trading Plan will be deemed to be a transaction in the Company's securities, and such initiation or modification is subject to all limitations and prohibitions relating  to  transactions  in  the  Company's  securities.  Each  such Trading  Plan,  and  any  modification  thereof,  must  be  submittedto  and  pre-approved  by  the Company's Chief Financial Officer, or such other person as the Board of Directors may designate from time to time (the 'Authorizing Officer'), who may impose  such  conditions  on  the  implementation  and  operation  of  the  Trading  Plan  as  the  Authorizing  Officer  deems  necessary  or  advisable.  However, compliance of the Trading Plan tothe terms of Rule 10b5-1 and the execution of transactions pursuant to the Trading Plan are the sole responsibility of the person initiating the Trading Plan, not the Company or the AuthorizingOfficer.

Rule 10b5-1 presents an opportunity for insiders to establish arrangements to sell (or purchase) Company stock without the restrictions of trading windows and black-out periods, even when there is undisclosed material information. A Trading Plan may also help reduce negative publicity that may result when key executives sell the Company's stock. Rule 10b5-1 only provides an 'affirmative defense' in the event there is an insider trading lawsuit. It does notprevent someone from bringing a lawsuit.

A director, officer or employee may enter into a Trading Plan only when he or she is not in possession of material, non-public information, and only during a trading window period outside of the trading black-out period.

The Company reserves the right from time to time to suspend, discontinue or otherwise prohibit any transaction in the Company's securities, even pursuant  to  a  previously  approved  Trading  Plan,  if  the Authorizing  Officer  or  the  Board  of  Directors,  in  its  discretion,  determines  that  such  suspension, discontinuation or other prohibition is in the best interests of the Company.Any Trading Plan submitted for approval hereunder should explicitly acknowledge the Company's right to prohibit transactions in the Company's securities. Failure to discontinue purchases and sales as directed shall constitute a violation of the terms of this Section VI and result in a loss of the exemption set forth herein.

Officers, directors and employees may adopt Trading Plans with brokers that outline a pre- set plan for trading of the Company's stock, including the exercise  of  options. Trades  pursuant  to  a Trading  Plan  generally  may  occur  at  any  time.  However,  the  Company  requires  a  cooling-off  period  of  30  days between the establishment of a Trading Plan and commencementof any transactions under such plan. An individual may adopt more than one Trading Plan. Please review the following description of how a Trading Plan works.

Pursuant to Rule 10b5-1, an individual's purchase or sale of securities will not be 'on the basis of' material, non-public information if:

- First,  before  becoming  aware  of  the  information,  the  individual  enters  into  a  binding  contract  to  purchase  or  sell  the  securities,  provides instructions to anotherperson to sell the securities or adopts a written plan for trading the securities (i.e.,the Trading Plan).

- Second, the Trading Plan must either:
- specify the amount of securities to be purchased or sold, the price at whichthe securities are to be purchased or sold and the date on which the securities are to be purchased or sold;
- include a written formula or computer program for determining theamount, price and date of the transactions; or
- prohibit the individual from exercising any subsequent influence over the purchase or sale of the Company's stock under the Trading Plan in question.
- Third, the purchase or sale must occur pursuant to the Trading Plan and the individual must not enter into a corresponding hedging transaction or alter ordeviate from the Trading Plan.

## 2. Revocation of and Amendments to Trading Plans

Revocation of Trading Plans should occur only in unusual circumstances. Effectivenessof any revocation or amendment of a Trading Plan will be subject to the prior review and approval of the Authorizing Officer. Once a Trading Plan has been revoked, the participant should wait at least 30 days before trading outside of a Trading Plan and 180 days before establishing a new Trading Plan. You should note that revocation of a Trading Plan can result inthe loss of an affirmative defense for past or future transactions under a Trading Plan. You should consult with your own legal counsel before deciding to revoke a Trading Plan. In any event, you should not assume that compliance with the 180-day bar will protect you from possible adverse legal consequences of a Trading Plan revocation.

A person acting in good faith may amend a prior Trading Plan so long as such amendments are made outside of a quarterly trading black-out period and at a time when the Trading Plan participant does not possess material, non-public information. Plan amendmentsmust not take effect for at least 30 days after the plan amendments are made.

Under  certain  circumstances,  a  Trading  Plan must be  revoked.  This  may  include  circumstances  such  as  the  announcement  of  a  merger  or  the occurrence of an event that would cause the transaction either to violate the law or to have an adverse effect on the Company. The Authorizing Officer or administrator of the Company's stock plans is authorized to notify the broker in such circumstances, thereby insulating the insider in the event of revocation.

## 3. Discretionary Plans

Although non-discretionary Trading Plans are preferred, discretionary Trading Plans,where the discretion or control over trading is transferred to a broker, are permitted if pre- approved by the Authorizing Officer.

The Authorizing Officer must pre-approve any Trading Plan, arrangement or trading instructions, etc., involving potential sales or purchases of the Company's  stock  or  option  exercises,  including  but  not  limited  to,  blind  trusts,  discretionary  accounts  with  banks  or  brokers,or  limit  orders.  The  actual transactions effected pursuant to a pre-approved Trading Plan will notbe subject to further pre-clearance for transactions in the Company's stock once the Trading Planor other arrangement has been pre-approved.

## 4. Reporting (if Required)

If required, an SEC Form 144 will be filled out and filed by the individual/brokerage firmin accordance with the existing rules regarding Form 144 filings. A footnote at the bottom of theForm 144 should indicate that the trades 'are in accordance with a Trading Plan that complies with Rule 10b5-1 and expires .'

## 5. Options

Exercises  of  options  for  cash  may  be  executed  at  any  time.  'Cashless  exercise'  option  exercises  are  subject  to  trading  windows.  However,  the Company will permit same day sales under Trading Plans. If a broker is required to execute a cashless exercise in accordance with a Trading Plan, then the Company must have exercise forms attached to the Trading Plan that are signed, undated and with the number of shares to be exercised left blank. Once a broker determines that the time is right to exercise the option and dispose of the shares in accordance with the Trading Plan, the broker will notify the Company in writing and the administrator of theCompany's stock plans will fill in the number of shares and the date of exercise on the previously signed exercise form. The insider should not be involved with this part of the exercise.

## 6. Trades Outside of a Trading Plan

During an open trading window, trades differing from Trading Plan instructions that are already in place are allowed as long as the Trading Plan continues to be followed.

## 7. Public Announcements

The Company may make a public announcement that Trading Plans are being implemented in accordance with Rule 10b5-1. It will consider in each case whether a public announcement of a particular Trading Plan should be made. It may also make public announcements or respond to inquiries from the media as transactions are made under a TradingPlan.

## 8. Prohibited Transactions

The transactions prohibited under Section V of this Policy, including among others shortsales and hedging transactions, may not be carried out through a Trading Plan or other arrangement or trading instruction involving potential sales or purchases of the Company's securities.

## 9. Limitation on Liability

None of the Company, the Authorizing Officer or the Company's other employees will have any liability for any delay in reviewing, or refusal of, a Trading Plan submitted pursuant tothis Section VI.A. Notwithstanding any review of a Trading Plan pursuant to this Section VI.A,none of the Company, the Authorizing Officer or  the  Company's  other  employees  assumes  any  liability  for  the  legality  or  consequences  relating  to  such Trading  Plan  to  the  person adopting such Trading Plan.

## B. Rule 144 (Applicable to Officers, Directors and 10% Stockholders)

Rule 144 provides a safe harbor exemption to the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, for certain resales of 'restricted securities'  and  'control  securities.'  'Restricted  securities'  are  securities  acquired  from  an  issuer,  or  an  affiliate  of  an  issuer,  in  a  transaction  or  chain  of transactions not involving a public offering. 'Control securities' are any securities owned by directors, executive officers or other 'affiliates' of the issuer, including stock purchased in the open market and stock received upon exercise of stockoptions. Sales of Company securities by affiliates (generally, directors, officers and 10% stockholders of the Company) must comply with the requirements of Rule 144, which are summarized below:

- Current Public Information. The Company must have filed all SEC-required reports during the last 12 months.
- Volume Limitations. Total sales of Company common stock by a covered individual for any three-month period may not exceed the greater of: (i) 1% of the total number of outstanding shares of Company common stock, as reflected in the most recent report or statement published by the Company, or (ii) the average weekly reported volume of such shares traded during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of the requisite Form 144.
- Method  of  Sale. The  shares  must  be  sold  either  in  a  'broker's  transaction'  or  in  atransaction  directly  with  a  'market  maker.'  A  'broker's transaction' is one in which the broker does no more than execute the sale order and receive the usual and customary commission. Neither the broker nor the selling person can solicit or arrange for the sale order. In addition, the selling person or Board member must not pay any fee or commission other than to the broker. A 'market maker' includes a specialist permitted to act as a dealer, a dealer acting in the position of a block positioner, and a dealer who holds himself out as being willing to buy andsell Company common stock for his own account on a regular and continuous basis.
- Notice of Proposed Sale. A notice of the sale (a Form 144) must be filed with the SEC at the time of the sale. Brokers generally have internal procedures for executing sales under Rule 144 and will assist you in completing the Form 144 and in complying with the other requirements of Rule 144.

If  you  are  subject  to  Rule  144,  you  must  instruct  your  broker  who  handles  trades  inCompany  securities  to  follow  the  brokerage  firm's  Rule  144 compliance procedures in connection with all trades.

## VII. EXECUTION AND RETURN OF CERTIFICATION OF COMPLIANCE

After reading this Policy, all officers, directors and employees should execute and returnto the Company's Chief Financial Officer the Certification of Compliance form attached heretoas 'Attachment A.'

## ATTACHMENT A

## CERTIFICATION OF COMPLIANCE

RETURN BY [ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_] [insert return deadline]

TO: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, Chief Financial Officer FROM: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

RE:

INSIDER TRADING POLICY OF AKANDA CORP.

I  have  received,  reviewed and understand the above-referenced Insider Trading Policy and undertake, as a condition to my present and continued employment (or, ifI am not an employee, affiliation with) Akanda Corp., to comply fully with the policies and procedures contained therein.

I hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that during the calendar year endingDecember 31, 20[\_], I have complied fully with all policies and procedures set forth in the above-referenced Insider Trading Policy.

SIGNATURE

DATE

TITLE

14

## I, Katie Field, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 20-F of Akanda Corp;
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4. The  company's  other  certifying  officer  and  I  are  responsible  for  establishing  and  maintaining  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  (as  defined  in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d15(f)) for the company and have:
5. (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
6. (b) Designed  such  internal  control  over  financial  reporting,  or  caused  such  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  to  be  designed  under  my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
7. (c) Evaluated  the  effectiveness  of  the  company's  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  and  presented  in  this  report  my  conclusions  about  the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
8. (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the company's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by the annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the company's internal control over financial reporting; and
5. The company's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the company's auditors and the audit committee of the company's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
10. (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the company's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
11. (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the company's internal control over financial reporting.

Date: May 1, 2024

## /s/ Katie Field

Katie Field

Interim Chief Executive Officer and Director

## Certification of the Chief Executive Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

## I, Gurcharn Deol, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 20-F of Akanda Corp;
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4. The  company's  other  certifying  officer  and  I  are  responsible  for  establishing  and  maintaining  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  (as  defined  in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d15(f)) for the company and have:
5. (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
6. (b) Designed  such  internal  control  over  financial  reporting,  or  caused  such  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  to  be  designed  under  my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
7. (c) Evaluated  the  effectiveness  of  the  company's  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  and  presented  in  this  report  my  conclusions  about  the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
8. (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the company's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by the annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the company's internal control over financial reporting; and
5. The company's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the company's auditors and the audit committee of the company's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
10. (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the company's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
11. (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the company's internal control over financial reporting.

Date: May 1, 2024

/s/ Gurcharn Deol Gurcharn Deol Chief Financial Officer

## Certification of the Chief Financial Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

## Certification of the Chief Executive Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 'Exchange Act'), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. §1350), Katie Field, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Director of Akanda Corp. (the 'Company'), hereby certifies that, to the best of her knowledge:

1. The Company's Annual Report on Form 20-F for the period ended December 31, 2023, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 13.1 (the 'Annual Report'), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and
2. The  information  contained  in  the Annual  Report  fairly  presents,  in  all  material  respects,  the  financial  condition  and  results  of  operations  of  the Company.

Date: May 1, 2024

## /s/ Katie Field

## Katie Field

Interim Chief Executive Officer and Director

This  certification  accompanies  the  Form  20-F  to  which  it  relates,  is  not  deemed  filed  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  and  is  not  to  be incorporated by reference into any filing of Akanda Corp. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 20-F), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

## Certification of the Chief Financial Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 'Exchange Act'), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. §1350), Gurcharn Deol, Chief Financial Officer of Akanda Corp. (the 'Company'), hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge:

1. The Company's Annual Report on Form 20-F for the period ended December 31, 2023, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 13.2 (the 'Annual Report'), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and
2. The  information  contained  in  the Annual  Report  fairly  presents,  in  all  material  respects,  the  financial  condition  and  results  of  operations  of  the Company.

Date: May 1, 2024

## /s/ Gurcharn Deol

## Gurcharn Deol

Chief Financial Officer

This  certification  accompanies  the  Form  20-F  to  which  it  relates,  is  not  deemed  filed  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  and  is  not  to  be incorporated by reference into any filing of Akanda Corp. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 20-F), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

<!-- image -->

To the Board of Directors of Akanda Corp.

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in each of the Akanda Corp.'s  Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 264450, No. 267976 and No. 273245) of our report dated April 30, 2024, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Akanda Corp., which appears in this Form 20-F.

May 1, 2024

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2022 Los Angeles, California

PCAOB ID Number 6580

## AKANDA CORP.

## INCENTIVE COMPENSATION RECOVERY POLICY

The Board of Directors (the ' Board ') of Akanda Corp. (the ' Company ') has adopted this Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy (the ' Policy '), effective as of December 1, 2023 (the ' Effective Date '). Capitalized terms used in this Policy that are not defined elsewhere in the text of this Policy are defined in Section 12.

## 1. Persons Subject to Policy

This Policy will apply to current and former Officers of the Company. Each Officer is required to sign an acknowledgement agreeing to be bound by the terms of the Policy. However, even if an Officer fails to sign the acknowledgment, this Policy will continue to apply to the Officer.

## 2. Compensation Subject to Policy

This Policy applies to Incentive-Based Compensation 'received' on or after the Effective Date and during the applicable Three-Year Period by anyone who served as an Officer during the performance period applicable to such Incentive-Based Compensation. The date on which Incentive-Based Compensation is 'received' is determined under the Applicable Rules, which generally provide that Incentive-Based Compensation is 'received' in the Company's fiscal period during which the relevant Financial Reporting Measure is attained or satisfied, without regard to whether the grant, vesting or payment of the Incentive-Based Compensation occurs after the end of that period.

## 3. Recovery of Compensation

In  the  event  that  the  Company  is  required  to  prepare  a  Restatement,  the  Company  will  reasonably  promptly  recover  the  portion  of  any  Incentive-Based Compensation that is Erroneously Awarded Compensation, unless the Committee has determined that recovery would be impracticable in accordance with Section 11. This recovery is required regardless of whether the Officer engaged in misconduct or otherwise caused or contributed to the requirement for the Restatement and regardless of whether or when restated financial statements are filed by the Company. For clarity, no person may have the right to voluntarily terminate employment for 'good reason,' or due to a 'constructive termination' (or any similar term of like effect) under any plan, program or policy of or agreement with the Company or any of its affiliates solely as a result of the recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation under this Policy in a manner that is consistent with the requirements of the Applicable Rules.

## 4. Manner of Recovery; Limitation on Duplicative Recovery

The  Committee  will  determine  the  manner  of  recovery  of  any  Erroneously Awarded  Compensation,  which  may  include,  without  limitation,  reduction  or cancellation  by  the  Company  or  an  affiliate  of  the  Company  of  Incentive-Based  Compensation  or  Erroneously  Awarded  Compensation,  requiring  the reimbursement or repayment by any person subject to this Policy of the Erroneously Awarded Compensation, and, to the extent permitted by law, an offset of the Erroneously Awarded Compensation against other compensation payable by the Company or an affiliate of the Company to such person. Notwithstanding the  foregoing,  unless  otherwise  prohibited  by  the Applicable Rules, to the extent this Policy provides for recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation already  recovered  by  the  Company  pursuant  to  Sarbanes-Oxley Act  Section  304  or  Other  Recovery Arrangements,  the  amount  of  Erroneously Awarded Compensation already recovered by the Company from the recipient of such Erroneously Awarded Compensation will be credited to the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation required to be recovered pursuant to this Policy from such person.

## 5. Administration

This  Policy  will  be  administered,  interpreted  and  construed  by  the  Committee,  which  is  authorized  to  make  all  determinations  necessary,  appropriate  or advisable for such purpose. The Board may re-vest in itself the authority to administer, interpret and construe this Policy in accordance with applicable law, and in such event references herein to the 'Committee' will be deemed to be references to the Board. Subject to any permitted review by the applicable national securities exchange or association pursuant to the Applicable Rules, all determinations and decisions made by the Committee pursuant to the provisions of this Policy that are consistent with the requirements of the Applicable Rules will be final, conclusive and binding on all persons, including the Company and its affiliates, stockholders and employees. The Committee may delegate administrative duties with respect to this Policy to one or more directors or employees of the Company, as permitted under applicable law.

## 6. Interpretation

This  Policy  will  be  interpreted  and  applied  in  a  manner  that  is  consistent  with  the  requirements  of  the Applicable  Rules,  and  to  the  extent  this  Policy  is inconsistent with such Applicable Rules, it will be deemed amended to the minimum extent necessary to ensure compliance with the Applicable Rules.

## 7. No Indemnification; No Personal Liability

To  the  extent  necessary  to  ensure  compliance  with  the Applicable  Rules,  the  Company  will  not  indemnify  or  insure  any  person  against  the  loss  of  any Erroneously Awarded Compensation pursuant to this Policy and the Company will not, directly or indirectly, pay or reimburse any person for any premiums for third-party  insurance  policies  that  such  person  may  elect  to  purchase  to  fund  such  person's  potential  obligations  under  this  Policy.  No  member  of  the Committee or the Board will have any personal liability to any person as a result of actions taken under this Policy.

## 8. Application; Enforceability

Unless the Committee or the Board determines otherwise, the adoption of this Policy does not limit, and is intended to apply in addition to, any other clawback, recoupment, forfeiture or similar policies or provisions of the Company, including any such policies or provisions of such effect contained in any employment agreement, bonus plan, incentive plan, equity-based plan or award agreement thereunder or similar plan, program or agreement of the Company or required under applicable law (the ' Other Recovery Arrangements '). The remedy in this Policy is not exclusive and is in addition to every other right or remedy at law or in equity that may be available to the Company. Nothing in this Policy shall constitute a waiver of your right to challenge or appear determinations made hereunder.

## 9. Severability

The provisions in this Policy are intended to be applied to the fullest extent of the law; provided, however, to the extent that any provision of this Policy is found to be unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law, such provision will be applied to the maximum extent permitted, and will automatically be deemed amended in a manner consistent with its objectives to the extent necessary to conform to any limitations required under applicable law.

## 10. Amendment and Termination

The Board or the Committee may amend, modify or terminate this Policy in whole or in part at any time and from time to time in its sole discretion in order to comply with any applicable law, rule, regulation, order, decree, or judicial, regulatory, or Nasdaq interpretation of the same. The Company will provide prompt written notice of any proposed amendment or modification to any current or former Officer to whom it may apply. The notice will be deemed given if it is sent by certified or registered mail to the Officer's latest address as set forth in the Company's records or to the Officer's Company email address. This Policy will terminate automatically when the Company does not have a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or association.

## 11. Impracticability

The Company shall recover any Erroneously Awarded Compensation in accordance with this Policy, except to the extent that certain conditions are met and the Board or the Committee has determined that such recovery would be impracticable, all in accordance with the Applicable Rules.

## 12. Definitions

' Applicable Rules ' means Section 10D of the Exchange Act, Exchange Act Rule 10D-1, the listing rules of the national securities exchange or association on which the Company's securities are listed, and any applicable rules or other guidance adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission or any national securities exchange or association on which the Company's securities are listed.

' Committee ' means the Compensation Committee of the Board.

' Erroneously Awarded Compensation ' means the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation received by a current or former Officer that exceeds the amount of  Incentive-Based  Compensation  that  would  have  been  received  by  such  current  or  former  Officer  based  on  a  restated  Financial  Reporting  Measure,  as determined on a pre-tax basis in accordance with the Applicable Rules.

' Exchange Act ' means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

' Financial Reporting Measure ' means any measure determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company's financial statements, and any measures derived wholly or in part from such measures, including IFRS, GAAP and non-GAAP/IFRS financial measures, as well as stock price and total stockholder return.

' GAAP ' means U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

' IFRS ' means international financial reporting standards.

' Incentive-Based Compensation ' means, with respect to a Restatement, any compensation that is granted, earned, or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of one or more Financial Reporting Measures.

' Officer ' means each person who serves as an executive officer of the Company, as defined in Rule 10D-1(d) under the Exchange Act.

' Restatement ' means an accounting restatement to correct the Company's material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under securities laws, including restatements that correct an error in previously issued financial statements (a) that is material to the previously issued financial statements or (b) that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period.

' Three-Year Period ' means, with respect to a Restatement, the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date that the Board, a committee of the Board, or an officer of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare such Restatement, or, if earlier, the date on which a court, regulator or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare such Restatement. The 'Three-Year Period' also includes any transition period (that results from a change in the Company's fiscal year) within or immediately following the three completed fiscal years, to the extent required to comply with the Applicable Rules.

## ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND CONSENT TO INCENTIVE COMPENSATION RECOVERY POLICY

The undersigned has received a copy of the Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy (the 'Policy') adopted by Akanda Corp. (the 'Company') and agrees to the terms of the Policy such that compensation received by the undersigned may be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture and/or recoupment to the extent  necessary  to  comply  with  the  Policy,  notwithstanding  any  other  agreement  to  the  contrary. The  undersigned  also  acknowledges  and  agrees  that  the undersigned is not entitled to indemnification in connection with any enforcement of the Policy to the extent set forth in the Policy and expressly waives any rights to such indemnification under the Company's organizational documents or otherwise. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing waiver shall not impact any right to advancement of legal fees.

Date

Signature

Name

Title

4