<!-- image -->

2022 ANNUAL REPORT

8

5000

4000

3000

2000

1000

0

## 2022 in brief

- Ÿ Net interest-bearing debt reduced by NOK 431 million through the year, mainly driven by the sale of preference shares held in Odfjell Drilling
- Ÿ Strong activity growth year-over-year across almost all portfolio companies
- Ÿ HMH executed on synergy plan with wave one of ERP implementation completed. Bridge loan facility refinanced with new Nordic bond of USD 150 million.
- Ÿ New four-year contract for Aker Wayfarer with a total value of around USD 282 million secured within AKOFS Offshore
- Ÿ DRU arbitration proceeding was further progressed, with hearing concluded last week of February 2023. Arbitration outcome expected in second half of 2023.
- Ÿ Agreement to divest Cool Sorption entered into in the year, with closing completed in February 2023

## Net capital employeed per year end 2022

NOK million

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## TABLE OF CONTENTS

| 01.  BOARD OF DIRECTORS' REPORT  4  02.  DECLARATION BY THE BOARD  OF DIRECTORS AND CEO  14  03.  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT  - AKASTOR ASA  15  04.  FINANCIALS AND NOTES  24  a. Akastor Group  24  b. Akastor ASA  77  05.  AUDITOR'S REPORT  89  06.  ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE  MEASURES  94  07.  BOARD OF DIRECTORS  96  08.  MANAGEMENT  99  09.  COMPANY INFORMATION  100   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## 01. BOARD OF DIRECTORS' REPORT

Akastor  is  an  investment  company  based  in  Norway  with  a portfolio  of  companies  in  the  oilfield  services  sector,  with  a flexible  mandate  for  active  ownership  and  long-term  value creation.  The  shares  of Akastor ASA  are  traded  on  the  Oslo Stock Exchange under the ticker AKAST. The Akastor portfolio of companies had a total net capital employed of NOK 4.6 billion at the end of 2022.

## Highlights 2022

2022 will be remembered first and foremost by the geopolitical tension  seen  in  the  world,  escalated  by  Russia's  invasion  of Ukraine in February. The war in Ukraine had effect on energy prices and led to increasing oil prices through the first half of 2022,  primarily because  of  supply  concerns  and  low  oil inventories going into 2022. Through the second half of 2022, oil prices decreased driven by fear of recession and lower global activity  levels  following  high  global  inflation  seen  through  the year, partly driven by energy prices. Despite a volatile year in terms of crude oil prices, with only a moderate price increase year-over-year, the activity within oil and gas related businesses increased  and  is  expected  to  further  increase  in  2023  and forward  driven  by  high  focus  on  energy  security  and  higher global activity  following  the  normalization  after  the  COVID-19 pandemic. For Akastor, the increase in offshore upstream capex seen through 2022 and higher rig activity had positive bearing on activity levels throughout the Akastor portfolio of companies. Despite uncertainty related to inflation and increasing interest rates threatening global growth as well as geopolitical instability, the prospects for Akastor going into 2023 look promising based on continued estimated growth for energy related businesses.

In January, Akastor announced that its 50% owned joint venture HMH Holding B.V. (HMH) had successfully completed a USD 150 million senior secured bond issue with a tenor of 3 years with net proceeds  used for repayment of a bridge loan. The bond loan was listed at the Oslo Stock Exchange in November.

In July, Akastor's 50% owned joint venture AKOFS Offshore AS (AKOFS  Offshore)  entered  into  a  firm  contract  for  its  vessel 'Aker Wayfarer' in order for the vessel to continue to perform services  as  a  subsea  equipment  support  vessel  (SESV)  for Petrobras  in  Brazil.  The  duration  of  the  contract  is  around  4 years, and the services are expected to commence in the first half of 2023. Total contract value was about USD 282 million, of which  about  USD  198  million  will  be  revenue  allocated  to AKOFS Offshore and included in the company's backlog.

In September,  Akastor  announced  that  its  wholly  owned subsidiary, DDW Offshore, had been awarded a firm one year contract by Petrofac for the AHTS vessel Skandi Atlantic with contract start in September 2022.

In November, Akastor sold the preference shares held in Odfjell Drilling  for  a  value  of  USD  95.2  million,  of  which  USD  75.2 million was settled in cash at closing. The remaining USD 20 million is to be settled pursuant to a seller's credit agreement with maturity date July 31, 2024. The warrants held in Odfjell Drilling were not part of the transaction and remain with Akastor. The transaction reduced net debt and strengthened the financial position of Akastor.

In December, Akastor announced a change in the management team of HMH as Chairperson &amp; Chief Executive Officer, Merrill A. ('Pete') Miller, Jr, was to step down as Chief Executive Officer at the end of 2022. Mr. Miller remains Chairperson of the HMH Board of Directors while Mr. Eirik Bergsvik, former President of the  Equipment  and  System  Solutions  Division  in  HMH,  was elected  to  succeed  Pete  Miller  as  Chief  Executive  Officer, effective from January 1, 2023.

Also  in  December,  Akastor  entered  into  a  share  purchase agreement  with  Diamond  Key  International  Pty.  Ltd.  ('DKI') regarding the sale of all shares held in Cool Sorption A/S ('Cool Sorption') for  DKK 20 million on a cash and debt free basis. Closing of the transaction took place in February 2023.

Akastor's total net capital employed decreased from NOK 5.1 billion in 2021 to NOK 4.6 billion in 2022, mainly driven by the sale of Odfjell Drilling preference shares. Net interest-bearing debt for Akastor was reduced from NOK 1.0 billion per year end 2021 to NOK 0.6 billion per 2022 driven by proceeds received in connection with the divestment of Odfjell Drilling shares. Total equity of Akastor was NOK 4.1 billion per year end 2022, at the same level as per year end 2021.

## Company Overview

Aker  Holding AS,  wholly  owned  by Aker ASA,  is  the  largest shareholder  of  Akastor  with  a  shareholding  of  36.7  percent. Akastor is primarily operating within the oilfield services sector. The portfolio per end of 2022 includes several industrial holdings within this sector, including:

- Ÿ HMH, which provides drilling systems, equipment, and aftermarket services. Ownership interest is 50 percent.
- Ÿ AKOFS Offshore, a subsea well installation and intervention services provider. Ownership interest is 50 percent.
- Ÿ AGR, which delivers well-, reservoir- and software services to the offshore drilling industry. Economic interest is  64  percent  (agreement  to  sell AGR  entered  into  in March 2023, see Subsequent Events).

Each above-mentioned Akastor portfolio company is organized as an independent business which is self-sufficient and with its own  dedicated  management  team  fully  responsible  for  all aspects of its operational activities. All portfolio companies have separate boards of directors, consisting of appointed Akastor investment managers, including, for some companies, external board members and employee representatives. This governance model provides for strong management of operational activities and a good foundation for close cooperation between Akastor, the portfolio companies and their employees.

In  addition  to  its  portfolio  of  industrial  holdings,  Akastor  has several financial investments, including:

- Ÿ DDW Offshore, which owns and operates five offshore vessels. Ownership interest is 100 percent.
- Ÿ NES Fircroft, a technical and engineering staffing company. Economic interest is approximately 15 percent.
- Ÿ DRU  contracts,  full  economic  interest  in  four  drilling equipment  contracts  with  Jurong  Shipyard.  This  position  was  carved  out  from  MHWirth  in  connection  with the merger with Baker Hughes' SDS business.
- Ÿ Awilco Drilling, ownership interest is 6.8 percent.

In addition to the equity ownerships, Akastor also holds interest bearing positions towards HMH and AKOFS Offshore, as well as  towards  Odfjell  Drilling  as  a  result  of  the  seller's  credit agreement following the sale of the preference shares held in Odfjell Drilling in November 2022.

The Akastor corporate organization is based at Fornebu, just outside of Oslo in Norway, with a team of 13 employees, working closely  with  the  boards  and  management  of  its  portfolio companies.

Akastor has a total of 412 employees (including hired-ins) within its consolidated subsidiaries as per year end 2022.

## Strategy

The strategy of Akastor remains unchanged compared to last year. Akastor is an investment company, employing an independent approach for each portfolio company to optimize its  development  potential.  Akastor  aims  to  create  long-term value  for  its  shareholders  through  active  development  of  its portfolio companies as stand-alone businesses, while maintaining  the  flexibility  to  be  opportunistic.  Akastor  works closely  with  each  portfolio  company's  management  to  make decisions on operational activity, business development, acquisitions  and  divestments  to  maximize  the  value  of  the company.  Each  portfolio  company  develops  and  executes independent value creation plans in close cooperation with the Akastor  investment  team. As  an  owner, Akastor  emphasizes understanding the portfolio companies' markets and challenges

<!-- image -->

in  depth,  in  order  to  evaluate  current  valuation  versus  future potential.

The business models of the portfolio companies are decentralized with each entity being self-sufficient, but as part of the Akastor portfolio,  all  companies  share  a  common  foundation  based  on Akastor's values, governing documents, and compliance structure.

Akastor  seeks  to  maximize  value  by  combining  strategic, operational, and financial measures. Akastor's strategy as an investment company remains as before, targeting to generate an acceptable return on its current investments. New investments may be made in the existing portfolio companies in order to strengthen the companies and prepare for a future exit. The ultimate goal is to return the capital to the shareholders of Akastor  upon  divestments  of  assets,  however  ensuring  that Akastor has a solid capital structure.

## Market Outlook

Akastor's  portfolio  companies  operate  mainly  in  the  oilfield services  industry.  In  2022,  the  energy  markets  were  heavily affected  by  the  Russian  invasion  into  Ukraine  which  led  to disruption of gas supplies into Europe and extreme increases in energy prices through the first half of the year. Despite Akastor's portfolio companies having very limited exposure towards the Russian or Ukrainian markets, a lot of efforts and focus in 2022 were used on monitoring the situation in these countries as well securing compliance with the sanctioning regulations. The war in  Ukraine  has  led  to  an  increasing  focus  on  energy  security throughout the world which in turn should have positive bearings for  the  industries,  where  the  Akastor  portfolio  companies operate,  through  increasing  investment  levels.  However,  the geopolitical situation following the Russian invasion also represents a risk going into 2023 in terms of instability and a higher degree of geopolitical and economic uncertainty.

Over  the  last  couple  of  years,  the  industry  in  which  Akastor operates has also been heavily affected by the outbreak of the COVID-19 virus which caused significant disruption to the global economy. The oil and gas markets were strongly affected by negative demand development following lower global activity, adding additional pressure on the global economy, with direct effects  on  the  investment  level  of  oil  companies  and  thereby effects also for the oilfield services industry.  In 2022, the effects following  the  global  pandemic  continued  to  normalize,  with increasing activity levels seen across most industries. After a period of decreasing investment levels seen within oil and gas following the outbreak of COVID -19, the global offshore oil and gas project capex commitments in 2022 increased compared to 2021 on the back of higher commodity prices. Further growth is forecasted from 2023 and forward.

2022  was  also  a  strong  year  for  investments  in  renewable energy sources.  According to Rystad Energy, aggregate investments in renewable energy capacity exceeded upstream oil  and gas investments for the first time in 2022 and several

<!-- image -->

large new renewable energy hubs came on stream during the year.  Akastor  acknowledges  and  strongly  believes  that  the development and growth of renewable energy sources as part of the total energy mix are crucial to reach the global emission targets. We also believe the trend towards cleaner and greener energy represents opportunities for the Akastor portfolio companies as an addition to its current primary focus on more traditional oil and gas related activities.

Through  2022,  the  oil  and  gas  markets  have  seen  further increase  in  important  macro  fundamentals  such  as  global offshore upstream capex spending and rig utilization, which in turn had positive bearing on Akastor through increased activity for the various portfolio companies. A clear risk looking forward into 2023 is a potential deeper recession following high inflation and rapidly increasing global interest rates seen in the second half of 2022 which in turn could affect global industrial activity and  energy  prices,  and  thereby  also  oilfield  service  activity. Also, the turmoil in global financial markets seen in March 2023 increases uncertainty and risk. If the turmoil leads to longer term effects on financial markets, this could in turn also affect Akastor and  its  portfolio  companies,  e.g.  through  ability  to  conclude transactions and limit access to financing.

In 2023,  Akastor will continue to closely monitor the development of the war in Ukraine with focus on mitigating any direct effects following  these  circumstances, including securing compliance with  all  relevant  economic  sanctions.  Despite  limited  direct exposure to the region, Akastor could be affected through more general  market  effects.  Akastor  is  part  of  the  Aker  Security Centre  of  Excellence,  which  is  an Aker  network  focusing  on monitoring global risk factors related to the geopolitical situation, cyber security as well as climate risk with the target of improving the basis for decisions and ensuring business security for the Aker Group of companies. Also, Akastor will continue to follow the general economic outlook in light of a potential recession with the ambition to adjust capacity throughout the portfolio if required  as  a  result  of  a  potential  lowered  activity  level.  The financial  impact  as  a  result  of  the  changing  global  dynamics remains uncertain as it is difficult to predict the duration and the longer-term impact on financial markets and industrial activity level.  From  an  accounting  perspective,  these  factors  could however impact future assessments of valuation of Akastor's assets  if  the  current  volatility  results  in  a  negative  long-term market outlook.

Based  on  the  current  footprint  of  the  portfolio,  the  oilfield services industry will remain the primary market for Akastor and its portfolio companies going forward. However, Akastor clearly believes that the ongoing energy transition represents exciting opportunities  and  will  through  its  role  as  an  active  owner continue to develop offering and presence within non-oil markets and the renewable energy space to further diversify the portfolio. Technology  development  remains  a  strategic  target  for  all portfolio  companies  and  Akastor  is  targeting  to  support  the industry's transition to more energy-efficient operations for its clients  through  development  of  new  solutions.  Akastor  will continue to support HMH in its efforts to optimize and reduce fuel consumption and carbon footprint for its clients through enabling more efficient drilling operations while also seeking opportunities within industries outside of oil and gas. AGR is continuing the development  of  its  suite  of  software  solutions,  enabling  more efficient operations for oil companies and is also positioning itself within low carbon solutions such as carbon capture, geothermal drilling and wind solutions. Early in 2022, AGR established Føn Energy Services, a joint venture together with IKM, to provide wind power project management, operations and maintenance services  to  offshore  wind  farms.  Akastor  views  this  as  an interesting  opportunity  for  growth  within  the  renewable  space and will continue to invest in this platform in 2023.

Through 2022, Akastor saw an increase in activity across almost all portfolio companies. Despite continued risk and uncertainty related to the global geopolitical situation as well as the global financial  turmoil  seen  lately,  Akastor  management  remains cautiously optimistic that activity levels within the oilfield services industry will continue to increase going forward based on the positive underlying market fundamentals and increasing focus on energy security.

## Group Financial Performance

Akastor presents its consolidated financial statements in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union.

All amounts below refer to the consolidated financial statements for  the  group,  unless  otherwise  stated.  Please  note  that consolidated  revenue  and  operating  profit  in  Akastor  only include financial performance  of portfolio companies  that constitute a minor part of Akastor's total net capital employed.

## Income Statement

Revenue and other income for 2022 increased by 11 percent to NOK 1 059 million. Operating profit before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) was negative NOK  10  million, compared to break even in 2021.

Depreciation, amortization and impairment was NOK 66 million in 2022, compared to NOK 82 million in the previous year.

Net financial income were NOK 80 million in 2022 compared to NOK 194 million in the previous year. Akastor's share of net loss from the equity-accounted investees is NOK 263 million, compared to NOK 346 million in 2021, mainly related to net loss in AKOFS Offshore and HMH.

The pre-tax loss for the year was NOK 259 million, compared to a loss of NOK 235 million the previous year.

The income tax expense for 2022 was NOK 2 million, compared to a tax benefit of NOK 20 million in 2021. The effective tax rate is impacted by several  items,  such  as  impairment  of  deferred  tax assets as well as non-tax deductible items.

Net  loss  from  continuing  operations  was  NOK  261  million, compared to loss of NOK 215 million in 2021. The group had an operating loss of NOK 257 million for the year.

## Financial Position

Total  assets  of  Akastor  amounted  to  NOK  6.8  billion  as  of December 31, 2022, compared with NOK 7.2 billion at year-end 2021.  The  decrease  is  mainly  related  to  sale  of  preference shares held in Odfjell Drilling.

Net debt (excluding lease liabilities) was NOK 1 220 million at the end of the period, while net interest-bearing debt (NIBD) was NOK 553  million.  Net  interest-bearing  debt  decreased  by  NOK  431 million  through  the  year,  primarily  explained  by  the  sale  of preference  shares  held  in  Odfjell  Drilling,  partly  mitigated  by corporate costs in the period.

Total equity amounted to NOK 4.1 billion at year-end 2022, of which non-controlling interests were NOK 36 million. The equity ratio was 60 percent as of December 31, 2022, compared to 57 percent in 2021.

## Cash Flow

As of December 31, 2022, Akastor had cash of NOK 119 million, compared  to  NOK  89  million  in  2021.  The  net  cash  flow  from operating activities was negative NOK 244 million, compared to operating cash flow of negative NOK 96 million in the previous year. The net cash flow from operating activities comprises of cash flow  generated  from  operating  activities  of  negative  NOK  176 million as well as net interest cost payments of NOK 102 million.

Net cash flow from investing activities was positive NOK 619 million, compared to NOK 431 million in 2021. The cash flow from investing activities included proceeds of NOK 750 million from sale of preference shares in Odfjell Drilling.

Net  cash  flow  from  financing  activities  amounted  to  negative NOK 318 million, compared to negative NOK 516 million in 2021. The cash flows included net repayment of borrowings of NOK 240 million and payment of lease liabilities of NOK 78 million.

## Subsequent Events

In  February  2023,  the  maturity  of  Akastor's  corporate  credit facilities was extended to February/March 2024. In March 2023, the  subordinated  Aker  facility  was  increased  with  NOK  200 million to NOK 450 million.

In March  2023,  Akastor entered into a share purchase agreement with ABL Group ASA ('ABL Group') for the sale of all shares in AGR against a combination of shares in ABL Group and  cash.  Certain  defined  assets  are  excluded  from  the transaction and will be retained by Akastor. This includes AGR's ownership  in  Føn  Energy  Services  AS.  The  transaction  is expected  to  generate  an  accounting  gain  upon  completion in 2023.

## Going Concern

The group was not in breach of any financial covenants as of December 31, 2022. The current assessment is that the group will  continue  to  be  able  to  meet  the  mandatory  terms  and conditions of its banking facilities including the minimum liquidity covenant, taking into account the extension of the maturity of the  corporate financing facilities  to  February/March 2024 and the NOK 200 million increase of the subordinated Aker facility secured in March 2023.

The current  strategy  of Akastor  is  based  on  realization  of  its investments and the base plan for 2023 includes cash proceeds from  several  holdings.  Through  this,  Akastor  is  targeting  to increase liquidity and reduce refinancing risk in 2024.

Based on this, the board of directors confirms that the going concern assumption, on which the consolidated financial statements have been prepared, is appropriate.

## The Akastor Portfolio

## HMH

HMH was established  in  October  2021  following  the  merger between  MHWirth  (previously  100%  owned  by  Akastor)  and Baker  Hughes'  Subsea  Drilling  Systems  (SDS)  business. Akastor  owns  50  percent  of  the  shares  in  HMH,  with  the remaining shares owned by Baker Hughes. HMH is classified as a joint venture and accounted for using equity method in the consolidated financial statements.

HMH  is  a  global  provider  of  drilling  solutions,  engineering, projects, equipment and services. HMH has a track record of product  and  service  delivery  in  more  than  120  countries worldwide. At year-end 2022, the company had approximately 2 000 employees. The company's operations are divided in two main  business areas: Projects, Products and  Other  and Aftermarket Services. HMH  is  Akastor's largest portfolio company both in terms of sales revenue and employees.

## Key Figures 1)

| Amounts in USD million  2022  Proforma 2021  Revenue  2)  675  562  EBITDA (adj)  3)  100  85  EBITDA  79  64  Order intake  692  820  NIBD (incl. shareholder loans)  260  226   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 1) The figures are unaudited, presented on 100% basis
- 2) Revenue/EBITDA excludes disposed entities in 2022
- 3) EBITDA (adj) excludes integration costs and other non-recurring items

The revenue for 2022 of USD 675 million was up 20 percent compared  to  2021  proforma  figures  for  the  combined  entity, driven primarily by increased activity within Projects, Products and  Other.  EBITDA  adjusted  for  integration  cost  and  defined non-recurring items increased from USD 85 million in 2021 to

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

USD 100 million in 2022. The adjusted EBITDA margin ended at 14.8 percent for 2022, slightly down from 15.2 percent in 2021 explained mainly by the increase in revenues from Projects and Products where contribution margin is lower.

Revenues  from  Projects,  Products  and  Other  increased  with around 81 percent to USD 232 million in 2022, driven by higher revenues from large projects following the order backlog within this  segment secured in 2021 and executed in 2022. Full year revenues  from  Aftermarket  Services  were  USD  445  million  in 2022, slightly up from USD 436 million in 2021 (proforma). The average number of active rigs with equipment package from HMH increased slightly compared to 2021, however with a higher active base per end of period and good growth potential into 2023.

The offshore drilling market has over the last couple of years been  affected  by  an  overcapacity  of  offshore  drilling  rigs. Following  the  increased  focus  on  energy  security  and  higher global  capex  spend  among  E&amp;P  companies,  the  rig  demand through 2022 increased and led to an improved drilling market and higher activity for HMH as a result of more rigs with their equipment  in  operation.  Despite  these  effects,  order  intake within Projects and Products decreased in 2022 compared to last year, driven primarily by the award of three larger project contracts in 2021. Order intake within single equipment increased in 2022, with the non-oil segment continuing as the main driver. Total order intake for HMH was USD 692 million in 2022,  compared to  USD 820 million  in  2021.  Going  forward, HMH remain positive and anticipate good growth in rig activity based on the current outlook, fuelled by Brazil and Middle East activity. The rig newbuilding market continues to be muted and is expected to remain so also in the near future.

In  2022,  HMH  refinanced  its  bridge  bank  facility  with  a  new Nordic bond loan of USD 150 million which was an important step  to  establish  a  longer-term  capital  structure.  HMH  also executed  on  its  synergy  plan  with  wave  one  of  the  ERP implementations completed, and the Baker Hughes transitional service agreement exited. HMH will during the course of 2023 complete  the integration, including the finalization of the implementation  of  a  joint  ERP  system  for  the  combined company. Through 2023, HMH will also increase its focus on growth and will assess both organic initiatives as well as M&amp;A to potentially  strengthen  its  presence  within  the  offshore  and onshore drilling markets. HMH will also evaluate opportunities to grow within the renewable sector and a further expansion of its  offering  to  non-oil  markets.  It  is  still  important  for  HMH  to participate in the oil and gas industry's transition towards more energy-efficient solutions, and this will form a key area in the strategy of HMH going forward.

## AKOFS Offshore

AKOFS  Offshore  is  a  provider  of  vessel-based  subsea  well installation and intervention services to the oil and gas industry. The  company  operates  three  specialized  offshore  vessels, AKOFS  Santos,  Aker  Wayfarer  and  AKOFS  Seafarer,  and employed 348 people as per the end of 2022.

Akastor owns 50 percent of the shares in AKOFS Offshore, with the remaining shares owned by Mitsui &amp; Co and Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, each with 25 percent. AKOFS Offshore is classified as a joint  venture  and  accounted  for  using  equity  method  in  the consolidated financial statements.

| Key Figures  1)  Amounts in USD million  2022  2021  Revenue and other income  149  147  EBITDA  48  37  EBIT  8  (15)  CAPEX and R&amp;D capitalization  29  5  NCOA  19  25  Net capital employed  349  375  Order intake  198  80  Order backlog  470  384  Employees (FTE)  348  292   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) The figures are presented at 100 percent basis.

The company's revenue was USD 149 million in 2022, around 1 percent  higher  than  previous  year,  positively  affected  by  full year  operations  of  the  Aker  Wayfarer  vessel  which  in  2021 underwent its five-year periodic survey, partly mitigated by the AKOFS Santos vessel that went to yard in July. The EBITDA increased by USD 11 million to USD 48 million in 2022, primarily explained by higher revenue utilization for Aker Wayfarer.

Through 2022, both AKOFS Santos and Aker Wayfarer operated on contracts in Brazil for subsea equipment installation work. Aker Wayfarer was on contract with Petrobras through the year while AKOFS Santos was operating on a short-term contract with  a  third  party  until  July,  after  which  she  went  to  yard  to prepare for the new three-year contract with Petrobras originally expected to commence late 2022. However, a period of delay related to deliveries from a sub-supplier led to that the contract first commenced in March 2023. Utilization for the two vessels operating  in  Brazil  was  good  throughout  2022,  with  revenue utilization for Aker Wayfarer and AKOFS Santos of 97 percent and 91 percent respectively,  adjusted  for  the AKOFS  Santos yard stay.

In July, AKOFS Offshore secured a new four-year contract for Aker  Wayfarer  to  perform  services  as  a  subsea  equipment support vessel Petrobras in Brazil. The new contract is expected to commence in the third quarter of 2023, following expiry of its current  contract  in  April  2023  and  a  shorter  yard  stay.  Total contract value of the new contract is about USD 282 million, of which  about  USD  198  million  will  be  revenue  allocated  to AKOFS Offshore and included in the company's backlog.

AKOFS Seafarer continued to operate on its five-year contract with  Equinor  for  Light  Well  Intervention  services  in  the  North Sea  and  has  through  2022  been  delivering  solid  operational performance. The vessel recorded a technical uptime above 97 percent in 2022, adjusted for periods on yard and waiting on weather. Total revenue utilization ended at around 86 percent, affected by a period of both mobilization and demobilization of

coiled tubing equipment to prepare the vessel for coiled tubing operations during the summer season. 2022 was the first time AKOFS Seafarer was used for coiled  tubing,  and  the  vessel delivered a successful campaign for its client.

The market situation for AKOFS Offshore over the last years has been affected by relatively low investment levels among oil companies. This  has  affected  the  prospects  available  for  the company and more concretely day rates on the contracts for the various  vessels.  In  2022,  AKOFS  Offshore  secured  a  new contract for the Aker Wayfarer vessel, an important achievement for the company, and with this all AKOFS Offshore's vessels are on relatively long-term contracts.

In 2023 and forward, AKOFS Offshore will continue to focus on delivering high uptime on its existing contracts. Further, securing successful commencement of the Aker Wayfarer vessel on the new  four-year  contract  is  a  key  focus  area  in  the  year.  In addition, the company is continuously evaluating opportunities to  grow  through  further  leveraging  its  competencies  within subsea well construction and intervention services.

## AGR

AGR is a provider of well-, reservoir- and software services to the offshore drilling industry. Akastor holds 100 percent of the shares and 64 percent of the economic interest in the company. Nordea and DNB hold the remaining 36 percent of economic interest.

| ## Key Figures  Amounts in NOK million  2022  2021  Revenue and other income  789  723  EBITDA  81  33  EBIT  66  9  CAPEX and R&amp;D capitalization  10  16  NCOA  19  (9)  Net capital employed  246  192  Order intake  804  769  Order backlog  554  518  Employees (FTE)  368  388   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

AGR had total revenues of NOK 789 million in 2022, compared to NOK 723 million in 2021. EBITDA in 2022 ended at NOK 81 million, up from 33 million in 2021, partly driven by a non-cash accounting gain of NOK 21 million related to establishment of the joint venture Føn Energy Services.

During 2022, the increased activity level in AGR was driven by increased  activity  within  its  Norwegian  consultancy  business. The  Norwegian  consultancy  segment  remains  the  largest business segment in AGR, constituting more than 80 percent of revenues in 2022.

Over the last years, AGR has had strong focus on its cost base, targeting to improve profitability within its international segments. After AGR closed down its UK well management business in December 2021, all geographical segments of AGR delivered

<!-- image -->

positive earnings in 2022. AGR today is mainly exposed towards Norway and APAC, with APAC delivering solid growth and strong results in 2022 driven by good activity within both consultancy and well management.

As described under Subsequent Events above, Akastor entered into a share purchase agreement with ABL Group ASA ('ABL Group')  for  the  sale  of  all  shares  in  AGR  in  March  2023. Following signing of the agreement, AGR will be presented as discontin  ued  operations  for  Akastor  and  held  for  sale  until completion of the trans  action which is expected to occur in the second quarter of 2023.

## Other Holdings

Other Holdings per end of 2022 mainly included 100 percent ownership of Cool Sorption (sold to Diamond Key International Pty. Ltd. with closing in February 2023), 100 percent ownership of DDW Offshore AS, around 15 percent economic interest of NES Fircroft, a warrant structure towards Odfjell Drilling and 6.8 percent  shareholding  in  Awilco  Drilling.  Also,  the  financial interest in four drilling equipment contracts with Jurong Shipyard (the  DRU  contracts)  is  included  within  Other  Holdings.  In addition, this segment includes corporate functions and certain long-term office lease contracts that remained in Akastor after the demerger from Aker Solutions in 2014.

## Key Figures

| Amounts in NOK million  2022  2021  Revenue and other income  270  232  EBITDA  (91)  (32)  EBIT  (142)  (92)  CAPEX and R&amp;D capitalization  (2)  65  NCOA  224  239  Net capital employed  921  1 483  Employees (FTE)  44  43   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Total EBITDA for Other Holdings for the year was negative NOK 91 million. Cool Sorption delivered an EBITDA of NOK 4 million in 2022, same as in 2021. DDW Offshore contributed positively with  NOK  7  million  in  2022,  compared  to  NOK  17  million  in 2021. The positive EBITDA of DDW Offshore in 2021 included an  accounting  gain  related  to  bareboat  charter  agreements entered  into  with  OceanPact  Servicos  Maritimos  S.A.  which was classified as financial lease. Thus, the underlying performance in DDW Offshore in 2022 was better than last year, driven  by  higher  utilization  on  the  remaining  vessels.  The remaining negative EBITDA within Other Holdings mainly related to corporate overhead costs, as well as certain legacy costs.

## Parent Company and Allocation of Net Loss

The  parent  company  Akastor  ASA  is  the  ultimate  parent company in the Akastor group and its business is the ownership and management of all subsidiaries. Akastor  ASA has outsourced all management functions to other companies within the  group,  mainly Akastor AS. However, assets and liabilities related  to  the  Akastor  Treasury  function  are  held  by Akastor

<!-- image -->

ASA. Akastor ASA has a net loss of NOK 457 million in 2022 (loss of NOK 664 million in 2021).

The  parent  company's  dividend  policy  states  that  Akastor's shareholders shall receive a competitive return on their investment  either  through  cash  dividends  or  increases  in  the share price, or both. The company does not intend to distribute regular or annual dividends, but will consider dividends on an ongoing  basis  taking  into  consideration  the  company's  M&amp;A activities, expected cash flow, capital expenditure plans, financing requirements and appropriate financial flexibility. The board thereby proposes no dividend for 2022 and the net loss for the year of NOK 457 million be allocated to retained earnings.

## Risk Management

Akastor  and  its  portfolio  companies  are  exposed  to  various forms of market, operational and financial risks that may affect the companies' performance, their ability to meet strategic goals and the companies' reputation.

Akastor's risk management model is designed on the basis that Akastor is an investment company with an overall objective of securing  its  shareholders'  investments  and  developing  the group's assets in order to provide the shareholders with a solid return. Akastor's current investment portfolio is focused on the oilfield  services  industry.  This  focus  is  mainly  driven  by  the company's  experience,  expertise  and  track-record  within  this industry.  Although  Akastor  has  a  flexible  mandate,  it  has traditionally not sought to spread risk by investing in different industries.  Instead,  Akastor  has  focused  on  mitigating  its vulnerability  to  the  risk  environment  inherent  to  the  oilfield services industry through sound risk management systems.

The  risks  associated  with  the  global  uncertainty  that  have impacted markets during most of 2022, both arising from the war in Ukraine as well as the recession warnings, also impact Akastor's ability to execute value enhancing transactions. More specifically, we have seen that the runway on some transactions has had to be extended or delayed and that the financing costs have increased. On the other hand, this has been balanced and to  a  large  degree  been  offset  by  solid  performance  from Akastor's portfolio  companies combined with increased focus on the oil service industry as an important business to ensure energy security. In sum, Akastor's financial position has been strengthened and we believe that Akastor is well positioned to continue its strategy to make value enhancing transactions in a continued unstable market situation.

Our  focus  on  climate  risk  has  continued  throughout  2022,  in close dialogue with all portfolio companies. Following on the main achievements in 2021, where i.a. all portfolio companies have set defined sustainability targets, focus for 2022 has been to ensure that  proper  reporting  requirements  are  set  and  that  a  credible strategy for achieving the targets is set and monitored. All portfolio companies are expected to prepare and be ready when Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) is implemented.

On the operational side, risks are primarily mitigated by securing new  orders  and  sound  project  execution  by  the  portfolio companies.  Results  also  depend  on  costs,  both  the  portfolio companies' own costs and those charged by suppliers. Akastor and its portfolio companies are also exposed to financial risk under performance guarantees and financial guarantees issued, and financial market risks as further detailed below.

In  addition,  the  portfolio  companies,  through  their  business activities within their respective sectors and countries, are also exposed to legal/compliance and regulatory/political risks, e.g. political decisions on international sanctions that impact supply and demand of the services offered by the portfolio companies, as well as environmental regulations. Moreover, we have over the  recent  years  seen  an  increase  in  the  threat  faced  from different forms of cyber risks such as e.g. risk of ransomware and  phishing  attempts.  These  are  risk  areas  that  are  under continuous development and where it is important that Akastor and its portfolio companies continuously monitor this development and the risks associated.

As an investment company, Akastor and its portfolio companies from time to time engage in mergers and acquisitions and other transactions that could expose the companies to financial and other  non-operational  risks,  such  as  warranty  and  indemnity claims and price adjustment mechanisms. Moreover, the entire transaction  process,  including  the  process  from  signing  to closing as well as proper integration of new business operations, entails a set of risks for Akastor that will need to be managed and mitigated.

To manage and mitigate risks within Akastor, risk evaluation is an integral part of all business activities, including when making decisions regarding mergers and acquisitions and other investment matters. As an owner, Akastor actively supervises risk management in its portfolio companies through participation on  the  board  of  directors  of  each  portfolio  company,  and  by defining a clear set of risk management and mitigation processes and procedures that all portfolio companies must adhere to. The current and revised governing documents defined by Akastor were rolled out during the first half of 2016 and are reviewed annually. The overall responsibility for ensuring sound internal control and an appropriate framework for risk management in Akastor lies with its board of directors. A risk review is presented to  and  reviewed  by  the  audit  committee  and  the  board  of directors of Akastor on an annual basis.

The directors  and  officers  of Akastor  companies  are  covered under  an  Aker  group  Director  &amp;  Officer's  Liability  Insurance (D&amp;O). The insurance covers personal legal liabilities including defence- and legal costs. The officers and directors of the parent company and all subsidiaries globally (owned  50% or more) are covered by the insurance. The cover also includes employees in managerial positions or employees who become named in a claim or investigation.

## Financial Risks

Akastor is exposed to a variety of financial market risks such as currency risk, interest rate risk, tax risk, price risk, credit and counterparty risk, liquidity risk and capital risk as well as risks associated with access to and terms of financing. The financial risks, affecting the group's income and the value of any financial instruments held, are discussed in greater details in Note 29 Financial  risk  management  and  exposures  to  the  group's consolidated financial statements. The objective of financial risk management is to manage and control financial risk exposures and  thereby  minimize  potential  adverse  effects  on  Akastor's financial position.

Akastor  per  today  is  an  investment  company  with  limited upstream cash flow from its portfolio companies and therefore to  a  large  degree depends on realization of assets to reduce debt and improve liquidity. As described under Going Concern above, liquidity risk has been mitigated in the short to medium term through the increase of the Aker facility  in  March  2023. However, in order to mitigate 2024 refinancing risk when the corporate  financing facilities  mature  and  secure  available liquidity  past  2023, Akastor  is  in  accordance  with  its  strategy focusing on realization of holdings. In 2023, the outcome related to the DRU arbitration process is a key milestone in this regard. If realization processes planned for the year should be delayed or  if  proceeds  come  in  at  a  lower  value  than  anticipated, refinancing risk in  2024 would increase and other sources of capital could be required.

## Integrity Risks

All Akastor portfolio companies use education and awareness training to manage and mitigate integrity risks. All employees must complete an annual Code of Conduct training program. In addition,  all  Akastor  managers  and  office-based  staff  are required to conduct integrity e-learning training and participate in  classroom  courses.  For  employees  in  specific  functions, where chance of facing integrity risk is considered higher than normal, additional training has been tailored for their role and responsibilities.  Hired-in  personnel  in  high  risk  roles  are  also required  to  undertake  integrity  training,  just  as  third-party representatives receive integrity training specially prepared for them. The requirement for all portfolio companies is to complete and report on the training within six months from employment or publication of a new training session.

Akastor has established a whistleblowing system in line with the company's Governance Policy. The whistleblowing channel is open  for  all  external  and  internal  stakeholders  who  wish  to report a breach of the Code of Conduct, other internal guidelines or governing policies. Akastor employees are required to report breaches  of  the  Code  of  Conduct,  and  Akastor  encourages reporting of any concerns pertaining to compliance with law or ethical standards.

## Climate Risks

The main climate-related risks in Akastor are with our industrial investments  due  to  the  fact  that  the  industry  is  in  a  state  of

<!-- image -->

accelerated  transition  to  a  lower-carbon  intensive  industry. Governmental  regulation  of  GHG  emissions  is  expected  to increase and it will continue to be challenging to get necessary financing with potential lenders electing not to invest in the oil and gas market but rather move capital to new green markets. Unless these risks are met with mitigating measures, we could face a scenario where many of Akastor's portfolio companies lose its market positions and/or are left with product lines that are  obsolete  and  replaced  by  more  energy  efficient/green alternatives.    However,  this  transition  to  low  carbon  intensive industry will also create several opportunities, which the portfolio companies are addressing, for example HMH's concept developments  towards  the  offshore  wind  industry  and AGR's Carbon Capture and management services.

Each  portfolio  company  addresses  climate-related  risks  and opportunities within its yearly risk assessment, and the assessment is reviewed by its Board of Directors.

## Environmental, Social and Governance

Akastor's  operating  model  reflects  the  fact  that  the  portfolio companies are independent companies which operate different business  models  and  therefore  face  different  Environmental, Social  and  Governance  (ESG)  risks  and  expectations  from stakeholders. As a holding company, Akastor is responsible for setting the overall ESG priorities and providing the appropriate risk  management  framework  and  policies  applicable  for  the portfolio.  Akastor  Sustainability  Policy  describes  how Akastor aims to integrate sustainability in its investment processes, own operations, and in the governance of its organisation. The policy includes the investment policy and how Akastor engages with the portfolio companies. In turn, and based on these expectations, each portfolio company is responsible for defining their  own  ESG  strategy  with  relevant  activities  and,  where necessary, supporting policies.

Akastor  also  focuses  on  maintenance  and  development  of industrial  relations  and  collaboration  with  unions.  Historically, good  industrial  relations  have  played  an  important  role,  and maintaining these strong relations have proven to be one of the success criteria in developing the company over the years.

Within the ESG efforts, Akastor is focused on areas that build financial  and  non-financial  value  in  the  portfolio  companies. Akastor's ESG strategy is based on four main priorities: working against corruption, respecting human rights, addressing health and safety and minimizing adverse impact on the environment. Environment and Human Rights have had an increased focus in 2022  where  Akastor  intends  to  take  part  in  the  industry's transition towards more sustainable operations. All the portfolio companies have completed human rights risk assessment, and climate risk and opportunities assessments and are responsible for working systematically and managing these possibilities and consequences.  In  regards  of  Human  Rights, Akastor  and  its portfolio  companies  have  not  identified  any  actual  adverse impacts or significant risk for adverse impacts through its risk

assessments  or  due  diligences  of  business  partners.  The portfolio  companies  are  defining  their  own  ESG  strategies encompassing these priorities. Akastor is continuously monitoring the implementation and integration of the priorities of the ESG strategy, Code of Conduct, Sustainability Policy and Integrity Policy across all the portfolio companies. For in-depth reporting  on  each  portfolio  company's  approach  to  ESG, including their Health, Safety and Environment work, refer to the Akastor  ESG  Report  for  2022.  The Akastor  ESG  report  also includes Akastor's reporting adhering to the Transparency Act, a Norwegian  legislation,  which  requires  companies  to  promote respect for  human rights and decent working conditions. The Akastor ESG report is available on the website www.akastor. com.

## Research, Innovation and Technology Development

NOK 9 million was capitalized in 2022, compared to NOK 24 million in 2021, related to development activities. No research and development costs were expensed during the year (NOK 1 million  in  2021).  All  research,  innovation  and  development initiatives  are  performed  by  the  Akastor  portfolio  companies. Akastor ASA and Akastor AS performed no such activity in 2022.

## People and Teams

Akastor is committed to equal opportunity and non-discrimination. This commitment is described in Akastor's Code of Conduct, as well  as  Akastor's  policies  and  agreements,  and  builds  on  a frame  agreement  signed  with  national  and  international  trade unions in 2008. This agreement was renewed in 2012 and sets out fundamental labour rights and  standards for general employment terms and employee relations, with specific focus on non-discrimination. Equal opportunities are fundamental for Akastor  and  its  portfolio  companies.  In  2022,  as  in  previous years, no events violating these agreements were reported.

As  of  year-end  2022,  Akastor  ASA's  board  comprised  eight directors  inclusive  three  employee  elected  directors,  of  which two shareholders elected directors are female directors. Akastor and its subsidiaries had a total of 412 employees (FTE) as of December  31,  2022.  AKOFS  Offshore  had  a  total  of  348 employees (FTE) as of December 31, 2022. HMH had a total of 1 983 employees (FTE) as of December 31, 2022. In Akastor AS,  the  male/female  ratio  was  77/23.  The  male/female  ratio (excluding  hired  ins)  in  the  major  portfolio  companies  and Akastor Group were as follows:

| HMH  AKOFS  Offshore  AGR  Akastor  Consolidated  Female  18%  10%  27%  26%  Male  82%  90%  73%  74%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All portfolio companies regularly assess whether they live up to the  principle  of  equal  pay  for  equal  work  and  no  significant differences have  been  identified.  Each  portfolio  company promotes equal opportunities by setting specific requirements for  diversity  in  recruitment  and  people  development,  and  by supporting  programs  dedicated  to  equal  opportunity.  Akastor and its portfolio companies are not aware of any employees that work involuntary part time. Akastor ASA fulfils the requirements of  the  Norwegian  Companies  Act  with  regards  to  gender representation  on  the  board  of  directors,  as  two  out  of  five shareholder elected directors are women.

Aggregated  sick  leave  in  Akastor  Group  was  2.0  percent  in 2022.  There  were  no  fatal  injuries  in  any  of  the  portfolio companies. The total recordable incident frequency has increased  for  all  companies,  and  Akastor  has  thoroughly analysed  all  incidents  and  taken  actions  to  avoid  similar situations  going  forward.  Caring  for  employee's  health  and safety is an integrated part of the group's culture. See figures below for details.

| HMH  AKOFS  Offshore  AGR  Akastor  Consolidated  Lost time Incident  Frequency (LTIF)  1)  1.6  -  -  -  Total Recordable Incident  Frequency (TRIF)  1)  3.2  1.7  -  8.9  Fatalities incl. subcontractors  -  -  -  -  Sick leave (percent)  3.6  3.8  3.3  2.0   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Per million hours worked. Includes subcontractors

## Corporate governance

Corporate governance is a framework of values, responsibilities and governing documents to control the business and ensure sustainable value creation for shareholders over time. It is the responsibility of the board of directors of Akastor to ensure that the  company  implements  sound  corporate  governance.  The audit  committee  supports  the  board  in  safeguarding  that  the company  has  internal  procedures  and  systems  in  place  to ensure  that  corporate  governance  processes  are  effective. Akastor's  corporate  governance  principles  are  based  on  the Norwegian Code of Practice for Corporate Governance and are designed to secure the shareholders' investment through value creation and to ensure good control with the portfolio companies. The corporate governance principles are included in this annual report and available on the company's website www.akastor.com.

Fornebu, March 22, 2023 I Board of Directors of Akastor ASA

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Asle Christian Halvorsen | Director

Stian Sjølund | Director

Karl Erik Kjelstad | CEO

Henning Jensen | Director

Kathryn M. Baker | Director

Luis Antonio G. Araujo | Director

Svein Oskar Stoknes | Director

Frank O. Reite | Chairperson

Lone Fønss Schrøder | Deputy Chairperson

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## 02. DECLARATION BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CEO

The board and CEO have today considered and approved the annual report and financial statements for the Akastor group and its parent company Akastor ASA for the year ended on December 31, 2022. The board has based this declaration on reports and statements from the group's CEO and/or on the results of the group's activities, as well as other information that is essential to assess the group's position which has been provided to the board of directors.

## To the best of our knowledge:

- Ÿ The financial statements for 2022 for Akastor group and its parent company have been prepared in accordance with all applicable accounting standards.
- Ÿ The information provided in the financial statements gives a true and fair portrayal of the group and its parent company's assets, liabilities, profit and overall financial position as of December 31, 2022.
- Ÿ The annual report provides a true and fair overview of the development, profit and financial position of Akastor group and its parent company, as well as the most significant risks and uncertainties facing the group and the parent company.

Fornebu, March 22, 2023 I Board of Directors of Akastor ASA

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Asle Christian Halvorsen | Director

Stian Sjølund | Director

Karl Erik Kjelstad | CEO

Henning Jensen | Director

Kathryn M. Baker | Director

Luis Antonio G. Araujo | Director

Svein Oskar Stoknes | Director

Frank O. Reite | Chairperson

Lone Fønss Schrøder | Deputy Chairperson

## 03. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT - AKASTOR ASA

Corporate governance is a framework of values, responsibilities and governing documents to control the business and ensure sustainable value creation for shareholders over time. Sound corporate governance shall ensure that appropriate goals and strategies are adopted, that the strategies are implemented in a good  manner  and  that  the  results  achieved  are  subject  to measurement and follow-up.

## 1. The Corporate Governance Report

## Basis for this Report

The corporate governance principles of the group are laid down by  the  board  of  directors  of  Akastor  ASA  ('Akastor'  or  the 'company'). The principles are based on the Norwegian Code of Practice for Corporate Governance dated 14 October 2021 (the «Code  of  Practice»),  the  regulations  set  out in the Rulebook II of Oslo Børs (the stock exchange in Oslo) and the relevant  Norwegian  background  law  such  as  the  Norwegian Accounting  Act  and  the  Norwegian  Public  Limited  Liability Companies  Act.  The  Code  of  Practice  may  be  found  at www.nues.no and the Oslo Børs Rulebook II may be found at www.euronext.com. Norwegian laws and regulations are available at www.lovdata.no.

This report outlines how Akastor has implemented the Code of Practice. Deviations from the Code of Practice are addressed under the relevant sections. In general, the Akastor board only approves deviations that the board believes contributes to value creation for its stakeholders.

In addition to the Code of Practice, the Norwegian Accounting Act  section  3-3b  stipulates  that  companies  must  provide  a report on their policies and practices for corporate governance either in the annual report or in a document referred to in the annual report. Such report is integrated in the below corporate governance statement   .

## Governance Structure

Akastor  is  an  oilfield  services  investment  company  with  a portfolio  of  industrial  holdings  and  other  investments.  The company has a flexible mandate for active ownership and longterm value creation. Completed transactions in 2022 include the sale of preference shares in Odfjell Drilling Ltd as well as the sale of all shares in Cool Sorption A/S (sales agreement signed in December 2022 and completed in February 2023).

On this background Akastor currently has an active investment portfolio within the oilfield services industry consisting of AGR, DDW Offshore, 50 percent of the shares in HMH, 50 percent of the  shares  in  AKOFS  Offshore,  a  15  percent  economic ownership  in  NES  Fircroft,  in  addition  to  other  holdings  and investments (see below), with a total net capital employed of NOK 4.6 billion. HMH is a global provider of drilling solutions, engineering, projects, equipment and services. AKOFS Offshore is a provider of subsea well installation and intervention services. AGR is  a  leading  provider  of  well  and  reservoir  consultancy services  as  well  as  software  and  technical  manpower  for  its clients.  DDW  Offshore  operates  five  offshore  vessels.  NES Fircroft  is  a  global  technical  and  engineering  staff  provider. Other investments mainly include warrant investments in Odfjell Drilling and Awilco Drilling, a subletting portfolio through Akastor Real  Estate  and  an  investment  in  Aker  Pensjonskasse.  In addition,  following  the  completion  of  the  transaction  in  2021 when HMH was formed, Akastor holds full ecomonic interest in the  four  DRU  contracts,  which  are  still  held  by  MHWirth  as contract holder, but where the financial exposure will be with Akastor.

It  is  the  responsibility  of  the  board  of  directors  of Akastor  to ensure that Akastor and its portfolio of companies implement sound corporate governance. The board of directors evaluates this corporate governance statement on an annual basis. The board's audit committee also evaluates the corporate governance  statement  as  well  as  other  key  policies  and procedures pertaining to compliance and governance. Compliance  with, and  implementation of these corporate governance guidelines are continuously evaluated by the board and said committee; inter alia by way of the board being the decisive  body  for  the  company's  defined  management  and reporting structure, which include regular reporting.

## Policies and Procedures

Akastor  has  a  total  of  eleven  corporate  policies  providing business practice guidance within a number of key areas, all of which  are  reviewed  and  updated  on  an  annual  basis.  These policy documents express the overall position of the group with regard  to  for  instance  compliance,  integrity  and  governance. The policies provide instructions and guidelines that apply to the portfolio  companies  and  to  individual  employees  in  order  to ensure  that  the  group's  operations  are  in  compliance  with internal  and  external  regulatory  framework.  In  addition,  the portfolio  companies  are  requested  to  implement  their  own policies  specific  to  their  business  within  areas  like  project execution, HSE and tendering.

## Values and Code of Conduct

Akastor aims to develop and refine its portfolio of companies as stand-alone enterprises, with the goal of maximizing the value potential  of  each  entity.  The  company  works  to  develop  the business models of the portfolio companies, capitalize on their market  positions  and  promote  aftersales  services  for  the equipment and systems delivered. The current investments are

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

within the oilfield services sector, but the company has a flexible mandate for active ownership and long-term value creation.

Akastor has an opportunistic approach and will continue to own the portfolio companies as long as Akastor creates more value than alternative owners.

Akastor wishes to contribute to sustainable social development through responsible business practices. The company's Code of  Conduct  is  a  handbook  that  applies  to  all  employees  and provides guiding on what Akastor considers to be responsible ethical conduct. The Code of Conduct provides a framework of core corporate values which reflects Akastor's prudent business practice and shall be reflected in every aspect of our operations. The ethical guidelines and other governing documents of the group have been drafted on the basis of these core corporate values.

## 2. Business

The  objectives  of  the  company,  as  defined  in  its  articles  of association,  are  «to  own  or  carry  out  industrial  and  other associated  businesses,  management  of  capital,  and  other functions for the group, and to participate in or acquire other businesses». The articles of association are available at www. akastor.com.

The principal strategies of the group are presented in the annual report. To ensure value creation for its shareholders, the board of  directors  annually  performs  a  designated  strategy  process where it sets objectives and targets for the company, assesses risk, evaluates the existing strategy and approves any significant changes.  Information  concerning  the  financial  position  and principal strategies of the company, and any changes thereto is disclosed to the market in the context of the company's quarterly reporting and in designated market presentations as well as at www.akastor.com.

## Corporate Responsibility

Akastor  takes  an  active  approach  to  corporate  responsibility. Corporate  responsibility  in  Akastor  is  about  making  prudent business decisions, with minimum risk to reputation, brand and the  future  sustainability  of  our  business.  The  main  focus  of corporate  responsibility  activities  in  Akastor,  defined  in  our group-wide  integrity  policy,  is  to  work  against  corruption,  to respect  human  rights  and  to  care  for  health,  safety  and  the environment. In the Akastor Sustainability Policy it is described how Akastor  aims  to  integrate  sustainability  in  its  investment processes and engages with the portfolio companies. Akastor's primary stakeholders are the shareholders (existing and potential), customers of its portfolio companies and employees of  the  Akastor  group.  Akastor  has  an  ongoing  stakeholder dialogue,  media  analysis  and  investor  presentations,  which provide important input to Akastor's work on corporate responsibility topics. All our portfolio companies are expected to ensure  integration  of  stakeholder  engagement  and  a  strong corporate responsibility in their operations. Akastor recognizes and respects the United Nations' 17 Sustainable Development Goals  (SDGs),  and  has  identified  four  SDGs  that  Akastor positively impacts. A self-assessment is used to identify where Akastor  has  the  most  opportunity  to  contribute  to  the  SDGs. Akastor identified 8, 12, and 13 as priority SDGs and encourages the portfolio companies to identify and work towards relevant SDGs in their work and strategy.

Akastor is committed to follow the Global Framework Agreement (GFA) entered into by  Aker with the trade unions Fellesforbundet, IndustriALL Global Union, NITO and Tekna on December 17, 2012. The GFA builds on and continues the commitment from the previous framework agreements signed in 2008 and 2010, and outlines key responsibilities in relation to human and trade union  rights.  The  parties  commit  themselves  to  achieving continuous improvements within the areas of working conditions, industrial  relations  with  the  employees  of  the  Aker  group  of companies, health and safety standards at the workplace and environmental  performance. Akastor  is  a  member  of  the  UN Global  Compact,  and  also  aligns  with  the  principles  of  the United  Nations  Convention  against  Corruption,  the  Universal Declaration  of  Human  Rights,  the  UN  Guiding  Principles  for Business  and  Human  Rights  and  the  ILO  Declaration  on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. These international principles guide our Code of Conduct and Integrity Policy and provide  the  overall  framework  for  the  corporate  responsibility efforts in the Akastor group.

Further information in respect of the corporate social responsibility work of Akastor and its portfolio of companies can be found in the separate Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)  report  published  simultaneously  as  the  company's annual report for 2023.

## 3. Equity and Dividends

## Equity

The  management  and  the  board  regularly  monitor  that  the group's  equity  and  liquidity  are  appropriate  for  its  objectives, strategy and risk profile. The book equity of the group as per December 31, 2022 is NOK 4 092 million, which represents an equity ratio of 60 percent. The management of financial risk is further described in the annual report.

## Dividend Policy

The board proposes the level of dividend payment to the general meeting who in turn is the decisive corporate body for dividend decisions.

Over time, the aim is that Akastor's shareholders shall receive a competitive  return  on  their  investment  either  through  cash dividends or increase in the share price, or both. The company does not intend to distribute regular or annual dividends, but will consider dividends on an ongoing basis taking into consideration the  company's  M&amp;A  activities,  expected  cash  flow,  capital expenditure  plans,  financing  requirements  and  appropriate financial flexibility.

## Authorizations for the Board of Directors

Proposals from the board of directors for future authorizations for share capital increases, share buy-backs or similar shall be for  defined  purposes,  such  as  share  purchase  programs  and acquisitions of companies, and shall remain in effect until the next annual general meeting.

The  company's  annual  general  meeting  on  20  April  2022 resolved to authorize the board to purchase treasury shares for three  purposes  for  utilization,  all  of  which  were  subject  to separate  voting  under  the  general  meeting:  (i)  purchase  of treasury shares to be used as transaction currency in connection with acquisitions, mergers, demergers and other transactions, (ii) purchase of treasury shares to be sold and/or transferred to employees and directors under share purchase programs and (iii) purchase of treasury shares for the purpose of investment or for subsequent sale or deletion of such shares. The authorizations were all limited to ten percent of the share capital. The  board's  authorizations  to  purchase  treasury  shares  are valid for the period until the date of the annual general meeting of  2023.  No  shares  were  bought  by  the  company  in  2022 pursuant to the authorizations to the board of directors. As of December 31, 2022, the company holds 1 985 164 own shares.

In  addition,  the  annual  general  meeting  in  2022  granted  the board of directors  the  mandate  to  approve  the  distribution  of dividends based on the company's annual accounts for 2021 as set out in the Public Limited Liability Companies Act section 8-2, second paragraph. The mandate is valid for the period until the date of the annual general meeting of 2023.

There are no current provisions in the articles of association of the  company  or  power  of  attorney  from  the  general  meeting which grant the board of directors the mandate to issue or buy back  of  shares  in  the  company  for  the  purposes  of  capital increases.

## Share Purchase Programs

There are currently no active share purchase programs in place in Akastor.

## 4. Equal Treatment of Shareholders and Transactions with Related Parties

The company has only one class of shares, and all shares carry equal  rights.  Existing  shareholders  shall  have  pre-emptive rights  to  subscribe  for  shares  in  the  event  of  share  capital increases, unless otherwise indicated by special circumstances. If the pre-emptive rights of existing shareholders are waived in respect of a share capital increase, the reasons for such waiver shall  be  explained  by  the  board  of  directors.  Transactions  in own shares are effected via Oslo Børs.

The largest shareholder of Akastor, Aker Holding AS, is whollyowned by Aker ASA, which in turn is controlled by Kjell Inge Røkke through TRG Holding AS and The Resource Group TRG AS. As of December 31, 2022, Aker Holding AS owns 36.7% of

<!-- image -->

the shares in Akastor ASA, which is an associated company of Aker ASA.

The board of directors is of the view that it is positive for Akastor that  Aker  ASA  assumes  the  role  of  an  active  owner  and  is actively involved in matters of importance to Akastor and to all shareholders.  The  cooperation  with  Aker  ASA  offers  Akastor access  to  special  know-how  and  resources  within  strategy, transactions and funding. Moreover, Aker ASA offers network and  negotiation  resources  from  which  Akastor  benefits  in various  contexts. This  complements  and  strengthens Akastor without curtailing the autonomy of the group. It may be necessary to offer Aker ASA special access to commercial information in connection with such cooperation. Any information disclosed to Aker  ASA's  representatives  in  such  a  context  is  subject  to confidentiality undertakings and disclosure regulations in compliance with applicable laws.

Aker ASA and Aker Solutions ASA (or their subsidiaries) are not deemed,  within  the  meaning  of  the  Public  Limited  Liability Companies Act, to be a related party of Akastor. The board of directors and the executive management team of Akastor are nevertheless conscious that all relations with these companies shall be premised on commercial terms and structured in line with arm's length principles.

In the event of any material transactions between the company and  shareholders,  directors, senior executives, or related parties thereof, which do not form part of the ordinary course of the company's business, the board of directors shall arrange for an independent assessment. The same shall, generally speaking, apply to the relationship between Akastor and Aker ASA related companies.

In  respect  of  the  above,  the  «Related  parties»  note  to  the consolidated financial statements contains information on the most significant transactions between Akastor and companies within the Aker ASA group.

## 5. Freely Negotiable Shares

The  shares  are  listed  on  the  Oslo  Børs  and  are  freely transferable. No transferability restrictions are laid down in the articles of association. There are no restrictions on the party's ability to own, trade or vote for shares in the company.

## 6. General Meetings

## Attendance, Agenda and Voting

The general meetings in Akastor will be conducted electronically. The decision to hold virtual meetings without the possibility to attend a physical meeting, is partly due to the requirements in the  Public  Limited  Liability  Companies  Act  section  5-8,  third paragraph, letter b, and party for practical considerations. The shareholders will be invited to participate online via PC, phone or tablet, and a description of how to participate is included in the  notice  of  general  meeting  that  will  be  announced.  By

<!-- image -->

participating  online,  shareholders  will  receive  a  live  webcast from  the  general  meeting,  the  opportunity  to  ask  written questions,  and  vote  on  each  of  the  items.  The  company encourages shareholders to attend the general meetings.

It will also, like previous years, be possible to vote in advance or give a proxy before the meetings. Notices convening general meetings, including comprehensive documentation relating to the items on the agenda, including the recommendation of the nomination committee, shall be sought made available on the company's website no later than 21 days prior to the general meeting. The articles of association of the company stipulate that documents pertaining to matters to be deliberated by the general meeting shall only be made available on the company's website,  and  not  normally  be  sent  physically  by  post  to  the shareholders unless required by statute.

The following matters are typically decided at the annual general meeting,  in  accordance  with  the  articles  of  association  of Akastor ASA and Norwegian background law:

- Ÿ Election of the nomination committee and stipulation of the nomination committee's fees;
- Ÿ election of shareholder representatives to the board of directors as well as stipulation of fees to the board of directors;
- Ÿ election  of  the  external  auditor  and  approval  of  the auditor's fee;
- Ÿ approval of any amendments to the board of directors' policy regarding stipulation of salary and other remuneration to the executive management, if any;
- Ÿ advisory  vote  on  the  board  of  directors'  report  on remuneration to the executive management;
- Ÿ approval  of  the  annual  accounts  and  the  board  of directors' report, including distribution of dividend; and
- Ÿ other matters which, by law or under the articles of association, are the business of the annual general meeting.

The deadline for registering intended attendance is as close to the  general  meeting  as  possible.  Information  concerning  both the registration procedure, online participation and the filing of proxies is included in the notice convening the general meeting and on the registration form. The company also aims to structure, to the extent practicable, the proxy form such as to enable the shareholders to vote on each individual item on the agenda.

## Chairperson

The articles of association stipulate that the general meetings shall be chaired by the chairperson of the board of directors or a person appointed by said chairperson. According to the Code of Practice the board should however «make arrangements to ensure an independent chairperson for the general meeting». Thus,  the  articles  of  Akastor  ASA  deviate  from  the  Code  of Practice in this respect. This has its background in a long-lasting tradition in Akastor. Having the chairperson of the board chairing the  general  meeting  also  simplifies  the  preparations  for  the general meetings significantly.

## Election of Directors

It  is  a  priority  for  the  nomination  committee  that  the  board  of directors shall work in the best possible manner as a team, and that  the  background  and  competence  of  the  directors  shall complement  each  other.  As  a  consequence,  the  nomination committee will propose that the shareholders are invited to vote on  the  full  board  composition  proposed  by  the  nomination committee  as  a  group,  and  not  on  each  director  separately. Hence, Akastor deviates from the Code of Practice stipulating that  one  should  make  «appropriate  arrangements  for  the general meeting to vote separately on each candidate nominated for election to the company's corporate bodies».

## Minutes

Minutes  of  general  meetings  will  be  published  as  soon  as practicable on the announcement  system  of Oslo Børs, www.newsweb.no (ticker: AKAST), and at www.akastor.com.

## 7. Nomination Committee

The articles of association stipulate that the company shall have a nomination committee. The nomination committee shall have no less than three members, who shall normally serve for a term of two years. The current members of the nomination committee are Ingebret G. Hisdal (chairperson), Charlotte Håkonsen and Kjetil E. Stensland, who were all elected at last year's annual general  meeting  and  are  therefore  not  up  for  re-election  this year. Charlotte Håkonsen is the General Counsel of Aker ASA (and was employed by Akastor until 2018). No members of the nomination committee are employed by, or directors of, Akastor. The majority of the members of the nomination committee are independent  of  both  Akastor's  board  of  directors  and  the executive management of the company.

The committee's recommendations (relating to particularly the board of directors and their remuneration) shall address how the  new  board  candidates  will  attend  to  the  interests  of  the shareholders in general and fill the requirements of the company, including with respect to competence, capacity and independence.

The composition of the nomination committee shall reflect the interests of all shareholders and ensure independence from the board of directors and the executive  management.  The members and the chairperson of the nomination committee are appointed by the general meeting, which also determines the remuneration of the committee.

The  annual  general  meeting  in  2010  adopted  guidelines governing the duties of the nomination committee. According to

these guidelines, the committee shall emphasize that candidates for the board have the necessary experience, competence, and capacity  to  perform  their  duties  in  a  satisfactory  manner.  A reasonable representation with regard to gender and background should also be emphasized.

The chairperson of the nomination committee has the overall responsibility for the work of the committee. In the exercise of its duties, the nomination committee may contact, among others, shareholders, the board, management, and external advisors. The nomination committee shall also ensure that its recommendations are endorsed by the largest shareholders.

Information concerning the nomination committee and deadlines for making suggestions or proposing candidates for directorships will be made available on the company's website, www.akastor. com when there are candidates up for election.

## 8. Composition and Independence of the Board of Directors

## Composition

It has been agreed with the employees that the company shall have no corporate assembly. Hence, the board appoints its own chairperson,  cf.  the  Public  Limited  Liability  Companies  Act section  6-1,  second  paragraph,  unless  the  chairperson  is appointed by the general meeting.  The  proposal of the nomination committee will normally include a proposed candidate  for  appointment  as  chairperson  of  the  board  of directors.  The  board  of  directors  appoints  its  own  deputy chairperson. According to the Public Limited Liability Companies Act, the directors are appointed for a term of two years at a time unless otherwise stated in the company's articles of association. The  articles  of  association  of  Akastor  stipulate  that  directors may be elected for a period of one to three years.

The right of the employees to be represented and participate in decision  making  is  safeguarded  through  expanded  employee representation on the board of directors of both Akastor and in a number of the group's portfolio companies.

The articles of association stipulate that the board of directors shall comprise six to twelve persons, one third of whom shall be elected by and amongst the employees of the group. In addition, up to three shareholder-appointed alternates may be appointed. As per December 31, 2022, the board of directors comprised eight directors, five of whom were elected by the shareholders and three of whom were elected by and amongst the employees. The company encourages the directors to hold shares in the company. The shareholdings of the directors as of December 31, 2022 will be set out in the 2022 remuneration report. The chairperson  Frank  O.  Reite  and  the  directors  Lone  Fønss Schrøder,  Kathryn  M.  Baker  and  Svein  Oskar  Stoknes  are currently  shareholders  in  Akastor.  The  board  composition, including  information  about  the  directors'  background  and expertise will be detailed in the annual report for 2022.

<!-- image -->

The appointment of employee representatives to the board of directors  is  conducted  as  prescribed  by  the  Public  Limited Liability  Companies Act,  the  Representation  Regulations  and also as per practice agreed with the union representatives of the employees  of  Akastor's  portfolio  companies  and  industrial holdings. The  board  of  directors  has  appointed  a  designated election committee charged with implementing the appointment of such employee representatives.

## Independence

A  majority  of  the  directors  elected  by  the  shareholders  are independent of the executive personnel and important business associates of Akastor. None of the executive personnel of the company are members of the board of directors.

The composition of the board of directors aims to ensure that the interests of all shareholders are attended to, and that the company has the know-how, resources, and diversity it needs at its disposal. Among the five shareholder-elected directors, the majority are deemed independent from the company's largest indirect shareholder, Aker ASA.

## 9. The Work of the Board of Directors

## Procedures

For  each  calendar  year,  the  board  plans  for  its  work  and meetings.  Furthermore,  there  are  rules  of  procedure  for  the board  of  directors  and  Chief  Executive  Officer,  which  govern areas  of  responsibility,  duties  and  the  distribution  of  roles between the board of directors, the chairperson of the board of directors and the Chief Executive Officer. The rules of procedure for the board of directors also include provisions on convening and  chairing  board  meetings,  decision  making,  the  duty  and right of the Chief Executive Officer to disclose information to the board of directors, the duty of confidentiality, etc. According to the  company's  articles  of  association,  each  of  the  directors elected  by  the  shareholders  will  serve  for  a  period  of  one  to three years pursuant to further decision by the general meeting. This to provide the nomination committee with the flexibility to propose varying terms of service for the candidates.

Akastor has prepared guidelines as part of its rules of procedure for the Chief Executive Officer and board of directors ensuring that directors and the Chief Executive Officer notify the board of directors  if  they  have  any  material  direct  or  indirect  personal interest  in  any  agreement  concluded  by  the  group.  The guidelines stipulate that the directors and the Chief Executive Officer shall not participate in the preparation, deliberation, or resolution of any matters that are of such special importance to themselves, or any of their related parties, so that the person in question  must  be  deemed  to  have  a  prominent  personal  or financial interest in such matters. The relevant board member or the Chief Executive Officer shall raise the issue of his or her competence whenever there may be cause to question it, and each director is the primary responsible for adopting the correct decision  as  to  whether  he  or  she  should  step  down  from participating in the discussion of the matter at hand.

<!-- image -->

In general, as further stipulated in Akastor's principles for related party  transactions,  directors  of Akastor  should  be  cautious  in participating  in  the  consideration  of  issues  where  a  potential conflict of interest or conflict of role may arise, undermining the confidence  in  the  decision  process.  Such  person  may  not participate in board discussions of more than one company that is  part  of  the  same  agreement,  unless  the  companies  have common interests. These assessments will be carried out on a case-by-case basis; in most events, and as a starting point, by the relevant directors themselves, but often also in cooperation with internal and/or external legal counsel.

The  above  principles  will  normally  also  be  applied  if Akastor contracts with other companies in which said board members hold direct or indirect ownership interests that exceed, in relative terms, their ownership interests in Akastor.

If  grounds  for  legal  incapacity  are  established,  the  relevant board member will, as a ground rule, not be granted access to any documentation prepared to the board of directors for the deliberation of the agenda item in question.

In general, Akastor applies a strict norm as far as competence assessments are concerned. In cases where the chairperson of the board of directors does not participate in the deliberations, the  deputy  chairperson  of  the  board  of  directors  chairs  the meeting.

As  far  as  the  other  officers  and  employees  of  Akastor  are concerned,  transactions  with  related  parties  and  conflicts  of interest  are  comprehensively  addressed  and  regulated  in  the group's Code of Conduct.

## Meetings

The  board  of  directors  will  hold  board  meetings  whenever needed, but normally six to twelve times a year. The need for extraordinary board meetings may typically arise because the internal  authorization  structure  of  the  company  requires  the board of directors to deliberate and approve material tenders to be submitted by the company or in relation to M&amp;A transactions. Whilst  the  deadlines  for  such  submission  often  change,  it  is difficult to fit this into the calendar of ordinary board meetings.

The board of directors held six ordinary board meetings in 2022. In addition, two extraordinary  board  meetings  were  held whereby  decisions  were  taken  by  way  of  circulation.  The aggregate attendance rate at the board meetings was close to 100 percent.

## The Matters Discussed by the Board of Directors

The Chief Executive Officer prepares cases for deliberation by the board of directors in cooperation with the chairperson of the board. Endeavours are made to prepare and present matters in such  a  way  that  the  board  of  directors  is  provided  with  an adequate basis for its deliberations. The board of directors has overall responsibility for the management of Akastor and shall, through the Chief Executive Officer, ensure that its activities are organized in a sound manner. The board of directors shall adopt plans and budgets for the business, and keep itself informed of the financial position of, and development within, the company. This encompasses the annual planning process of Akastor, with the adoption of overall goals and strategic choices for the group, as well as financial plans, budgets, and forecasts for the group and the portfolio companies. The board of directors performs annual evaluations of its work and its know-how.

## Audit Committee

Akastor will have an audit committee comprising two to four of the  directors.  The  audit  committee  currently  comprises  the directors Lone Fønss Schrøder (chair), Kathryn M. Baker and Henning Jensen. The audit committee is independent from the management.

At least one of the members of the audit committee shall have either  formal  qualifications  within  accounting  or  auditing,  or relevant experience and skills within the same. Both members Fønss Schrøder and Baker have such relevant experience and skills.  The  audit  committee  has  a  mandate  and  a  working method  that  complies  with  statutory  requirements.  The  audit committee  mandate  forms  an  integrated  part  of  the  rules  of procedures  for  the  board  of  directors.  The  committee  will participate,  on  behalf  of  the  board  of  directors,  in  the  quality assurance of guidelines, policies, and other governing instruments in Akastor. The  audit committee performs a qualitative review of the quarterly and annual reports of Akastor, including Akastor's  reporting  on  ESG  and  other  non-financial matters. Significant judgment calls (uncertain estimates) made in the financial statements in the quarter are reviewed by the audit  committee.  The  audit  committee  further  supports  the board of directors in safeguarding that the company has sound risk  management  and  internal  controls.  The  audit  committee reviews the status on internal controls on an annual basis. In order  to  safeguard  appropriate  processes  and  assessments, the  board's  audit  committee  shall  also  review  major  M&amp;A transactions as well as related party transactions which are not part of the company's ordinary course of business, unless such related party transactions are immaterial.

Akastor  currently  has  no  remuneration  committee  as  the experiences from having such showed more merit in discussing matters comprised by this committee's mandate with all directors present. As of December 31, 2022, there are no other board committees  than  the  audit  committee.  The  board  does  not envisage appointing any further board committees in 2023.

The board evaluates its performance and qualification annually. A  summary  of  the  evaluation  was  made  available  to  the nomination committee.

## 10. Risk Management and Internal Control

## Governing Principles

The board of directors shall ensure that Akastor has sound internal control and systems for risk management that are appropriate in

relation to the extent and nature of the company's activities. The audit committee supports the board of directors in safeguarding that the company has internal procedures and systems that ensure good  corporate  governance,  stakeholder  engagement,  effective internal  controls  and  proper  risk  management,  particularly  in relation to financial reporting. The Chief Financial Officer reports directly  to  the  audit  committee  on  matters  relating  to  financial reporting, financial risks and internal controls.

Akastor  has  implemented  an  internal  system  for  reporting serious  matters  such  as  breaches  of  ethical  guidelines  and violations of the law, which is also available to external parties at www.akastor.com.

## Risk Management

Akastor and its portfolio companies are exposed to a variety of market, operational and financial risks. The board of directors carries out an annual review of the company's most important areas of exposure to risk and its internal control arrangements.

Being an investment company, the main objective of Akastor is to create value for its shareholders. Potential impacts on the net asset  value,  share  price  or  predictability  of  earnings  are therefore key parameters in the board's risk evaluation. Sound risk management throughout the organization, including by its portfolio  companies  and  industrial  holdings,  is  recognized  by Akastor  as  an  invaluable  tool  in  the  process  of  achieving strategic, financial and operational goals while at the same time ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements and adherence to high integrity standards.

Risk evaluation is an integral part of all business activities and Akastor employs a decentralized model for allocating managerial responsibility under which the portfolio companies are required to  establish  their  own  risk  management  and  internal  control systems. Akastor's representatives on boards of directors in the portfolio companies seek to ensure that the portfolio companies follow the principles of sound corporate governance.

Akastor manages risk through an internal framework both on a corporate  and  portfolio  company  level  comprising  guidelines, policies  and  procedures  intended  to  ensure  good  business operations and provide unified and reliable financial reporting. The board of directors has adopted an authorization matrix that forms  part  of  its  governing  documents  where  authority  is delegated to the Akastor Chief Executive Officer. Furthermore, authorization  matrices  are  adopted  for  each  of  the  portfolio companies,  pursuant  to  which  the  Akastor  Chief  Executive Officer delegates authority to the boards and Chief Executive Officers  of  the  respective  portfolio  companies,  which  again adopts authorization matrices for the portfolio organizations.

The board receives and reviews risk reports prepared by the management, in respect of regular operational/business risk as well as risk related to ESG. The management's risk reporting is based  on  the  total  level  of  insight  obtained  through  regular reporting and the close cooperation that Akastor has with the

<!-- image -->

portfolio companies, including from Akastor's investment directors and board representatives. Management of operational risk and risk related to ESG primarily rests with the underlying portfolio companies, although Akastor acts as an active driver through its involvement on the boards and through support and follow-up  by  the  various Akastor  corporate  functions  towards relevant functions in the portfolio companies.

Akastor's management holds review meetings with the management of the different portfolio companies. The purpose of  the  meetings  is  to  conduct  an  in-depth  review  of  the development of each portfolio company, focusing on operations, risk management, market conditions, the competitive situation and  strategic  issues.  These  meetings  provide  an  important foundation for Akastor's assessment of its overall financial and operational risk.

A key risk in one of the smaller portfolio companies may still be negligible  on  the  group  level,  whereas  important  risks  in  the largest portfolio companies may have a serious impact on the group as a whole. Akastor's decentralized approach to operational  risk  management,  as  described  above,  raises  a need  for  management  to  process  and  calibrate  the  insight obtained through various interfaces with the portfolio companies prior  to  the  board's  annual  risk  review. The  objective  of  such exercise  is  to  ensure  that  risks  are  reported  in  a  format  that allows the board to acquire a true and fair view of the overall risk environment of the Akastor group in an efficient manner and to focus its attention on risks that are material on an aggregated group level.

Prior to the board's review of risk reporting, the audit committee reviews the reported risks and associated risk-reducing measures. The audit committee also reviews the company's inhouse reporting systems and internal control and risk management,  and  prepares  the  board's  review  of  financial reporting.

## Financial Reporting

The  Akastor  financial  reporting  division  reports  to  the  Chief Financial  Officer  and  is  responsible  for  the  external  reporting process and  the internal management  financial reporting process. This also includes assessing financial reporting risks and internal controls over financial reporting in the group.

The consolidated external financial statements are prepared in accordance with IFRS and IAS standards as approved by the EU. The existing policies and standards governing the annual and  quarterly  financial  reporting  in  the  group,  including  the Akastor accounting principles, are available for Akastor employees.

Clearing meetings are held with the management teams of the portfolio companies (with owernship more than 50 percent) in connection with the annual closing of accounts and may also be held  in  connection  with  quarterly  financial  reporting.  For  the 2022 financial year, clearing meetings with the portfolio

<!-- image -->

companies were held in October 2022 and January 2023. The main purpose is to ensure high-quality financial reporting. Such meetings  focus  on  important  items  involving  estimation  and judgment, non-balance-sheet items, accounting for significant transactions, new or modified accounting principles and other topics  relevant  to  the  respective  portfolio  companies.  The external auditor is present in the clearing meetings.

## Other Reporting

In addition to the abovementioned financial reporting, there are regular  business  review  and  board  meetings  in  the  portfolio companies which ensure timely and high-quality reporting from the portfolio companies to the corporate management.

Regular  reports  for  Akastor  and  the  portfolio  companies  are submitted  to  the  board  of  directors.  The  quarterly  business update contains key financial numbers, M&amp;A updates, financing, status  of  value  creation  plans,  compliance,  risk  management and share price  information  for  the Akastor  group.  Further,  it contains key financial numbers, key operational topics, status on value drivers as well as key market information for the main portfolio  companies.  The  monthly  business  update  contains high level financial and operational information for the Akastor group, as well as key highlights for the main portfolio companies.

## 11. Remuneration of the Board of Directors

The  remuneration  of  the  board  of  directors  will  reflect  its responsibilities, know-how and time commitment, as well as the complexity of the business. The remuneration will be proposed by the nomination committee, and is not performance-related or linked to options in Akastor. More detailed information about the remuneration of individual directors is provided in the remuneration report for 2022, as further described in section 12 below. Neither the directors, nor companies with whom they are affiliated, should accept specific paid duties for Akastor beyond their  directorships.  If  they  nevertheless  do  so,  the  board  of directors  shall  be  informed  and  the  remuneration  shall  be approved by the board of directors. No remuneration shall be accepted from anyone other than the company or the relevant group company in connection with such duties.

## 12. Remuneration of Executive Personnel

The board of directors has adopted designated guidelines for the  remuneration  of  executive  management  pursuant  to  the provisions  of  section  6-16a  of  the  Public  Limited  Liability Companies Act. The  current  guidelines  were  adopted  by  the general meeting on April 20, 2022. The board of directors has not considered it necessary to suggest any amendments to the guidelines and the existing policy will therefore apply also for 2023.

In accordance with section 6-16b of the Public Limited Liability Companies Act,  the  board  of  directors  has  also  prepared  a report  on  the  remuneration  to  the  executive  management, detailing    the  remuneration  received  by  members  of  the executive management in 2022. The report is available at www. akastor.com,  and  will  be  subject  for  an  advisory  vote  on  the annual general meeting 2023.

## 13. Information and Communication

Akastor  has  no  option  schemes  or  option  programs  for  the allotment of shares to employees. The Chief Executive Officer determines the remuneration of executive management on the basis of the guidelines laid down by the board of directors. All performance-related  remuneration  within  the  group  will  be made subject to a cap. Further information about the remuneration  of  each  executive  manager  is  provided  in  the mentioned remuneration report for 2022.

The company has adopted a designated communications and investor  relations  policy  which  covers,  among  other  things, guidelines  for  the  company's  contact  with  shareholders  other than through general meetings.

The company's reporting of financial and other information is based on openness and the equal treatment of all securities market players. The long-term purpose of the investor relations function  is  to  ensure  access  for  the  company  to  capital  on competitive  terms,  whilst  at  the  same  time  ensuring  that  the shareholders are provided with the most correct pricing of the shares  that  can  be  achieved.  This  shall  take  place  through correct  and  timely  distribution  of  price-sensitive  information, whilst  ensuring,  at  the  same  time,  that  the  company  is  in compliance with applicable rules and market practices. Reference is also made to the above discussion concerning the flow of information between Akastor and Aker ASA in connection with their  cooperation within, inter alia, strategy, transactions, and funding.

All  stock  exchange  announcements  and  press  releases  are made available on the company's website, and stock exchange announcements  are  also  available  at  www.newsweb.no.  The company  holds  open  presentations  in  connection  with  the reporting of financial performance, either by a physical meeting or by a conference call and webcast, and these presentations are broadcasted on the internet. The financial calendar of the company is available at www.akastor.com.

## 14. Take-overs

The  overriding  principle  for  Akastor  is  equal  treatment  of shareholders.  In  a  bid  situation,  the  board  of  directors  and management have an independent responsibility to help ensure that shareholders are treated equally, and that the company's business activities are not disrupted unnecessarily. In a takeover situation, the board will have a particular responsibility to ensure that shareholders are given sufficient information and time to form a view of the offer.

The board of directors has not deemed it appropriate to adopt specific  guidelines  for  take-over  situations  as  long  as  Aker

Holdings  AS  continues  to  be  the  dominant  shareholder  of Akastor. This represents a deviation from the Code of Practice.

## 15. Auditors

The external auditor presents a plan for the performance of the audit  work  to  the  audit  committee  annually.  In  addition,  the auditor  provides  the  audit  committee  with  an  annual  written confirmation to the effect that the independence requirement is met. The auditor attends all audit committee meetings, and the auditor has reviewed any material changes to the accounting principles  of  the  company,  or  to  the  internal  controls  of  the company, with the audit committee. The external auditor also attends the board meeting where the annual financial statements are reviewed and approved, normally in March. The board of directors  holds  a  minimum  of  one  annual  meeting  with  the auditor without any executive personnel being in attendance.

The board's audit committee stipulates guidelines on the scope for using the auditor for services other than auditing,and makes recommendations  to  the  board  of  directors  concerning  the appointment  of  the  external  auditor  and  the  approval  of  the auditor's fees. Fees payable to the auditor, separated into those relating  to  auditing  and  those  relating  to  other  services,  are specified  in  the  «Other  operating  expenses»  note  to  the consolidated  financial  statements  for  the  group  and  are  also reported to the general meeting. The auditor's fees relating to auditing are subject to approval by the general meeting.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## a. 04. FINANCIALS AND NOTES

## AKASTOR GROUP

| Akastor Group | Consolidated income statement  25  Akastor Group | Consolidated statement of comprehensive income  26  Akastor Group | Consolidated statement of financial position  27  Akastor Group | Consolidated statement of changes in equity  28  Akastor Group | Consolidated statement of cash flow  29  General  Note 1 | Corporate information  30  Note 2 | Basis for preparation  30  Note 3 | Significant accounting policies  31  Note 4 | Significant accounting estimates and judgements  36  Performance of the year  Note 5 | Discontinued operations  38  Note 6 | Disposal group held for sale and disposal of subsidiaries  39  Note 7 | Operating segments  40  Note 8 | Revenue and other income  44  Note 9 | Salaries, wages and social security costs  46  Note 10 | Other operating expenses  46  Note 11 | Finance income and costs  47  Note 12 | Income tax  48  Note 13 | Earnings per share  50  Assets  Note 14 | Property, plant and equipment  51  Note 15 | Intangible assets and goodwill  52  Note 16 | Impairment testing of goodwill  53  Note 17 | Equity-accounted investees  54  Note 18 | Other investments  Note 19 | Non-current interest-bearing receivables  56  Note 20 | Trade and other receivables  57  Note 21 | Cash and cash equivalents  57  Equity and liabilities  Note 22 | Capital and reserves  58  Note 23 | Borrowings  59  Note 24 | Other liabilities  60  Note 25 | Employee benefits - pension  61  Note 26 | Provisions  64  Note 27 | Trade and other payables  64  Financial risk management  Note 28 | Capital management  65  Note 29 | Financial risk management and exposures  66  Note 30 | Financial instruments  69  Other  Note 31 | Leases  72  Note 32 | Group companies  74  Note 33 | Related parties  75  Note 34 | Events after reporting date  76   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Akastor Group | Consolidated income statement For the year ended December 31

| Amounts in NOK million  Note  2022  2021  Revenue and other income  7, 8  1 059  953  Materials, goods and services  (420)  (294)  Salaries, wages and social security costs  9  (366)  (367)  Other operating expenses  10  (109)  (78)  Impairment loss on receivables  20  (174)  (214)  Operating expenses  (1 069)  (953)  Operating profit before depreciation, amortization and impairment  (10)  -  Depreciation, amortization and impairment  14,15, 31  (66)  (82)  Operating profit (loss)  (76)  (82)  Finance income  490  369  Finance expenses  (244)  (175)  Impairment loss on debt instruments  (166)  -  Net finance income  11  80  194  Share of net profit (loss) from equity-accounted investees  17  (263)  (346)  Profit (loss) before tax  (259)  (235)  Income tax benefit (expense)  12  (2)  20  Profit (loss) from continuing operations  (261)  (215)  Profit (loss) from discontinued operations (net of income tax)  5  4  1 140  Profit (loss) for the period  (257)  925  Profit (loss) for the period attributable to:  Equity holders of the parent company  (276)  919  Non-controlling interests  19  6  Basic / diluted earnings (loss) per share (NOK)  13  (1.01)  3.38  Basic / diluted earnings (loss) per share continuing operations (NOK)  13  (1.03)  (0.81)  Basic / diluted earnings (loss) per share discontinued operations (NOK)  13  0.02  4.20   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Akastor Group | Consolidated statement of comprehensive income For the year ended December 31

| Amounts in NOK million  Note  2022  2021  Profit (loss) for the period  (257)  925  Other comprehensive income  Cash flow hedges, effective portion of changes in fair value  -  (22)  Cash flow hedges, reclassification to income statement  -  1  Total change in hedging reserve, net of tax  -  (21)  Total change in fair value reserve, net of tax  -  (20)  Currency translation differences - foreign operations  325  33  Currency translation differences, reclassification to income statement upon disposal  -  (472)  Share of OCI from equity-accounted investees  17  (86)  (7)  Total items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss, net of tax  239  (487)  Remeasurement gain (loss) net defined benefit liability  25  (11)  9  Deferred tax of remeasurement gain (loss) net defined benefit liability  -  (6)  Share of OCI from equity-accounted investees  17  10  -  Total items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss, net of tax  (1)  3  Total other comprehensive income, net of tax  238  (484)  Total comprehensive income (loss) for the period, net of tax  (19)  441  Attributable to:  Equity holders of the parent company Non-controlling interests  (38)  435  19  6   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Akastor Group | Consolidated statement of financial position As of December 31

| Amounts in NOK million  Note  2022  2021  Deferred tax assets  12  37  42  Property, plant and equipment  14  237  251  Intangible assets and goodwill  15  146  145  Right-of-use assets  31  27  41  Equity-accounted investees  17  3 502  3 408  Other investments  18  869  1 625  Non-current interest-bearing receivables  19  668  315  Non-current finance lease receivables  31  10  176  Other non-current assets  2  21  Total non-current assets  5 497  6 025  Inventories  5  5  Trade and other receivables  20  769  872  Derivative financial instruments  -  10  Current finance lease receivables  31  208  64  Current investments  18  162  147  Cash and cash equivalents  21  119  89  Assets classified as held for sale  6  43  -  Total current assets  1 307  1 187  Total assets  6 804  7 212  Issued capital incl. treasury shares  22  161  161  Other capital paid in  1 540  1 538  Reserves and retained earnings  2 355  2 393  Equity attributable to equity holders of the parent company  4 056  4 091  Non-controlling interests  36  18  Total equity  4 092  4 109  Non-current borrowings  23  198  1 372  Non-current lease liabilities  31  37  72  Employee benefit obligations  25  96  108  Deferred tax liabilities  12  4  4  Other non-current liabilities  24  459  628  Provisions, non-current  26  3  26  Total non-current liabilities  796  2 211  Current borrowings  23  1 142  16  Current lease liabilities  31  48  82  Current tax liabilities  2  1  Provisions, current  26  31  20  Trade and other payables  27  498  625  Other current liabilities  24  162  148  Liabilities classified as held for sale  6  32  -  Total current liabilities  1 916  892  Total liabilities  2 712  3 103  Total equity and liabilities  6 804  7 212   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Fornebu, March 22, 2023 | Board of Directors of Akastor ASA

Asle Christian Halvorsen | Director

Stian Sjølund | Director

Karl Erik Kjelstad | CEO

Henning Jensen | Director

Kathryn M. Baker | Director

Luis Antonio G. Araujo | Director

Svein Oskar Stoknes | Director

Frank O. Reite | Chairperson

Lone Fønss Schrøder | Deputy Chairperson

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Akastor Group | Consolidated statement of changes in equity

| Amounts in NOK million  Share  capital  Treasury  shares  Other  capital  paid in  Hedging  reserve  1)  Fair  value  reserve 1)  Currency  trans-  lation  reserve 1)  Retained  earnings  Equity  attributable  to equity  holders of  the parent  company  Non-con-  trolling  interests  (NCI)  Total  equity  2021  Equity as of January 1, 2021  162  (2)  1 538  21  (52)  182  1 808  3 657  11  3 669  Profit (loss) for the period  -  -  -  -  -  -  919  919  6  925  Other comprehensive income  -  -  -  (21)  (20)  (446)  3  (484)  -  (484)  Total comprehensive income  -  -  -  (21)  (20)  (446)  922  (435)  6  441  Transaction with NCI  -  -  -  -  -  -  (1)  (1)  1  -  Equity as of December 31, 2021  162  (2)  1 538  -  (72)  (264)  2 730  4 091  18  4 109  2022  Profit (loss) for the period  -  -  -  -  -  -  (276)  (276)  19  (257)  Other comprehensive income  -  -  -  (8)  -  248  (1)  238  -  238  Total comprehensive income  -  -  -  (8)  -  248  (277)  (38)  19  (19)  Treasury share transactions  -  -  2  -  -  -  -  2  -  2  Equity as of December 31, 2022  162  (1)  1 540  (8)  (72)  (16)  2 453  4 056  36  4 092   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) See Note 22 Capital and reserves.

## Akastor Group | Consolidated statement of cash flow For the year ended December 31

| Amounts in NOK million  Note  2022  2021  Cash flow from operating activities  Profit (loss) for the period - continuing operations  (261)  (215)  Profit (loss) for the period - discontinued operations  4  1 140  Profit (loss) for the period  (257)  925  Adjustments for:  Income tax expense (benefit)  2  (20)  Net interest cost and unrealized currency (income) loss  193  142  Depreciation, amortization and impairment  14, 15, 31  66  260  (Gain) loss on disposal of subsidiaries  (25)  (1 225)  (Gain) loss on disposal of assets  (2)  (51)  (Profit) loss from equity-accounted investees  17  263  346  Other non-cash effects  (229)  (272)  Changes in net working capital  (187)  (151)  Cash generated from operating activities  (176)  (46)  Dividend received  22  37  Interest paid  (168)  (120)  Interest paid for leases  (6)  (26)  Interest received  66  38  Interest received for leases  21  12  Income taxes paid  (3)  8  Net cash from operating activities  (244)  (96)  Cash flow from investing activities  Acquisition of property, plant and equipment  14  2  (112)  Payments for capitalized development  15  (11)  (24)  Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired  2  -  Proceeds (payments) related to sale of subsidiaries  (96)  591  Proceeds from (acquisition of) other investments  745  (9)  Payments to equity-accounted investees  (76)  (47)  Proceeds from finance lease receivables  53  29  Net cash flow from other investing activities  -  3  Net cash from investing activities  619  431  Cash flow from financing activities  Proceeds from borrowings  23  756  1 067  Repayment of borrowings  23  (996)  (1 472)  Payment of lease liabilities  31  (78)  (112)  Proceeds from transaction with non-controlling interests  -  1  Net cash used in financing activities  (318)  (516)  Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and bank deposits  (26)  (5)  Net increase (decrease) in cash and bank deposits  31  (186)  Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period  89  275  Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period  21  119  89  Of which is restricted cash  2  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The statement included cash flows from discontinued operations prior to the disposal.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Note 1 | Corporate information

Akastor ASA is a limited  liability  company  incorporated  and  domiciled  in Norway  and  whose  shares  are  publicly  traded.  The  registered  office  is located at Oksenøyveien 10, Bærum, Norway. The largest shareholder is Aker Holding AS which is wholly owned by Aker ASA as of December 31, 2022.

The consolidated financial statements of Akastor ASA and its subsidiaries (collectively  referred  as  Akastor  or  the  group,  and  separately  as  group companies) for the year ended December 31, 2022 were approved by the board of directors and CEO on March 22, 2023. The consolidated financial statements will be authorized by the Annual General Meeting on April 19, 2023.

The group is an oilfield services investment company with a portfolio of industrial holdings and other investments. Akastor is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange under the ticker AKAST. Information on the group's structure is provided in Note 32 Group companies. Information on other related party relationships of the group is provided in Note 33 Related parties.

## Note 2 | Basis for preparation

## Basis of accounting

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with  International  Financial  Reporting  Standards  as  adopted  by  the European Union (IFRS), their interpretations adopted by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and the additional requirements of the Norwegian Accounting Act as of December 31, 2022.

## Going concern basis of accounting

The  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  on  a  going concern  basis,  which  assumes  that  the  group  will  be  able  to  meet  the mandatory terms and conditions  of  the  banking  facilities  as  disclosed  in Note 28 Capital management. Please refer to Board of Directors' report for more information about going concern assessment.

## Basis of measurement

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for the following material items, which are measured on an alternative basis on each reporting date:

- Ÿ Derivative financial instruments are measured at fair value.
- Ÿ Non-derivative financial instruments at Fair Value through Profit or Loss (FVTPL) are measured at fair value.
- Ÿ Debt  instrument  at  Fair  Value  through  Other  Comprehensive Income (FVOCI) are measured at fair value.
- Ÿ Contingent  considerations  assumed  in  business  disposals  are measured at fair value.
- Ÿ Net defined benefit (asset) liability is recognized at fair value of plan assets less the present value of the defined benefit obligation.

## Functional and presentation currency

The  consolidated  financial  statements  are  presented  in  NOK,  which  is Akastor  ASA's  functional  currency.  All  financial  information  presented  in NOK has been rounded to the nearest million (NOK million), except when otherwise stated. The subtotals and totals in some of the tables in these consolidated financial statements may not equal the sum of the amounts shown due to rounding.

When the functional currency in a reporting unit is changed, the effect of the change is accounted for prospectively.

## Use of estimates and judgements

The preparation of financial  statements  in  conformity  with  IFRS  requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses. Although management believes these assumptions to be reasonable, given historical experience, actual amounts and results could differ from these estimates. The items involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, and items where assumptions and estimates are material to the consolidated financial statements, are disclosed in Note 4 Significant accounting estimates and judgements.

The estimates  and  underlying  assumptions  are  reviewed  on  an  ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimate is revised and in any future periods affected.

## Note 3 | Significant accounting policies

## Summary of significant accounting policies

The  principal accounting  policies  applied  in  the  preparation  of  these consolidated  financial  statements  are  set  out  below.  These  policies  have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated..

## Basis of consolidation

## Subsidiaries

Subsidiaries  are  entities  controlled  by  the  group.  The  group  controls an  entity  when  it  is  exposed  to,  or  has  rights  to,  variable  returns  from its  involvement  with  the  entity  and  has  the  ability  to  affect  those  returns through its power over the entity. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date on which control commences until the date of which control ceases.

## Business combinations

Business  combinations  are  accounted  for  using  the  acquisition  method as  of  the  acquisition  date,  which  is  the  date  when  control  is  transferred to the group. The consideration transferred in the acquisition is generally measured  at  fair  value,  as  are  the  identifiable  net  assets  acquired. Any goodwill that arises is tested annually for impairment.

Transaction costs, other than those associated with the issue of debt or equity  securities  incurred  in  connection  with  a  business  combination  are expensed as incurred.

Any  contingent  consideration  payable  is  measured  at  fair  value  at  the acquisition date. Changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration from acquisition of a subsidiary or non-controlling interest for transactions will be recognized in Other income as gain or loss, except for the obligation that is classified as equity.

## Non-controlling interests

Non-controlling interests are measured initially at their fair value at the date of acquisition. Changes in the group's ownership interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions.

## Loss of control

On the loss of control, the group derecognizes the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary, any non-controlling interests and the other components of equity. Any resulting gain or loss is recognized in the income statement. Any interest retained in the former subsidiary is measured at fair value when control  is  lost.  Subsequently  it  is  accounted  for  as  an  equity-accounted investee or as an available-for-sale financial asset depending on the level of influence retained.

Any contingent consideration receivable is measured at fair value at the disposal  date.  Changes  in  the  fair  value  of  the  contingent  consideration from divestment of a subsidiary for transactions will be recognized in Other income as gain or loss.

## Investments in joint ventures

The group's interests in equity-accounted investees comprise interests in joint ventures.

<!-- image -->

A  joint  venture  is  an  arrangement  in  which  the  group  has  joint  control, whereby the group has rights to the net assets of the arrangement, rather to  its  assets  and  obligations  for  its  liabilities.  Joint  control  is  established by contractual agreement requiring unanimous consent of the ventures for strategic, financial and operating decisions.

Interests  in  joint  ventures  are  accounted  for  using  the  equity  method. They  are  initially  recognized  at  cost,  which  includes  transaction  costs. Subsequent  to  initial  recognition,  the  consolidated  financial  statements include the group's share of the profit and loss and other comprehensive income  of  the  equity-accounted  investees.  When  the  group's  share  of losses exceeds its interest in an equity-accounted investee, the carrying amount of that  interest,  including  any  long-term  investments,  is  reduced to zero, and further losses are not recognized except to the extent that the group incurs legal  or  constructive  obligations  or  has  made  payments  on behalf of the investee.

## Transactions eliminated on consolidation

Intra-group  balances  and  transactions,  and  any  unrealized  gains  and losses or income and expenses arising from intra-group transactions, are eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial statements. Unrealized gains  arising  from  transactions  with  joint  ventures  are  eliminated  to  the extent of the group's interest in the entity. Unrealized losses are eliminated in the same way as unrealized gains, but only to the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.

## Assets held for sale

Non-current  assets,  or  disposal  groups  comprising  assets  and  liabilities, that are expected to be recovered primarily through sale rather than through continuing use, are classified as held for sale. This condition is regarded as met only when the sale is highly probable and the asset or disposal group is available for immediate sale in its present condition. Management must be committed to the sale, which should be expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale within one year from the date of classification.

Non-current  assets  and  disposal  groups  classified  as  held  for  sale  are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell.  Property,  plant  and  equipment and intangible assets once classified as held for sale are not depreciated or amortized, but are considered in the overall impairment testing of the disposal group.

No reclassifications are made for years prior to the year when non-current assets or disposal groups are classified as a held for sale.

## Discontinued operations

A  discontinued  operation  is  a  component  of  the  group's  business  that represents  a  separate  major  line  of  business  or  geographical  area  of operations that has been disposed of or is held for sale, or is a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale. Classification as a discontinued operation occurs upon disposal or when the operation meets the criteria to be classified as held for sale, if earlier.

In the consolidated income  statement, income  and  expenses  from discontinued operations are reported separately from income and expenses

<!-- image -->

from continuing operations, down to the level of profit after taxes. When an operation is classified as a discontinued operation, the comparative income statement is restated as if the operation had been discontinued from the start of the comparative year.

The  statement  of  cash  flow  includes  the  cash  flow  from  discontinued operations prior to the disposal. Cash flows attributable to the operating, investing and financing activities of discontinued operations are presented in the notes to the extent these represent cash flows with third parties.

## Foreign currency

## Foreign currency transactions and balances

Transactions in foreign currencies are translated at the exchange rate at the  date  of  the  transaction.  Monetary  assets  and  liabilities  denominated in foreign currencies at the reporting date are translated to the functional currency at the exchange rate on that date. Foreign exchange differences arising  on  translation  are  recognized  in  the  income  statement.  Nonmonetary  assets  and  liabilities  measured  in  terms  of  historical  cost  in  a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rate on the date of the transaction.  Non-monetary  assets  and  liabilities  denominated  in  foreign currencies that are measured at fair value are translated to the functional currency at the exchange rates on the date the fair value is determined.

## Investments in foreign operations

Items  included  in  the  financial  statements  of  each  of  the  group's  entities are measured using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates. The results and financial positions of all the group entities that have a functional currency different from the group's presentation currency are translated into the presentation currency as follows:

- Ÿ Assets and liabilities, including goodwill and fair value adjustments, are translated at the closing exchange rate at the reporting date.
- Ÿ Income statements are translated at average exchange rate for the year, calculated on the basis of 12 monthly end rates.

Exchange  differences  arising  from  the  translation  of  the  net  investment in  foreign  operations,  and  of  related  hedges,  are  included  in  other comprehensive income as currency translation reserve. These translation differences are reclassified to the income statement upon disposal of the related operations or when settlement is likely to occur in the near future.

Monetary items that are receivable from or payable to a foreign operation are considered as part of the net investment in that foreign operation, when the settlement is neither planned nor likely to occur in the foreseeable future. Exchange differences arising from these monetary items are recognized in other comprehensive income.

## Current/non-current classification

An asset is classified as current when it is expected to be realized or is intended for sale or consumption in the group's normal operating cycle, it is  held primarily for the purpose of being traded, or it is expected/due to be realized or settled within twelve months after the reporting date. Other assets are classified as non-current.

A liability  is  classified  as  current  when  it  is  expected  to  be  settled  in  the group's normal operating cycle, is held primarily for the purpose of being traded,  the  liability  is  due  to  be  settled  within  twelve  months  after  the reporting  period,  or  if  the  group  does  not  have  an  unconditional  right  to defer settlement of the liability for at least twelve months after the reporting period. All other liabilities are classified as non-current.

## Financial assets, financial liabilities and equity

On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified as measured at amortized costs, FVOCI or FVTPL. The classification depends on the group's business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual terms of the cash flows.

- Ÿ A financial asset is measured at amortized costs if the business model is to hold the asset to collect contractual cash flows, and the  contractual  cash  flows  are  solely  payments  of  principal  and interests (SPPI criterion).
- Ÿ A  debt  instrument  is  classified  at  FVOCI  if  the  business  model is both collecting contractual cash flows and selling the financial asset, and it meets the SPPI criterion.
- Ÿ All financial assets not classified as measured at amortized cost or FVOCI are measured at FVTPL.

Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition unless the group changes its business model for managing financial assets.

## Other investments

Other investments include equity and debt investments in companies where the group has neither control nor significant influence, usually represented by less than 20 percent of the voting power. The investments are categorized as financial assets measured at FVTPL or FVOCI and recognized at fair value at the reporting date. Subsequent to initial recognition, changes in financial assets measured at FVTPL are recognized in profit and loss.

When a debt instrument is classified as financial asset measured at FVOCI, interest  income  calculated  using  the  effective  interest    method,  foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment losses are recognized in profit and loss. Other changes in fair value are recognized in other comprehensive income and presented as part of fair value reserve. When financial asset measured at FVOCI is derecognized, the gain or loss accumulated in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit and loss.

## Trade and other receivables

Trade  and  other  receivables  are  generally  classified  as  financial  assets measured at amortized costs. They are recognized at the original invoiced amount,  less  loss  allowance  made  for  credit  losses.  The  interest  rate element is disregarded if insignificant, which is the case for the majority of the group's trade receivables.

## Interest-bearing receivables

Interest-bearing  receivables  include  loans  to  related  parties  and  are generally  classified  as  financial  assets  measured  at  amortized  costs. Such financial assets are recognized initially at fair value and subsequent measurement at amortized cost using the effective interest method, less any impairment losses.

## Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, demand deposits held at banks and other short-term highly liquid investments with original maturity of three months or less.

## Trade and other payables

Trade  payables  are  recognized  at  the  original  invoiced  amount.  Other payables are recognized initially  at  fair  value.  Trade  and  other  payables are valued at amortized cost using the effective interest rate method. The interest rate element is disregarded if it is insignificant, which is the case for the majority of the group's trade payables.

## Interest-bearing borrowings

Interest-bearing  borrowings  are  recognized  initially  at  fair  value  less attributable  transaction  costs.  Subsequent  to  initial  recognition,  interestbearing  borrowings  are  measured  at  amortized  cost  with  any  difference between  cost  and  redemption  value  being  recognized  in  the  income statement over the period of the borrowings on an effective interest basis.

## Share capital

Ordinary  shares  are  classified  as  equity.  Repurchase  of  share  capital  is recognized as a reduction in equity and is classified as treasury shares.

## Finance income and expense

Finance income and expense include interest income and expense, foreign exchange gains and losses, dividend income, gains and losses on derivatives, as  well  as  change  in  fair  value  of  financial  assets  measured  at  FVTPL. Interest income and expenses include calculated interest using the effective interest method, in addition to discounting effects from assets and liabilities measured  at  fair  value.  Gains  and  losses  on  derivatives  include  effects from derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting and embedded derivatives, in addition to the ineffective portion of qualifying hedges.

## Revenue from contract with customers

IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with customers establishes a five-step method that  applies  to  all  customer  contracts.  Under  the  standard,  only  approved customer contracts with a firm commitment are basis for revenue recognition. The deliveries in the contracts are reviewed to identify distinct performance obligations, and revenue is recognized in line with how the entity satisfies these performance obligations - either over time or at a point in time. This assessment may involve significant judgement. For contracts with customers for which the performance obligations are satisfied over time, revenue is recognized over time using a cost progress method or as time and material are delivered to the customer. For contracts with customers for which the performance obligations are satisfied at a point in time, revenue is recognized at the point in time when the customer obtains control of the product or the service.

Majority of the group's revenue is service revenue generated from rendering of services to customers. The customers simultaneously receive and consume the benefits provided by these services. The invoicing is usually based on the  service  provided  at  regular  basis.  Under  some  service  contracts,  the invoices are based on hours or days performed at agreed rates. The group has assessed that these performance obligations are satisfied over time. The revenue is recognized according to progress, or using the invoiced amounts when the invoiced amounts directly correspond with the value of the services that are transferred to the customers.

## Income tax

Income  tax  recognized  in  the  income  statement  comprises  current  and deferred  tax.  Income  tax  is  recognized  in  the  income  statement  except to the extent that it relates to items recognized directly in equity or other comprehensive income.

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantially enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years. Current tax payable also includes any tax liability arising from the declaration of dividends, recognized at the same time as the liability to pay the related dividend.

Deferred  tax  is  recognized  in  respect  of  temporary  differences  between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is not recognized for:

- Ÿ Goodwill not deductible for tax purposes
- Ÿ The  initial  recognition  of  assets  or  liabilities  that  affects  neither accounting nor taxable profit
- Ÿ Temporary  differences  relating  to  investments  in  subsidiaries  to the extent that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future

Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to temporary differences when they reverse, based on the tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right  to  offset  current  tax  liabilities  and  assets,  and  they  relate  to  income taxes  levied  by  the  same  tax  authority  on  the  same  taxable  entity,  or  on different  taxable  entities  which  intend  either  to  settle  current  tax  liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realize the tax assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

Deferred  tax  assets  are  recognized  for  unused  tax  losses,  tax  credits and deductible temporary differences, to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they can be utilized. Measurement of deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date.

## Impairment

## Trade receivables and contract assets

Loss  allowance  is  recognized  in  profit  or  loss  and  measured  at  lifetime ECLs. ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Lifetime ECLs are the ECLs that result  from  all  possible  default  events  over  the expected life of a financial asset. The group considers a financial asset to be in default when the group is unlikely to receive its outstanding contractual amount in full, or the contractual payments are more than 90 days past due. When estimating ECLs, the group considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort, based on the group's historical experience including forward-looking information. The  loss  allowance  is  recognized  in  financial  items  to  the  extent  that impairment is caused by the insolvency of the customer.

The gross carrying amount of trade receivable is written off when the group

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

has  no  reasonable  expectations  of  recovering  a  trade  receivable  in  its entirety or a portion thereof. The group individually makes an assessment with respect to the timing and amount of write-off based on whether there is a reasonable expectation of recovery. Trade receivables that are written off could still be subject to enforcement activities in order to comply with the group's procedures for recovery of amounts due.

## Debt instruments measured at amortized cost or at FVOCI

Debt instruments measured at amortized cost or at FVOCI are considered to  be  'credit-impaired'  when  there  is  significant  financial  difficulty  of  the borrower or it is probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganization. The loss allowance is charged to profit and loss.

## Non-financial assets

The  carrying  amounts  of  the  group's  non-financial  assets  (other  than employee benefit assets, inventories and deferred tax assets) are reviewed at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period  to  determine  whether  there  is  any indication of impairment. If an indication of impairment exists, the asset's recoverable amount is estimated. Cash-generating units (CGU) containing goodwill, intangible assets with an indefinite useful life and intangible assets that are not yet available for use are tested for impairment annually.

The recoverable amount is the greater of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are  discounted  to  their  present  value  using  a  pre-tax  discount  rate  that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks  specific  to  the  asset.  For  an  asset  that  does  not  generate  largely independent cash inflows,  the  recoverable  amount  is  determined  for  the CGU to which the asset belongs.

An  impairment  loss  is  recognized  whenever  the  carrying  amount  of  an asset or a CGU exceeds its recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognized in the income statement.

An impairment loss recognized in respect of a CGU (or a group of CGUs) containing goodwill is allocated first to goodwill and then to the other assets in the CGU(s) on a pro rata basis.

An  impairment  loss  on  goodwill  is  not  reversed. An  impairment  loss  on other assets is reversed if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount, and the change can be objectively related  to  an  event  occurring  after  the  impairment  is  recognized.  An impairment  loss  is  reversed  only  to  the  extent  that  the  asset's  carrying amount  does  not  exceed  the  carrying  amount  that  would  have  been determined, net of depreciation or amortization, if no impairment loss had been recognized.

## Provisions

A  provision  is  recognized  when  the  group  has  a  present  obligation  as  a result of a past event that can be estimated reliably and it is probable that the group will be required to settle the obligation. If the effect is material, provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a market based pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and, where appropriate, the liability-specific risks. The unwinding of the discount is recognized as finance expense.

## Onerous contracts

Provision for onerous contracts is recognized when the expected benefits to be derived by the group from a contract are lower than the unavoidable costs of meeting the obligations under the contract. The provision is measured at the lower of the expected cost of terminating the contract and the expected net cost of continuing with the contract. Before a provision is recognized, the group recognizes any impairment loss on the assets associated with the contract.

## Leases

## As a lessee

## Right-of-use assets

The group recognizes right-of-use asset at the lease commencement date. The right-of-use  asset  is  initially  measured  at  cost,  which  comprises  the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any prepaid lease payments made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs. Subsequently, the right-of-use asset is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term. In addition, the  right-of-asset  is  subject  to  impairment  assessment  of  non-financial assets and adjusted for certain remeasurement of the lease liability.

## Lease liabilities

At  the  lease  commencement  date,  the  group  recognizes  lease  liability measured at the present value of the lease payments over the lease term, discounted using the group's incremental interest rate. Generally, the lease payments include fixed payments and variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate.

The  lease  liability  is  subsequently  increased  by  the  interest  cost  on  the lease  liability  and  decreased  by  lease  payment  made.  It  is  remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, or as appropriate, changes in the assessment of whether an extension option is reasonably certain to be exercised or a termination option is reasonably certain not to be exercised.

## Short term leases and leases of low-value assets

The group applies the recognition exemption to its leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option (short-term leases). The group also applies recognition exemption  to  leases  that  are  considered  of  low-value  assets,  mainly  IT equipment and office equipment. Lease payments associated with the short -term leases and leases of low -value assets are recognized as expenses on a straight -line basis over the lease term.

## Lease term

The group determines the lease term as the non-cancellable term of the lease, together with any periods covered by an option to extend the lease if  it  is  reasonably  certain  to  be  exercised,  or  any  period  covered  by  an option to terminate the lease if it is reasonably certain not to be exercised. The group applies judgment in evaluating whether it is reasonably certain to  exercise  extension  option,  considering  all  relevant  factors  that  create economic incentive to exercise the extension option.

## As a lessor

When the group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an operating lease.

To classify each lease, the group makes an overall assessment of whether the lease transfers substantially all of the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the underlying asset. If this is the case, then the lease is a finance lease; if not, then it is an operating lease. As part of this assessment, the group considers certain indicators such as whether the lease is for the major part of the economic life of the asset.

When the group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for its interests in the head lease and the sub-lease separately. It assesses the lease classification of a sub-lease with reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease, not with reference to the underlying asset.

The  group  recognizes  lease  payments  received  under  operating  leases as income on a straight line basis over the lease term as part of 'Lease revenue'.

## Property, plant and equipment

Property,  plant  and  equipment  are  measured  at  cost  less  accumulated depreciation  and  impairment  losses.  The  cost  of  self-constructed  assets includes the cost of materials, direct labour, borrowing costs on qualifying assets, production overheads and the estimated costs of dismantling and removing the assets and restoring the site on which they are located.

If  the  components of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for as separate components.

## Subsequent costs

The group capitalizes the cost of a replacement part or a component of property, plant and equipment when that cost is incurred if it is probable that the future economic benefits embodied with the item will flow to the group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other costs are expensed as incurred.

## Depreciation

Depreciation  is  normally  recognized  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment.

## Intangible assets

## Goodwill

Goodwill  that  arises  from  the  acquisition  of  subsidiaries  is  presented  as intangible asset. For the measurement of goodwill at initial recognition, see Business combinations.

Goodwill  is  measured  at  cost  less  accumulated  impairment  losses.  In respect of equity-accounted investees, the carrying amount of goodwill is included in the carrying amount of the investment, and any impairment loss is allocated to the carrying amount of the equity-accounted investee as a whole.

When the group disposes of an operation within a CGU or group of CGUs to which goodwill has been allocated, a portion of the goodwill is included in the carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on disposal. The portion of the goodwill allocated is measured based on the relative values of the operation disposed of and the portion of the CGU retained at the date of partial disposal, unless it can be demonstrated that another method better reflects the goodwill associated with the operation

<!-- image -->

disposed of. The same principle is used for allocation of goodwill when the group reorganizes its businesses.

## Research and development

Expenditures  on  research  activities  undertaken  with  the  prospect  of obtaining  new  scientific  or  technical  knowledge  and  understanding  is recognized in the income statement as incurred.

Development activities involve a plan or design for the production of new or substantially improved products or processes. Development expenditure is capitalized only if development costs can be measured reliably, the product or  process  is  technically  and  commercially  feasible,  future  economic benefits are probable and the group intends to and has sufficient resources to  complete  development  and  to  use  or  sell  the  asset.  The  capitalized expenditure includes cost of materials, direct labour overhead costs that are  directly  attributable  to  preparing  the  asset  for  it  intended  use  and capitalized interest on qualifying assets. Other development expenditures are recognized in the income statement as an expense as incurred.

Capitalized development expenditure is measured at cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses.

## Other intangible assets

Acquired  intangible assets  are  measured  at  cost  less  accumulated amortization and impairment losses.

## Subsequent expenditures

Subsequent expenditures on intangible assets are capitalized only when they increase the future economic benefits embodied in the specific asset to which they relate. All other expenditures are expensed as incurred.

## Amortization

Amortization is recognized in the income statement on a straight-line basis over  the  estimated  useful  lives  of  intangible  assets  unless  such  useful lives are indefinite. Intangible assets are amortized from the date they are available for use.

## Employee benefits

## Defined contribution plans

Obligations  for  contributions  to  defined  contribution  pension  plans  are recognized as an expense in the income statement as incurred.

## Defined benefit plans

The group's net obligation in respect of defined benefit pension plans is calculated  separately  for  each  plan  by  estimating  the  amount  of  future benefit  that  employees  have  earned  in  the  current  and  prior  periods; discounting that amount and deducting the fair value of any plan assets.

The calculation of defined benefit obligations is performed annually by a qualified  actuary  using  the  projected  unit  credit  method.  The  discount rate is the yield at the reporting date on government bonds or high-quality corporate bonds with maturities consistent with the terms of the obligations.

Remeasurement  of  the  net  defined  benefit  liability,  which  comprises actuarial gains and losses, the return on plan assets (excluding interest) and the effect of the asset ceiling (if any, excluding interest), are recognized

<!-- image -->

immediately in other comprehensive income. The group determines the net interest expense (income) on the net defined benefit liability (asset) for the period by applying the discount rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation  at  the  beginning  of  the  annual  period  to  the  then-net  defined benefit liability (asset), taking into account any changes in the net defined benefit  liability  (asset)  during  the  period  as  a  result  of  contributions  and benefit  payments.  Net  interest  expense  and  other  expenses  related  to defined benefit plans are recognized in the income statement.

When the benefits of a plan are changed or when a plan is curtailed, the resulting change in benefit that relates to past service or the gain or loss on curtailment is recognized immediately in the income statement. The group recognizes gains and losses on the settlement of a defined benefit plan when the settlement occurs.

## Fair value measurement

When available, the group measures the fair value of a financial instrument using the quoted price in an active market for that instrument. If there is no quoted price in an active market, then the group uses valuation techniques that maximize the use of relevant observable inputs and minimize the use of  unobservable  inputs.  The  chosen  valuation  technique  incorporates  all of the factors that market participants would take into account in pricing a transaction.

The  best  evidence  of  the  fair  value  of  a  financial  instrument  on  initial recognition is normally the transaction price. If the group determines that the  fair  value  on  initial  recognition  differs  from  the  transaction  price  and the fair value is evidenced neither by a quoted price in an active market for  an  identical  asset  or  liability  nor  based  on  a  valuation  technique  that uses only data from observable markets, the financial instrument is initially measured at fair value, and the difference between the fair value on initial recognition and the transaction price is recognized as a deferred gain or loss. Subsequently, the deferred gain or loss is recognized in profit or loss on an appropriate basis over the life of the instrument.

## Note 4 | Significant accounting estimates and judgements

Estimates  and  judgements  are  continually  reviewed  and  are  based  on historical  experiences  and  expectations  of  future  events.  The  resulting accounting  estimates  will,  by  definition,  seldom  accurately  match  actual results,  but  are  based  on  the  best  estimate  at  the  time.  Estimates  and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing material adjustments to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below.

## Fair value measurement

The  group  has  invested  in  significant  financial  assets  that  require  the measurement of fair value. If there is no quoted price in an active market, then  the  group  uses  valuation  techniques  that  maximize  the  use  of relevant observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The chosen valuation technique incorporates all of the factors that market participants would take into account in pricing a transaction. The fair value measurement  requires  a  high  degree  of  judgment.  Judgements  include considerations  of  inputs  such  as  cash  flow  projection,  discount  rate  and volatility. Further information about the fair value measurement using level

3 inputs is included in Note 30 Financial Instruments.

## Impairment of financial assets

The  group  has  invested  in  significant  debt  instruments  measured  at  fair value  through  other  comprehensive  income  (FVOCI). The  impairment  of these financial assets are subject to expected credit loss. The loss allowance is recognized in profit and loss and reduces the fair value loss otherwise recognized in OCI. The loss allowance is based on assumptions of expected cash flows from the debt instruments. When making these assumptions, the group uses judgements selecting the similar inputs as used in the fair value measurement since the valuation model also considers the present value of expected cash flows from such investments. Key assumptions include the expected disposal value of the investments and discount factor.

## Deferred and contingent considerations

Deferred and contingent considerations resulting from business combinations and disposals are measured at fair value at transaction date. When a deferred and contingent  consideration  meets  the  definition  of  a financial asset or liability, it is subsequently remeasured at fair value at the reporting date. The determination of fair value is based on discounted cash flows. Key assumptions made by the management include the probability of meeting each performance target and the discount factor.

## Income taxes

The group is subject to income taxes in numerous jurisdictions. Significant judgement  is  required  to  determine  the  worldwide  provision  for  income taxes. There are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax  determination  is  uncertain  during  the  ordinary  course  of  business. Provisions  for  anticipated  tax  audit  issues  are  based  on  estimates  of eventual additional taxes.

Valuation of deferred tax assets is dependent on management's assessment of future recoverability of the deferred tax benefit. Expected recoverability may  result  from  expected  taxable  income  in  the  near  future,  planned transactions or planned tax optimizing measures. Economic conditions may change and lead to a different conclusion regarding recoverability, and such change may affect the results for each future reporting period.

Tax authorities in different jurisdictions may challenge calculation of income taxes  from  prior  periods.  Such  processes  may  lead  to  changes  to  prior periods' taxable income, resulting in changes to income tax expense. When tax authorities challenge income tax calculations, management is required to make estimates of the probability and amount of possible tax adjustments. Such  estimates  may  change  as  additional  information  becomes  known. Further details about income taxes are included in Note 12 Income tax.

## Pension benefits

The present value of the pension obligations depends on a number of factors determined  on  the  basis  of  actuarial  assumptions.  These  assumptions include financial factors such as the discount rate, expected salary growth, inflation and return on assets as well as demographical factors concerning mortality, employee turnover, disability and early retirement. Assumptions about all these factors are based on the situation at the time the assessment is made. However, it is reasonably certain that such factors will change over the very long periods for which pension calculations are made. Any changes in  these  assumptions  will  affect  the  calculated  pension  obligations  with

immediate recognition in other comprehensive income. Further information about the pension obligations and the assumptions used are included in Note 25 Employee benefits - pension.

## Lease terms

Some  of  the  property  leases,  in  which  the  group  is  a  lessee,  contain extension  or  termination  options  exercisable  before  the  end  of  the  noncancellable period. These options are used to provide operational flexibility for the group. In determining the lease term, the group considers all facts and  circumstances  that  create  an  economic  incentive  to  exercise  an extension option, or not exercise a termination option. Extension options (or periods after termination options) are only included in the lease term if the lease is reasonably certain to be extended (or not terminated). The most relevant factors to be considered as 'creating economic incentive' include significant leasehold improvement, alternatives for the leased property and the costs and business disruption required to replace the leased assets. Most extension options in offices leases have not been included in the lease term, because the group expects to be able to replace the assets without significant cost or business disruption. Most of the early termination options are  not  considered  in  the  lease  term  either  as  the  group  assesses  it  as reasonably certain that the leases will not be terminated early.

The lease term assessment requires management's judgment and is made at the commencement of the leases. The lease term is reassessed if an option is actually exercised or the group becomes obliged to exercise it. The assessment of reasonable certainty is only revised if a significant event or a significant change in circumstances occurs, which affects this assessment, and that is within the group's control. Please see Note 31 Leases for more information about the leases where the group is a lessee.

## Legal disputes and contingent liabilities

Given the scope of the group's worldwide operations, group companies are  inevitably  involved  in  legal  disputes  in  the  course  of  their  business activities. In addition, as an investment company, Akastor and its portfolio companies from time to time engage in mergers, acquisitions and other transactions  that  could  expose  the  companies  to  financial  and  other non-operational  risks,  such  as  indemnity  claims  and  price  adjustment mechanisms resulting in recognition of deferred settlement obligations.

Provisions  have  been  made to cover the expected outcome of the legal claims and disputes to the extent negative outcomes are likely and reliable estimates can be made. However, the final outcomes of these cases are subject  to  uncertainties,  and  resulting  liabilities  may  exceed  provisions recognized. The group follows the development of these disputes on caseby-case basis and makes assessment based on all available evidence as at the reporting date.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Note 5 | Discontinued operations

## Discontinued operations MHWirth

On October 1, 2021, Akastor completed the transaction to bring together Akastor's  wholly  owned  subsidiary,  MHWirth  AS  (MHWirth)  and  Baker Hughes' Subsea Drilling Systems (SDS) business to create a joint venture company  HMH  Holding  B.V.  (HMH).  HMH  delivers  a  global  full-service offshore drilling equipment offering that provides customers with a broad portfolio of products and services.

HMH is owned 50/50 by Akastor and Baker Hughes. Akastor contributed its shares in MHWirth to HMH in return for 50% of the shares of HMH and USD 120 million in consideration, of which USD 100 million (before certain adjustments) was paid in cash at closing. Baker Hughes contributed the

## Results of discontinued operations

| Amounts in NOK million  2022  2021  Revenue  2 024  Expenses  (2 096)  Net financial items  (27)  Profit (loss) before tax  (99)  Income tax  3  Profit (loss) from operating activities, net of tax  (96)  Gain (loss) on sale of discontinued operations  4  1 236  Net profit (loss) from discontinued operations  4  1 140  Basic/diluted earnings (loss) per share from discontinued operations (NOK)  0.02  4.20   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Gain on sale of discontinued operations in 2022 was related to re-assessment of contingent considerations related to divestments from prior years. Gain on sale from the disposal in 2021 included gain of NOK 1 240 million for MHWirth divestment, offset by loss of NOK 4 million on divestments from previous years. The gain in 2021 included currency translation differences of NOK 362 million that were reclassified from Other Comprehensive Income to the income statement as part of gain from the disposal of MHWirth.

## Cash flows from (used in) discontinued operations

| Amounts in NOK million  2021  Net cash from operating activities  50  Net cash from investing activities (incl. net cash proceeds from sale of the operations)  592  Net cash from financing activities  (49)  Net cash flow from discontinued operations  593   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

SDS business to HMH in return for the other 50% of the shares and USD 200 million in consideration, of which USD 120 million was paid in cash at closing. HMH has issued shareholder notes to Akastor and Baker Hughes representing the balance of the consideration owed to them. The notes are subordinated  to  HMH's  external  debt  financing.  HMH  financed  the  cash consideration payable to Baker Hughes and Akastor by way of a USD 220 million bank facility.

Following the transaction, MHWirth was deconsolidated and classified as discontinued operations. HMH is classified as a joint venture to the group and accounted for using the equity method. See Note 17 Equity-accounted investees for more information.

## Note 6 | Disposal group held for sale and disposal of subsidiaries

## Disposal group held for sale

In December 2022, Akastor entered into a share purchase agreement with Diamond Key International Pty. Ltd. ('DKI') for the sale of all shares in Cool Sorption A/S ('Cool Sorption') for DKK 20.4 million on a cash and debt free basis. Cool Sorption is a specialist supplier of Vapour Recovery Units (VRU) and systems and is included in 'Other holdings' in segment reporting. Accordingly, Cool Sorption is presented as a disposal group held for sale as of December 31, 2022. The sale transaction was completed in February 2023.

## Assets and liabilities of disposal group held for sale

| Amounts in NOK million  2022  Deferred tax assets  6  Intangible assets  1  Trade and other receivables  35  Assets held for sale  43  Provision, current  1  Trade and other payables  31  Liabilities held for sale  32   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Disposal of entities

## Disposal of AGR Wind Services in 2022

In  February  2022, Akastor  completed  the  transaction  to  establish  a  joint venture company, Føn Engergy Services, together with IKM Group. Akastor transferred  the  shares  in  AGR  Wind  Services AS  ('AGR  Wind')  to  Føn Energy  Services.  As  compensation  for  the  transfer,  Akastor,  through  its subsidiary AGR AS, received 45% ownership in Føn Energy Services. The company offers integrated Operations and Maintenance (O&amp;M) solutions to  developers,  operators,  suppliers  and  owners  of  offshore  renewables infrastructure, and in particular offshore wind farms. Føn Energy Services is classified as a joint venture to the group and accounted for using the equity method.

The disposal of AGR Wind Services resulted in an accounting gain of NOK 21 million, included as Other revenue and income in the income statement for 2022.

## Disposal of AGR Well Management Limited (UK) in 2021

On December 22, 2021, Akastor completed the transfer of the shares in AGR  Well  Management  Limited  ('AGR  Well  Management'),  a  whollyowned subsidiary,  to  SpotOn  Energy  Holding AS  ('SpotOn  Energy'). As compensation  for  the  transfer,  Akastor,  through  its  subsidiary  AGR  AS, received 20% ownership in SpotOn Energy, which is expected to strengthen the cooperation between AGR and SpotOn Energy going forward. SpotOn Energy  is  accounted  as  an  associated  company  to  the  group.  The transaction resulted in an accounting loss of NOK 11 million, included as Other revenue and income in the income statement for 2021.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Note 7 | Operating segments

## Basis for segmentation

As of December 31, 2022, Akastor has three reportable segments which are the strategic business units of the group. The strategic business units are  managed  separately  and  offer  different  products  and  services  due to  different  market  segments  and  different  strategies  for  their  projects, products and services:

- Ÿ HMH is a premier drilling solutions provider, which was formed as an independent company in October 2021 through the merger of Baker Hughes' Subsea Drilling Systems business and Akastor's wholly owned subsidiary, MHWirth AS. HMH combines integrated delivery  capabilities,  capital,  renowned  industry  expertise  and delivers the full range of offshore drilling equipment products and packages at scale.
- Ÿ AKOFS Offshore is a global provider of vessel-based subsea well construction and intervention services to the oil and gas industry, covering  all  phases  from  conceptual  development  to  project execution and offshore operations.
- Ÿ AGR is  a  well  design  and  drilling  project  management,  HSEQ, reservoir  and  field  management  service  company  delivering solutions for the entire field life cycle. The company also provides rig procurement, tailored training, software and technical manpower for clients globally.

HMH and AKOFS Offshore are classified as joint ventures and accounted for using the equity method, see Note 17 Equity-accounted investees. The segment information of the two joint ventures are presented at 100% basis.

Further, Akastor holds 100 percent ownership in Cool Sorption (divested in February 2023), 100 percent in DDW Offshore AS, 15 percent economic interest  in  NES  Fircroft  and  93  percent  of  Aker  Pensjonskasse,  equity instruments in Awilco Drilling, as well as economic interests in four drilling equipment  contracts  with  Jurong  Shipyard  (DRU  contracts).  These  are included in 'Other holdings'.

## Measurement of segment performance

Segment performance is measured by operating profit before depreciation, amortization and impairment (EBITDA) which is reviewed by the group's Executive  Management  Group  (the  chief  operating  decision  maker). Segment profit, together with key financial information as described below, gives the Executive Management Group relevant information in evaluating the results of the operating segments and is relevant in evaluating the results of the segments relative to other entities operating within these industries.

## Information about reportable segments

<!-- image -->

| Equity-accounted  investees  Consolidated  entities  Amounts in NOK million  Note  HMH (JV)  AKOFS Off-  shore (JV)  AGR  Other  holdings  Total  operating  segments  Adjustment  of JVs and  elimination  Total  Akastor  2022  Income statement  External revenue and other  income  8  6 477  1 425  789  269  8 961  (7 902)  1 059  Total revenue and other income  6 477  1 425  789  269  8 961  (7 902)  1 059  Operating profit before  depreciation, amortization and  impairment (EBITDA)  762  458  81  (91)  1 209  (1 220)  (10)  Depreciation and amortization  14, 15, 31  (457)  (376)  (14)  (31)  (878)  833  (45)  Impairment  -  -  -  (20)  (20)  -  (20)  Operating profit (loss) (EBIT)  306  81  66  (142)  311  (387)  (76)  Assets  Current operating assets  4 725  578  167  779  6 249  (5 312)  937  Non-current operating assets  7 158  4 517  253  1 088  13 016  (8 197)  4 819  Finance lease receivables  31  -  -  -  218  218  -  218  Assets held for sale  6  -  -  -  43  43  -  43  Segment assets  11 883  5 095  419  2 130  19 527  (13 510)  6 017  Liabilities  Current operating liabilities  3 235  393  148  555  4 331  (3 637)  693  Non-current operating liabilities  452  6  13  549  1 020  (458)  562  Lease liabilities  31  344  1 245  13  72  1 675  (1 590)  85  Liabilities held for sale  6  -  -  -  32  32  -  32  Segment liabilities  4 032  1 644  173  1 208  7 058  (5 685)  1 372  Net current operating assets  1 490  185  19  224  1 918  (1 675)  243  Net capital employed  7 852  3 451  246  921  12 469  (7 824)  4 645   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| Equity-accounted  investees  Consolidated  entities  Amounts in NOK million  Note  HMH (JV)  1)  AKOFS Off-  shore (JV)  AGR  Other  holdings  Total  operating  segments  Adjustment  of JVs and  elimination  Total  Akastor  2021  Income statement  External revenue and other  income  8  1 419  1 269  723  230  3 641  (2 688)  953  Inter-segment revenue  -  -  -  2  2  (2)  -  Total revenue and other income  1 419  1 269  723  232  3 643  (2 690)  953  Operating profit before  depreciation, amortization and  impairment (EBITDA)  215  320  33  (32)  534  (534 )  -  Depreciation and amortization  14, 15, 31  (116)  (365)  (16)  (59)  (556)  481  (76)  Impairment  -  (88)  (7)  -  (95)  88  (7)  Operating profit (loss) (EBIT)  99  (134)  9  (92)  (117)  35  (82)  Assets  Current operating assets  3 701  610  149  736  5 195  (4 318)  877  Non-current operating assets  6 736  4 249  228  2 045  13 257  (7 576)  5 681  Finance lease receivables  31  -  -  -  241  241  -  241  Segment assets  10 436  4 859  376  3 021  18 693  (11 894)  6 799  Liabilities  Current operating liabilities  2 655  387  158  496  3 696  (3 049)  647  Non-current operating liabilities  582  7  13  901  1 503  (589)  914  Lease liabilities  31  381  1 163  13  142  1 699  (1 544)  155  Segment liabilities  3 619  1 556  184  1 539  6 898  (5 182)  1 716  Net current operating assets  1 045  224  (9)  239  1 499  (1 269)  231  Net capital employed  6 817  3 303  192  1 483  11 796  (6 712)  5 084   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) HMH was established as a joint venture to Akastor as of October 1, 2021.The income statement information is presented at 100% basis for the period October 1- December 31, 2021. Segment assets and liabilities refer to financial positions in HMH at 100% basis as of December 31, 2021.

## Reconciliations of information on reportable segments to IFRS measures

| Amounts in NOK million  Note  2022  2021  Assets  Total segment assets  6 017  6 799  Derivative financial instruments  -  10  Cash and cash equivalents  21  119  89  Non-current interest-bearing receivables  19  668  315  Consolidated assets  6 804  7 212  Liabilities  Total segment liabilities  1 372  1 716  Current borrowings  23  1 142  16  Non-current borrowings  23  198  1 372  Consolidated liabilities  2 712  3 103   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Geographical information

Geographical revenue is presented on the basis of geographical location of the group companies selling to the customers. Non-current segment assets and capital expenditures are based on the geographical location of the assets.

| Revenue and other income  Non-current assets exclud-  ing deferred tax assets and  financial instruments  Amounts in NOK million  2022  2021  2022  2021  Norway  779  663  1 036  1 180  Netherlands  -  -  2 886  2 650  United Kingdom  91  128  3  3  Denmark  82  79  -  1  Australia  104  75  12  9  Other countries  2  8  -  3  Total  1 059  953  3 913  3 847   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Major customer

Revenues from one customer of AGR represent approximately NOK 154 million (NOK 150 million in 2021) of the group's total revenue.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Note 8 | Revenue and other income

## Revenue types

The group generates revenue primarily from provision of consultancy and engineering services to its customers in AGR, a supplier of well-, reservoir- and software services to the offshore drilling industry. Other sources of revenue are mainly lease revenue from charter lease of vessels in DDW Offshore.

| Amounts in NOK million  Note  2022  2021  Revenue from contracts with customers  880  834  Other revenue and income  Lease revenue  31  155  76  Other revenue  1  3  Gain (loss) on disposal of subsidiaries  21  (11)  Gain on disposals of assets  2  51  Total revenue and other income  1 059  953   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

Revenue from contracts with customer is disaggregated in the following table by major contract and revenue types and timing of revenue recognition. The table also includes a reconciliation of the disaggregated revenue with revenue information as shown in Note 7 Operating segments.

| Amounts in NOK million  AGR  Other  holdings  Total  Akastor  2022  Major contract/revenue types  Construction revenue  -  48  48  Sale of standard products  17  -  17  Service revenue  751  63  814  Total Revenue from contracts with customers  768  111  880  Timing of revenue recognition  Transferred over time  751  111  862  Transferred at point in time  17  -  17  Total Revenue from contracts with customers  768  111  880  Other revenue and income  21  158  179  Total external revenue and other income in segment reporting  789  269  1 059   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| Amounts in NOK million  AGR  Other  holdings  Total  Akastor  2021  Major contract/revenue types  Construction revenue  -  47  47  Sale of standard products  16  -  16  Service revenue  718  53  771  Total Revenue from contracts with customers  734  100  834  Timing of revenue recognition  Transferred over time  718  100  818  Transferred at point in time  16  -  16  Total Revenue from contracts with customers  734  100  834  Other revenue and income  (11)  130  120  Total external revenue and other income in segment reporting  723  230  953   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Contract balances

| Amounts in NOK million  Note  2022  2021  Receivables, which are included in 'trade and other receivables'  115  117  Contract assets  20  61  47  Contract liabilities  27  25  21   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Contract assets relate to the group's rights to consideration for work completed, but not yet invoiced at the reporting date. The contract assets are transferred to receivables when the rights to payment become unconditional, which usually occurs when invoices are issued to the customers. No impairment on contract assets was recognized in 2022 or 2021.

Contract liabilities relate to advance consideration received from customer for work not yet performed. Revenue recognized in 2022 that was included in contract liabilities in the beginning of the year was NOK 14 million (NOK 11 million in 2021).

## Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations

The following table includes revenue expected to be recognized in the future related to performance obligations that are unsatisfied (or partially satisfied) as of December 31, 2022.

| Amounts in NOK million  2023  Later  Total  Transaction price allocated  599  53  652   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The amounts disclosed above do not include variable consideration which is constrained. The group applies the practical expedient and does not  adjust the transaction price allocated to performance obligations for the effects of a significant financing component if the group expects, at contract inception, that the period between when the group transfers a promised good or service to a customer and when the customer pays for that good or service will be one year or less.

<!-- image -->

## Note 9 | Salaries, wages and social security costs

| Amounts in NOK million  Note  2022  2021  Salaries and wages including holiday allowance  298  299  Social security tax/ national insurance contribution  43  43  Pension cost  25  12  11  Other employee costs  15  13  Salaries, wages and social security costs  366  367   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 10 | Other operating expenses

| Amounts in NOK million  2022  2021  External consultants and hired-ins inclusive audit fees  79  55  Rental and other costs for premises and equipment  8  7  Office supplies and travel expenses  17  8  Other  6  9  Total other operating expenses  109  78   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Fees to the auditors

The table below summarizes audit fees (exclusive VAT), as well as fees for audit related services, tax services and other services incurred by the group during 2022 and 2021.

| Akastor ASA  Subsidiaries  Total  Amounts in NOK million  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  Audit  1  2  1  2  3  4  Other assurance services  -  -  -  1  -  1  Total  1  2  2  3  3  5   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 11 | Finance income and costs

| Amounts in NOK million  Note  2022  2021  Interest income on bank deposits measured at amortized cost  35  17  Interest income on debt instruments at FVOCI  103  89  Interest income on finance lease receivables  31  21  12  Net foreign exchange gain  166  55  Dividend income from equity instrument  79  74  Net changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL  58  11  Liquidation of foreign entity  1)  -  110  Other finance income  27  2  Finance income  490  369  Interest expense on financial liabilities measured at amortized cost  (140)  (112)  Unwind of discounting effect  (24)  (24)  Interest expense on lease liabilities  31  (6)  (9)  Impairment loss on receivables  2)  (166)  -  Loss on foreign currency forward contracts  (58)  (17)  Other financial expenses  (16)  (12)  Financial expenses  (410)  (175)  Net finance income  80  194   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Relates to currency translation differences that were reclassified from Other Comprehensive Income to the income statement as result of liquidation.

2) Impairment related to loss allowance on debt instruments measured at FVOCI.

See Note 30 Financial instruments for information of the finance income and expense generating items.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Note 12 | Income tax

## Income tax expense

| Amounts in NOK million  2022  2021  Current tax expense  Current year  (3)  (1)  Total current tax expense  (3)  (1)  Deferred tax expense  Origination and reversal of temporary differences  (13)  25  Write down of tax loss and deferred tax assets  (22)  (30)  Recognition of previously unrecognized deferred tax assets  37  26  Total deferred tax income (expense)  2  21  Total tax income (expense)  (2)  20   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Effective tax rate

The table below reconciles the reported income tax expense to the expected income tax expense according to the corporate income tax rate in Norway.

| Amounts in NOK million  2022  2021  Profit (loss) before tax, continuing operations  (259)  (235)  Tax income (expense) using the company's domestic tax rate  57  22.0%  52  22.0%  Tax effects of:  Difference between local tax rate and Norwegian tax rate  (1)  (0.4%)  -  -  Permanent differences  1)  (74)  (28.6%)  (32)  (13.5%)  Prior year adjustments (deferred tax)  1  0.5%  4  1.8%  Recognition of previously unrecognized deferred tax assets  2)  37  14.5%  26  11.1%  Write down of tax loss or deferred tax assets  3)  (22)  (8.6%)  (30)  (12.7%)  Total tax income (expenses)  (2)  (0.7%)  20  8.5%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Relates mainly to net profit and loss after tax from equity-accounted investees and profit and loss recognized on various tax-exempted investments.

2) Relates mainly to previously not recognized tax loss carry-forward in Norway.

3) The impairment relates mainly to deferred tax assets in Akastor Corporate entities in Norway.

## Recognized deferred tax assets and liabilities

| Assets  Liabilities  Net  Amounts in NOK million  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  PPE and Intangible assets  5  2  (1)  (1)  4  1  Pensions  2  2  -  -  2  2  Provisions  2  1  -  -  2  1  Other items  9  6  (19)  (9)  (10)  (3)  Tax loss carry-forwards  36  37  -  -  36  37  Total before set offs  53  48  (20)  (10)  33  38  Set-off of tax  (16)  (5)  16  5  -  -  Total deferred tax assets(liabilities)  37  42  (4)  (4)  33  38   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The group has made an evaluation of taxable profit for the next five years based on management's projection. Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available, against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilized.

## Change in net recognized deferred tax assets (liabilities)

| Amounts in NOK million  PPE and  intangible  assets  Projects  under  construc-  tion  Pensions  Provi-  sions  Other  items  Tax loss  carry-for-  wards  Total  Balance as of December 31, 2020  30  (50)  65  28  204  43  320  Disposal of subsidiaries as of January 1, 2021  (29)  51  (57)  (26)  (207)  (27)  (294)  Recognized in profit and loss  -  -  -  (1)  -  22  21  Recognized in other comprehensive income  -  -  (6)  -  -  -  (6)  Currency translation differences  -  (2)  (1)  -  -  (1)  (3)  Balance as of December 31, 2021  -  -  2  1  (3)  37  38  Recognized in profit and loss  3  -  -  1  (10)  7  2  Classified as held for sale  -  -  -  -  3  (9)  (6)  Balance as of December 31, 2022  4  -  2  2  (10)  36  33   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Tax loss carry-forwards and deductible temporary differences for which no deferred tax assets are recognized

Deferred tax assets have not been recognized in respect of tax loss carry-forwards or deductible temporary differences when the group evaluates that it is not probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the group can utilize these benefits based on forecasts and realistic expectations.

## Expiry date of unrecognized tax loss carry-forwards

| Amounts in NOK million  2022  2021  Expiry within one year  14  -  Expiry in more than one year or later  375  350  Indefinite  1 350  1 772  Total  1 739  2 121   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Unrecognized other deductible temporary differences are NOK 1 169 million in 2022 (NOK 1 022 million in 2021).

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Note 13 | Earnings per share

Akastor ASA holds 1 985 164 treasury shares at year end 2022 (2 390 215 in 2021). Treasury shares are not included in the weighted average number of ordinary shares.

| Amounts in NOK million  2022  2021  Profit (loss) from continuing operations  (261)  (215)  Non-controlling interests  (19)  (6)  Profit (loss) attributable to ordinary shares from continuing operations  (280)  (221)  Profit (loss) from discontinued operations  4  1 140  Profit (loss) attributable to ordinary shares  (276)  919   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Basic/ diluted earnings per share

The calculation of basic/diluted earnings per share is based on the profit (loss) attributable to ordinary shareholders and a weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding.

| 2022  2021  Issued ordinary shares as of January 1  274 000 000  274 000 000  Weighted average number of issued ordinary shares for the year adjusted for treasury shares  271 002 629  271 609 785  Basic/ diluted earnings (loss) per share (NOK)  (1.01)  3.38  Basic/ diluted earnings (loss) per share for continuing operations (NOK)  (1.03)  (0.81)  Basic/ diluted earnings (loss) per share for discontinued operations (NOK)  0.02  4.20   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 14 | Property, plant and equipment

The table below includes discontinued operations until these met the criteria to be classified as held for sale.

| Amounts in NOK million  Note  Buildings  and land  Vessels  Machinery,  equipment,  software  Under  construction  Total  Historical cost  Balance as of January 1, 2021  671  366  1 343  4  2 384  Additions  -  65  11  3  79  Reclassifications  -  -  10  -  10  Transfer from assets under construction  -  -  1  (1)  -  Disposals and scrapping  -  (156)  (8)  -  (164)  Disposal of subsidiaries  (654)  -  (1 248)  (6)  (1 908)  Currency translation differences  (17)  8  (7)  (1)  (17)  Balance as of December 31, 2021  -  282  101  -  384  Additions  -  (2)  1  -  (1)  Disposals and scrapping  -  -  -  -  -  Reclassification to held for sale  6  -  -  (9)  -  (9)  Currency translation differences  -  35  -  -  35  Balance as of December 31, 2022  -  315  93  -  408  Accumulated depreciation  Balance as of January 1, 2021  (310)  (7)  (1 051)  -  (1 368)  Depreciation for the year  1)  (2)  (30)  (13)  -  (46)  Disposals and scrapping  -  -  7  -  7  Disposal of subsidiaries  305  -  957  -  1 262  Currency translation differences  7  (1)  6  -  12  Balance as of December 31, 2021  -  (38)  (94)  -  (133)  Depreciation for the year  -  (18)  (3)  -  (21)  Impairment  -  (21)  -  -  (21)  Reclassifications to held for sale  6  -  -  9  -  9  Currency translation differences  -  (6)  -  -  (6)  Balance as of December 31, 2022  -  (83)  (88)  -  (171)  Book value as of December 31, 2021  -  244  7  -  251  Book value as of December 31, 2022  -  232  5  -  237   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Includes depreciation of NOK 12 million from discontinued operations in 2021

## Depreciation

Estimates for useful life, depreciation method and residual values are reviewed annually. The group has not identified material assets expected to have a significant shorter useful life due to climate-related risks. Assets are mainly depreciated on a straight-line basis over their expected economic lives as follows:

| Machinery, equipment and software Vessels  3-15 years  20-25 years   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Note 15 | Intangible assets and goodwill

| Amounts in NOK million  Note  Development  costs  Goodwill  Other  Total  Historical cost  Balance as of 1 January 2021  583  1 392  270  2 246  Reclassification  (10)  -  -  (10)  Capitalized development  24  -  1  24  Adjustment from business combina-tions prior years  -  (1)  -  (1)  Disposals of subsidiaries  (544)  (1 263)  (244)  (2 051)  Currency translation differences  (4)  (10)  (3)  (16)  Balance as of December 31, 2021  50  118  24  192  Reclassification  1  -  -  1  Capitalized development  9  -  -  9  Reclassification to held for sale  6  (14)  -  -  (14)  Currency translation differences  -  1  -  1  Balance as of December 31, 2022  47  119  24  190  Accumulated amortization and impairment  Balance as of 1 January 2021  (411)  (86)  (154)  (651)  Amortization for the year  1)  (10)  -  (6)  (16)  Impairment  2)  -  (69)  (86)  (155)  Disposal of subsidiaries  390  146  233  770  Currency translation differences  3  (1)  3  5  Balance as of December 31, 2021  (28)  (10)  (9)  (47)  Amortization for the year  (6)  -  (3)  (10)  Reclassification to held for sale  13  -  -  13  Balance as of December 31, 2022  (22)  (10)  (13)  (44)  Net book value as of 31 December 2021  22  109  15  145  Net book value as of 31 December 2022  25  109  11  146   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Includes amortization of NOK 6 million from discontinued operations in 2021

2) Includes impairment of NOK 149 million from discontinued operations in 2021

## Research and development costs

NOK 9 million has been capitalized in 2022 (NOK  24 million in 2021) related to development activities. No research and development costs were expensed during the year (NOK 1 million in 2021).

## Amortization

Intangible assets all have finite useful lives and are amortized over the expected economic life, ranging between 5-10 years.

## Note 16 | Impairment testing of goodwill

Goodwill originates from acquisitions. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill has been allocated to the group's cash-generating units (portfolio companies) as shown in the table below, which represents the lowest level at which goodwill is monitored in management reporting.

| Amounts in NOK million  2022  2021  AGR  109  109  Total goodwill  109  109   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Impairment testing for cash-generating units containing significant goodwill

The  recoverable  amounts  of  cash-generating  units  (portfolio  companies) are determined based on value-in-use calculations. Discounted cash flow models are applied to determine the value in use for the portfolio companies with  goodwill.  The  management  has  made  cash  flow  projections  based on budget and strategic forecast for the periods 2023-2027.  Beyond the explicit forecast period of five years, the cash flows are extrapolated using a constant growth rate.

Key  assumptions  used  in  the  calculation  of  value  in  use  are  discussed below. The values assigned to the key assumptions represent management's assessment of future trends in the relevant industries as well as management's expectations regarding margin, and have been based on historical data from both external and internal sources.

EBITDA used  in  the  value-in-use  calculations  represents  the  operating earnings  before  depreciation  and  amortization  and  is  estimated  based on  the  expected  future  performance  of  the  existing  businesses  in  their main  markets.  Assumptions  are  made  regarding  revenue  growth,  gross margins  and  other  cost  components  based  on  historical  experience  as well as assessment of future market development and conditions. These assumptions  require  a  high  degree  of  judgement,  given  the  significant degree  of  uncertainty  regarding  oilfield  service  activities  in  the  forecast period.

Terminal value growth rate The group uses a constant growth rate not exceeding 2% (including inflation) for periods beyond the management's forecast  period  of  five  years.  The  growth  rates  used  do  not  exceed  the growth rates for the industry in which the portfolio company operates.

Discount rates are estimated based on Weighted Average Cost of Capital (WACC)  for  the  industry  in  which  the  portfolio  company  operates.    The risk-free interest rates used in the discount rates are based on the 10 year state treasury bond rate at the time of the impairment testing. Optimal debt leverage is estimated for each portfolio company. The discount rates are further adjusted to reflect any additional short to medium term market risk considering current industry conditions.

| Discount rate after tax  Discount rate pre tax  Discount rate assumptions used in impairment testing  2022  2021  2022  2021  AGR  15.0%  13.0%  18.4%  16.3%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Sensitivity to changes in assumptions

For the portfolio companies containing goodwill, the recoverable amounts are higher than the carrying amounts based on the value in use analysis and consequently no impairment loss of goodwill was recognized in 2022 or 2021.

The group has performed sensitivity calculations to identify any reasonably possible change in key assumptions that could cause the carrying amount to exceed the recoverable amount. In AGR, if the average revenue growth in the forecast period were reduced by more than 10%, or if the average EBITDA margin in the forecast period were reduced by more than 2%, the estimated recoverable amount would be lower than the carrying amount and it would result in impairment in AGR.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Note 17 | Equity-accounted investees

Equity-accounted investees include joint ventures that are accounted for using the equity method. Such investments are defined as related parties to Akastor. See Note 33 Related parties for significant agreements and transactions with joint ventures and any guarantees provided on behalf of or from such entities.

| Amounts in NOK million  HMH  AKOFS Offshore  Føn Energy  Services  Total  equity-  accounted  investees  Country  Netherlands  Norway  Norway  Ownership and voting rights  50%  50%  45%  Balance as of January 1, 2022  2 650  759  -  3 408  Acquisitions  -  -  26  26  Share of net profit (loss)  (82)  (179)  (2)  (263)  Share of other comprehensive income  (25)  (51)  -  (76)  Currency translation differences  321  86  -  407  Balance as of December 31, 2022  2 863  615  24  3 502   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## HMH

On October 1, 2021, Akastor completed the transaction to bring together Akastor's  wholly  owned  subsidiary,  MHWirth  AS  (MHWirth)  and  Baker Hughes' Subsea Drilling Systems (SDS) business to create a joint venture company HMH Holding B.V. (HMH). Following the transaction, Akastor and Baker Hughes each holds 50% of the shares in HMH, and have joint control over the company. See Note 5 Discontinued operations for more information about the transaction. HMH is a provider of drilling systems, equipment and aftermarket services.

## AKOFS Offshore

AKOFS Offshore is  a  joint  venture  where Akastor,  MITSUI  &amp;  CO.,  Ltd. ("Mitsui") and Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. ("MOL") hold 50%, 25% and 25% of the shares respectively, and have joint control over the company. The company is a subsea well installation and intervention services provider.

## Føn Energy Services

In February 2022, Akastor, through its subsidiary AGR AS, completed the transaction to establish a joint venture company, Føn Engergy Services, together with IKM Group. Following the transaction, Akastor and IKM each holds 45% of the shares in Føn Energy Services, and have joint control over the company. See Note 6 for more information about the transaction. The  company  offers  integrated  Operations  and  Maintenance  (O&amp;M) solutions  to  developers,  operators,  suppliers  and  owners  of  offshore renewables infrastructure, and in particular offshore wind farms.

## Summary of financial information for significant equity-accounted investee (100 percent basis)

| HMH  1)  AKOFS  Amounts in NOK million  2022  2021  2022  2021  Current assets  5 645  6 265  888  951  - Cash and cash equivalents  468  817  310  337  Non-current assets  7 193  6 906  4 517  4 249  Current liabilities  (3 770)  (4 092)  (1 844)  (1 536)  - Current financial liabilities (excluding trade and other payables and provisions)  (476)  (1 384)  (1 451)  (1 149)  Non-current liabilities  (3 341)  (3 781)  (2 331)  (2 146)  - Non-current financial liabilities (excluding trade and other payables and provisions)  (2 889)  (3 199)  (2 325)  (2 140)  Net assets (100%)  5 726  5 299  1 230  1 517  Akastor's share of net assets (50%)  2 863  2 650  615  759  Akastor's carrying amount of the investment  2 863  2 650  615  759  Revenue  6 477  1 419  1 425  1 269  Depreciation, amortization and impairment  (457)  (116)  (376)  (453)  Interest income  -  -  5  -  Interest expense  (364)  (57)  (302)  (269)  Income tax expense  (78)  (23)  (6)  (65)  Profit (loss) for the year  (164)  12  (358)  (516)  Other comprehensive income (loss)  (50)  -  (102)  (15)  Total comprehensive income (loss) (100%)  (215)  12  (459)  (531)  Total comprehensive income (loss) (50%)  (107)  6  (230)  (266)  Impairment of goodwill  2)  -  -  -  (124)  Elimination of unrealized gain on downstream sales  -  -  -  30  Akastor's share of total comprehensive income (loss)  (107)  6  (230)  (360)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Income statement information for HMH in 2021 was related to the period between October 1 - December 31, 2021 after the formation of the company.

2) Goodwill in AKOFS Offshore was impaired in 2021 as a result of reassessment of valuation of the vessels in AKOFS Offshore.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Note 18 | Other investments

| Amounts in NOK million  Note  2022  2021  NES Fircroft investment  636  621  Aker Pensjonskasse  33  158  158  Awilco Drilling investment  10  10  Odfjell Drilling warrants  34  807  Other equity securities  31  29  Total other investments  30  869  1 625  Shares in Step Oiltools B.V.  162  147  Total current investments  30  162  147   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NES Fircroft

Akastor holds around 15% economic ownership interest in NES Fircroft, a  global  technical  and  engineering  staffing  provider.  The  investment, consisting  mainly  of  debt  instruments,  is  measured  at  fair  value.  See Note  30  Financial  instruments  for  more  information  about  the  fair  value measurement of debt instruments in NES Fircroft.

## Aker Pensjonskasse

Aker  Pensjonskasse  was  established  by  Aker  ASA  to  manage  the retirement  plan  for  employees  and  retirees  in Akastor  as  well  as  related Aker companies. Akastor holds 93.4 percent of the paid-in capital in Aker Pensjonskasse. The ownership does not constitute control since Akastor does not have the power to govern the financial and operating policies so as to obtain benefits from the activities in this entity.

## Awilco Drilling

Akastor holds 6.8% of the common shares in Awilco Drilling, which is listed on the Oslo Euronext Growth.

## Note 19 | Non-current interest-bearing receivables

| Amounts in NOK million  Note  2022  2021  Receivables from AKOFS Offshore  226  113  Receivables from HMH  218  180  Seller's credit to Odfjell Drilling  200  -  Receivables from Aker Pensjonskasse  22  22  Receivable from Føn Energy Services  2  -  Total non- current interest-bearing receivables  668  315   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In November 2022, Akastor sold the preference shares in Odfjell Drilling for a total consideration of USD 95.2 million, of which USD 75.2 million was settled in cash while the remaining USD 20 million was settled through a seller's credit agreement towards Odfjell Drilling. The seller's credit agreement has maturity date on July 31, 2024, with 10% p.a. cash interest (step-up of interest to 13% p.a. from January 1, 2024).

## Odfjell Drilling warrants

In  November 2022, Akastor sold the preference shares in Odfjell Drilling for  a  total  consideration  of  USD  95.2  million,  of  which  USD  75.2  million was settled in cash while the remaining USD 20 million was settled through a seller's credit agreement towards Odfjell Drilling, see Note 19 for more information.  Akastor  retains  warrants  for  6  837  492  common  shares  in Odfjell  Drilling,  divided  by  six  exercisable  tranches  until  May  31,  2024. Odfjell Drilling is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange.

## Shares in Step Oiltools B.V.

Step  Oiltools  was  included  in  the  transaction  scope  when  HMH  was established and thus forms part of the MHWirth business contributed from Akastor to the joint venture HMH in 2021. However, the legal ownership in shares in Step Oiltools B.V. remains with Akastor as of December 31, 2022. The ownership does not constitute control since Akastor is not exposed to variable returns from the legal ownership. See also Note 24 Other liabilities for more information about the liabilities related to Step Oiltools.

## Note 20 | Trade and other receivables

| Amounts in NOK million  Note  2022  2021  Trade receivables  204  191  Less provision for impairment  (64)  (57)  Trade receivables, net of provision  140  135  Other receivables  556  673  Trade and other receivables  30  696  808  Advances to suppliers  2  -  Contract assets  8  61  47  Prepaid expenses  11  16  Public duty and tax refund  -  2  Total  769  872   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Other receivables relate mainly to Akastor's economic interest in four drilling equipment contracts with Jurong Shipyard (DRU contracts). This position was carved out from MHWirth in connection with the merger with Baker Hughes' SDS business. The contracts were terminated by Jurong and dispute over termination fees is being resolved through arbitration process with outcome expected in 2023. In 2022, the group reassessed both receivables and accrued expenses following the formal termination of the last two contracts. An impairment of NOK 174 million, with a corresponding reversal of accrued expenses, was recognized in 2022 (NOK 214 million in 2021). Net financial position related to the contracts was not impacted by the reassessment.

Book value of trade and other receivables is approximately equal to fair value.

## Aging of trade receivables

| Amounts in NOK million  2022  2021  Not overdue  145  126  Past due 0-30 days  3  8  Past due 31-90 days  1  -  Past due more than 90 days  56  57  Total trade receivables  204  191   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The past due receivables are monitored regularly and impairment analysis is performed on an individual basis for major customers. As of December 31, 2022, trade receivables of a face value of NOK 64 million were impaired. See below for the movements in the provision for impairment of receivables.

| Amounts in NOK million  2022  2021  Balance as of January 1  57  131  Unused amounts reversed  -  (8)  Disposal of subsidiaries  -  (68)  Currency translation differences  7  2  Balance as of December 31  64  57   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 21 | Cash and cash equivalents

| Amounts in NOK million  2022  2021  Restricted cash  2  -  Interest-bearing deposits  117  89  Total cash and cash equivalents  119  89   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Additional undrawn committed bank revolving credit facilities amount to NOK 304 million, that together with cash and cash equivalents gives a total liquidity reserve of NOK 423 million as of December 31, 2022. See also Note 23 Borrowings.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Note 22 | Capital and reserves

## Share capital

Akastor ASA has one class of shares, ordinary shares, with equal rights for all shares. The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends and are entitled to one vote per share at General Meetings. Total outstanding shares are 274 000 000 at par value NOK 0.592 per share (NOK 0.592 in 2021). All issued shares are fully paid.

## Treasury shares

Sale of 405 051 treasury shares to employees was carried out in 2022 in connection with the company's variable pay program. As of December 31, 2022, Akastor ASA holds 1 985 164 treasury shares (2 390 215 treasury shares in 2021), representing 0.72 percent of total outstanding shares.

The Board of Directors has not proposed dividend for 2022 or 2021.

## Hedging reserve

As of December 31, 2022, the group had no cash flow hedges. The hedging reserve  is  related  to  share  of  other  comprehensive  income  in  equity accounted investees.

## Fair value reserve

The fair  value  reserve  comprises  the  cumulative  net  changes  in  the  fair value of financial assets classified as Fair Value through OCI (FVOCI) until these assets are impaired or derecognized.

## Currency translation reserve

The  currency  translation  reserve  includes  exchange  differences  arising from the translation  of  the  net  investments  in  foreign  operations,  foreign exchange gain or loss on loans defined as part of net investments in foreign operations, as well as the group's share of currency translation differences in equity accounted investees. Upon the disposal of investments in foreign operations during 2021, the accumulated currency translation differences related  to  the  disposed  entities  were  reclassified  from  the  currency translation reserve to the income statement.

## Note 23 | Borrowings

Below are contractual terms of the group's interest-bearing loans and borrowings which are measured at amortized cost. For more information about the group's exposure to interest rates, foreign currency and liquidity risk, see Note 29 Financial risk management and exposures.

| Amounts in million  Currency  Nominal  currency  value  Carrying  amount  (NOK)  Maturity  1)  Interest terms  2)  2022  Revolving credit facility (USD 66 million)  USD  66  656  Feb 2024  USD LIBOR + margin 5.5%  Revolving credit facility (NOK 250 million)  NOK  200  198  Feb 2024  NIBOR + margin 5.5%  Subordinated Aker facility (NOK 250 million)  3)  NOK  16  16  Mar 2024  NIBOR + margin 10%  Term loan AGR  NOK  180  198  Apr 2027  Fixed rate 4%  Term loan DDW Offshore  USD  27  272  Feb 2024  USD LIBOR + margin 4.25%  Total borrowings  1 340  Current borrowings  1 142  Non-current borrowings  198  Total borrowings  1 340  2021  Revolving credit facility (USD 89 million)  USD  83  721  Feb 2023  USD LIBOR + margin 5.5%  Revolving credit facility (NOK 250 million)  NOK  -  -  Feb 2023  NIBOR + margin 5.5%  Subordinated Aker facility (NOK 250 million)  NOK  3  3  Mar 2023  NIBOR + margin 10%  Term loan AGR  NOK  180  185  Apr 2027  Fixed rate 4%  Term loan DDW Offshore  USD  53  467  Oct 2023  USD LIBOR + margin 4.25%  Overdraft  NOK  11  Total borrowings  1 387  Current borrowings  16  Non-current borrowings  1 372  Total borrowings  1 387   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) In February and March 2023, the maturity date of Revolving credit facilities, Aker facility and DDW Offshore term loan was extended to February/March 2024. The borrowings are classified as current reflecting the maturity date as at the reporting date.

2) Commitment fee is 40 percent of the margin for revolving credit facilities and Aker facility.

3) In March 2023, Aker facility was increased to NOK 450 million (NIBOR + margin 12%).

For information about contractual maturities of borrowings including interest payments and the period in which they mature, see Note 29 Financial risk management and exposures.

## Bank debt

The revolving credit facilities are provided by a bank syndicate consisting of high-quality Nordic and international banks, with DNB acting as agent. The  terms  and  conditions  include  restrictions  which  are  customary  for these kinds of facilities, including inter alia negative pledge provisions and restrictions  on  acquisitions,  disposals  and  mergers,  dividend  distribution and change of control provisions. For information about financial covenants, see Note 28 Capital management.

The term loan facility of NOK 180 million to AGR is provided by Nordea and DNB. The lenders have no recourse to Akastor ASA. This facility includes restrictions which are customary for these kinds of facilities.

The term loan of USD 27 million to DDW Offshore is provided by GIEK, DNB and BNP Paribas and matures in February 2024. The Facility is guaranteed by Akastor ASA and the lenders benefit from first priority mortgages in the vessels.  This  facility  includes  restrictions  which  are  customary  for  these kinds of secured financing.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

| Amounts in NOK million  Revolving  credit  facilities  Subordi-  nated Aker  facility  Term loan  AGR  Term loan  - DDW  Offshore  Overdraft  Total  borrowings  Balance as of December 31, 2020  1 119  -  173  455  -  1 746  Proceeds from borrowings  1 056  -  -  -  11  1 067  Repayment of borrowings  (1 472)  -  -  -  -  (1 472)  Changes from financing cash flows  (416)  -  -  -  11  (405)  Changes in capitalized borrowing costs  7  -  -  -  -  7  Accrued interest (incl. commitment fees)  5  3  13  -  -  20  Foreign exchange movements  6  -  -  13  -  18  Balance as of December 31, 2021  721  3  185  467  11  1 387  Proceeds from borrowings  736  20  -  -  -  756  Repayment of borrowings  (711)  (20)  -  (254)  (11)  (996)  Changes from financing cash flows  25  -  -  (254)  (11)  (240)  Changes in capitalized borrowing costs  13  -  -  -  -  13  Accrued interest (incl. commitment fees)  (1)  13  13  9  -  33  Foreign exchange movements  96  -  -  50  -  146  Balance as of December 31, 2022  854  16  198  272  -  1 340   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See Note 31 Leases for reconciliation of liabilities arising from leasing activities.

## Note 24 | Other liabilities

| Amounts in NOK million  Note  2022  2021  Deferred gain  30  51  Deferred settlement obligations  30  326  377  Liability for profit split  30  102  200  Other liabilities  30  1  1  Total other non-current liabilities  459  628  Liability related to Step Oitools  30  162  148  Total other current liabilities  162  148   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Deferred gain

In May 2018, Akastor invested in preferred equity and warrants in Odfjell Drilling. On initial recognition, the investment in warrants was recognized at fair value and the difference between the fair value and the transaction price, NOK 117 million, was recognized as 'Deferred gain'. The deferred gain is subsequently amortized and recognized to profit and loss at straight-line basis over six years. See Note 18 Other investments for more information about the warrant investment.

## Deferred settlement obligations

Deferred settlement obligations represent contingent considerations resulting from disposal of subsidiaries. The obligations are mainly related to  provision  for  indemnity  liabilities  for  pension  plans  in  connection  with MHWirth divestment as well as guaranteed preferred return to Mitsui and MOL in connection with AKOFS Offshore divestment.

## Liability for profit split

DDW Offshore AS has obligation to share 50 percent of the sale proceeds from disposal of two of its vessels with its lenders prior to April 2024.

## Liability related to Step Oiltools

Step  Oiltools  was  included  in  the  transaction  scope  when  HMH  was established and thus forms part of the MHWirth business contributed from Akastor to the joint venture HMH in 2021. However, the legal ownership in shares in Step Oiltools B.V. remains with Akastor as of December 31, 2022. Since Akastor is not exposed to variable returns from the legal ownership, the liability reflects the obligation to transfer Step Oiltools or its assets to HMH when the ownership structure is resolved. See also Note 18 Other investments for more information about the Step Oiltools shares.

## Note 25 | Employee benefits - pension

Akastor's pension costs represent the future pension entitlement earned by employees in the financial year. In a defined contribution plan the company is responsible for paying an agreed contribution to the employee's pension assets. In such a plan, this annual contribution is also the cost. In a defined benefit plan, it is the company's responsibility to provide a certain pension. The measurement of the cost and the pension liability for such arrangements is  subject  to  actuarial  valuations.  Akastor  has  over  a  long  time  period gradually moved from defined benefit arrangements to defined contribution plans.  Consequently,  the  impact  of  the  remaining  defined  benefit  plans  is gradually reduced.

## Pension plans in Norway

The main pension arrangement in Norway is a general pension plan organized by  the  Norwegian  Government.  This  arrangement  provides  the  main general pension entitlement of all Norwegians. All pension arrangements by employers consequently represent limited additional pension entitlements.

Norwegian employers are obliged to provide an employment pension plan, which can be organized as a defined benefit plan or as a defined contribution plan. The Norwegian companies in Akastor have closed the earlier defined benefit plans in 2008 and are now providing defined contribution plans for all employees.

## Defined benefit plan

Employees who were 58 years or older in 2008, when the change took place, are still in the defined benefit plan, which is a funded plan. There are no longer any active employees in this plan. The estimated contributions expected to be paid to the Norwegian plan during 2023 amount to NOK 6 million.

## Pension cost

| Amounts in NOK million  Note  2022  2021  Defined benefit plans  1  1  Defined contribution plans including AFP  11  10  Total pension cost  9  12  11   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Net employee defined benefit obligations

| Amounts in NOK million  2022  2021  Defined benefit plans Norway  94  94  Defined benefit plans USA  2  15  Total employee benefit obligations  96  108   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Compensation plan

To ensure that the employees were treated fairly on the change over to the contribution plan in 2008, the company introduced a compensation plan. The basis for deciding the compensation amount is the difference between calculated pension capital in the defined benefit plan and the value of the defined benefit plan at the age of 67 years. The compensation amount will be adjusted annually in accordance with the adjustment of the employees' pensionable income, and accrued interest according to market interest. If the employee leaves the company voluntarily before the age of 67 years, the compensation amount will be reduced.

## AFP - early retirement arrangement

AFP is an early retirement arrangement organized by Norwegian employers, the  main  Labor  Union  organization  in  Norway  (LO)  and  the  Norwegian Government.  The  AFP  plan  is  providing  additional  lifelong  pensions  to employees that  retire  before  the  general  retirement  age,  to  compensate for the reduction of the ordinary pension entitlements. The employees are given a choice of retirement age, with lower pension at earlier retirement.

The  Norwegian  Accounting  Standards  Board  has  issued  a  comment concluding that the AFP plan is a multi-employer defined benefit plan. The AFP  plan  exposes  the  participating  entities  to  actuarial  risk  associated with employees of other entities with the result that there is no consistent and  reliable  basis  for  allocating  the  obligation,  plan  assets  and  costs  to individual participating entities. Sufficient information is not available to use defined benefit accounting and the AFP plan is accounted for as a defined contribution plan.

## Pension plans outside Norway

Pension plans outside Norway are predominately defined contribution plans.

<!-- image -->

## Movement in net defined benefit (asset) liability

| Pension obligation  Pension asset  Net pension obligation  Amounts in NOK million  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  Balance as of January 1  332  639  (224)  (251)  108  388  Disposal of subsidiaries as of January 1, 2021  -  (279)  -  28  -  (251)  Included in profit or loss  Service cost  1  1  -  -  1  1  Interest cost (income)  4  2  (2)  (1)  2  2  Total  4  3  (2)  (1)  2  2  Included in OCI  Remeasurements (loss) gain:  Actuarial loss (gain) arising from:  - demographic assumptions  2  6  -  -  2  5  - financial assumptions  (18)  (10)  (3)  (2)  (21)  (12)  - experience adjustments  4  (5)  -  -  4  (5)  Return on plan assets excluding interest income  -  -  25  -  25  -  Effect of movements in exchange rates  7  3  (6)  (3)  -  -  Total  (5)  (6)  16  (5)  11  (11)  Other  Benefits paid by the plan  (30)  (25)  24  20  (6)  (5)  Contributions paid into the plan  -  -  (20)  (15)  (20)  (15)  Total  (30)  (25)  5  5  (26)  (20)  Balance as of December 31  301  332  (205)  (224)  96  108   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Plan assets

| Amounts in NOK million  2022  2021  Plan assets at fair value Norwegian plan  Government  2  5  Finance  14  15  Private and Government enterprise  23  26  Municipalities  10  15  Bonds  48  60  Fund/private equity  56  60  Total plan assets Norway at fair value  104  120  Equity securities  25  29  Debt securities  76  75  Total plan assets US at fair value  101  104  Total plan assets at fair value  205  224   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The equity  portfolio  is  invested  globally.  The  fair  value  of  the  equities  is based on their quoted prices at the reporting date without any deduction for estimated future selling cost.

The investments in bonds are done in the Norwegian market and most of the bonds are not listed on any exchange. The market value as at year end is  based on official  prices  provided  by  the  Norwegian  Securities Dealers Association. The Bond investments have on average a high credit rating. Most of the investments are in Norwegian municipalities with a credit rating of AA.

The investment in fund/private equity is mainly funds that invests in listed securities and where the fund value is based on quoted prices.

## Defined benefit obligation - actuarial assumptions

The group's significant defined benefit plans are in Norway. The followings are the principal actuarial assumptions at the reporting date for the plans in Norway.

| Norway  2022  2021  Discount rate  3.20%  1.90%  Asset return  2.00%  1.90%  Salary progression  3.75%  2.75%  Pension indexation  1.7 -3.5%  0 -2.5%  Mortality table  K2013  K2013   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The information below relates only to Norwegian plans as these represent the majority of the plans.

The discount rates  and  other  assumptions  in  2022  and  2021  are  based on the Norwegian high quality corporate bond rate and recommendations from the Norwegian Accounting Standards Board. It should be expected that  fluctuations  in  the  discount  rates  would  also  lead  to  fluctuations in  the  pension  indexations.  The  total  effect  of  fluctuations  in  economic assumptions is consequently unlikely to be very significant.

Assumptions  regarding  future  mortality  have  been  based  on  published statistics  and  mortality  tables. The  current  life  expectancy  underlying  the values of the defined benefit obligation at the reporting date is shown below.

| Years  2022  2021  Life expectancy of male pensioners  22.7  22.6  Life expectancy of female pensioners  26.0  25.9   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2022, the weighted-average duration of the defined benefit obligation was 4.1 years.

## Sensitivity analysis

Reasonably possible changes at the reporting date to one of the relevant actuarial assumptions, holding other assumptions constant, would have affected the defined benefit obligation as of December 31, 2022 by the amounts shown below.

| Amounts in NOK million  Increase  Decrease  Discount rate (1% movement)  (8)  9  Future salary growth (1% movement)  -  -  Future pension growth (1% movement)  9  (7)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The change in discount rate assumptions would affect plan assets in the income statement in next period as it would change the estimated asset return but have no effect on pension assets as of year-end.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Note 26 | Provisions

| Amounts in NOK million  2022  2021  Provision, current  31  20  Provision, non-current  3  26  Total provisions  34  47   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Development of significant provisions

| Amounts in NOK million  Warranties  Onerous  contracts  Other  Total  Balance as of December 31, 2021  10  31  6  47  Provisions utilized  -  (3)  (2)  (4)  Provisions reversed  (9)  -  -  (9)  Unwind of discount  -  1  -  1  Reclassification to held for sale  (1)  -  -  (1)  Balance as of December 31, 2022  -  29  5  34  Expected timing of payment  Within the next twelve months  -  27  4  31  After the next twelve months  -  3  1  3  Total  -  29  5  34   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Onerous contracts

Provision for onerous contracts relates mainly to unavoidable operational costs for vacant properties where the group is committed  under lease contracts.

## Note 27 | Trade and other payables

| Amounts in NOK million  Note  2022  2021  Trade creditors  1)  67  99  Accrued expenses  179  377  Liability for profit split  2)  89  -  Trade and other payables  30  335  476  Public duty and tax payables  46  46  Contract liabilities  8  25  21  Deferred settlement obligations  30  91  82  Total trade and other payables  498  625   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Trade creditors are due within one year.

2) Relates to obligation in DDW Offshore AS to share 50 percent of the sale proceeds from disposal of two of its vessels in 2023.

Book value of trade creditors and other current liabilities is approximately equal to fair value.

## Note 28 | Capital management

Akastor's  capital  management  is  designed  to  ensure  that  the  group  has sufficient  financial  flexibility  to  carry  out  its  strategic  targets,  both  shortterm and long-term. Akastor is targeting to maintain a financial structure that, through solidity and cash flow, secures the group's strong long-term creditworthiness, as well as maximize value creation for its shareholders through:

- Ÿ Investing in projects and business areas which will increase the company's Return On Capital Employed (ROCE) over time.
- Ÿ Optimizing the company's capital structure to ensure both sufficient and timely funding over time to finance its activities at the lowest cost.

## Investment policy

Akastor's capital management is based on a rigorous investment selection process  which  considers  not  only  Akastor's  weighted  average  cost  of capital and strategic orientation but also external factors such as market expectations.

## Funding policy

## Liquidity planning

Akastor has a strong focus on its liquidity situation to meet its capital needs and  ensure  solvency  for  its  financial  obligations.  Akastor  had  a  liquidity reserve per year end 2022 of NOK 423 million, composed of an undrawn committed credit facility of NOK 304 million and cash and cash equivalents of NOK 119 million.

## Funding of operations

Akastor's  group  funding  policy  is  that  subsidiaries  should  finance  their operations with the treasury department (Akastor Treasury). This ensures optimal availability and transfer of cash within the group and better control of the company's overall debt as well as cheaper funding for its operations. However, AGR is financed directly through a NOK 180 million Term Loan maturing in 2027, and DDW Offshore is financed directly through a USD 27 million Term loan maturing in 2024.

## Funding duration

Akastor  emphasizes  financial  flexibility  and  steers  its  capital  structure accordingly  to  limit  its  liquidity  and  refinancing  risks.  In  this  perspective, loans and other external borrowings are to be renegotiated well in advance of their due date and generally for periods of 3 to 5 years. However, as a result of MHWirth divestment in 2021 and the required refinancing carried out  in  connection  with  this,  corporate  facilities  currently  have  a  shorter duration as realization of assets are expected to be carried out in the short to medium term.

## Funding cost

Akastor  aims  to  have  diversified  funding  sources  in  order  to  reach  the lowest possible cost of capital. These funding sources might include:

- Ÿ The use of banks based on syndicated credit facilities.
- Ÿ The issue of debt instruments in the Norwegian capital market.
- Ÿ The issue of debt instruments in foreign capital markets.

## Ratios used in monitoring of capital/covenants

Akastor monitors capital on the basis of a gearing ratio (net debt/equity) and equity ratio (equity/total assets). These ratios are similar to covenants as defined in the loan agreement entered into in 2021 for the revolving credit facilities which are shown below. See Note 23 Borrowings for details about these loans.

- Ÿ The  company's  gearing  ratio  shall  not  exceed  0.5  times  and is calculated from  the consolidated  total borrowings  to the consolidated Equity.
- Ÿ Equity  ratio  shall  not  be  lower  than  32.5%,  calculated  from  the consolidated total equity to consolidated total assets.
- Ÿ Minimum  liquidity  amount  shall  exceed  NOK  150  million  on consolidated level.

The ratios are calculated based on net debt including cash and borrowings, consolidated  equity  and  consolidated  total  assets,  however  adjusted  for certain items as defined in the loan agreement. Covenants ratios are based on accounting principles as of December 31, 2022.

The covenants are monitored on a regular basis by the Akastor Treasury department  to  ensure  compliance  with  the  loan  agreements  which  are tested and reported on a quarterly basis. Akastor was in compliance with its covenants as of December 31, 2022. In February 2023, the group extended the  maturity  of  the  corporate  revolving  credit  facilities  to  February/March 2024.  In  March  2023,  the  subordinated Aker  facility  was  increased  with NOK 200 million to NOK 450 million (NIBOR + 12% margin).

AGR's external financing has one financial covenant the Liquidity shall be not less than NOK 20 million.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Note 29 | Financial risk management and exposures

The group is exposed to a variety of financial risks: currency risk, interest rate  risk,  price  risk,  credit  risk,  liquidity  risk  and  capital  risk.  The  capital market risk affects the value of financial instruments held. The objective of financial risk management is to manage and control financial risk exposures and thereby increase the predictability of earnings and minimize potential adverse effects on the group's financial performance.

Risk management is present in every project. It is the responsibility of the project managers, with the support of Akastor Treasury, to identify, evaluate and hedge financial risks under policies approved by the Board of Directors. The group has well-established principles for overall risk management, as well as policies for the use of derivatives and financial investments. There have not been any changes in these policies during the year.

## Currency risk

The  group  operates  internationally  and  is  exposed  to  currency  risk on  commercial  transactions,  recognized  assets  and  liabilities  and  net investments in foreign operations. Commercial transactions and recognized assets  and  liabilities  are  subject  to  currency  risk  when  payments  are denominated in a currency other than the respective functional currency of the group company. The group's exposure to currency risk is primarily against USD.

## Exposure to currency risk

Changes in currency rates change the values of borrowings, receivables and cash balances.

| 2022  2021  Amounts in million  USD  USD  Cash and cash equivalents  -  (5)  Intercompany loans  48  43  Loans and receivables  109  43  Deferred settlement assets and obligations  (42)  (50)  Balance sheet exposure  115  31  Forward exchange contracts  -  (75)  Net exposure  115  (43)  Net exposure (NOK million)  1 141  (383)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Sensitivity analysis

A  strengthening  of  USD  against  NOK  as  of  December  31  would  have affected the measurement of financial instruments denominated in a foreign currency  and  increased  (decreased)  income  statement  by  the  amounts shown below. This analysis  is  based  on  foreign  currency  exchange  rate variances that the group considered to be reasonably possible at the end

Effect of weakening of NOK against USD:

| 2022  2021  Amounts in NOK million  Profit (loss) after tax  Profit (loss) after tax  USD (10%)  114  USD (10%)  (38)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A strengthening of the NOK against USD as of December 31 would have had the equal but opposite effect on the above amounts, on the basis that all other variables remain constant. The sensitivity analysis does not include effects on the consolidated result and equity from changed exchange rates used for consolidation of foreign subsidiaries.

The primary  currency-related  risk  is  the  risk  of  reduced  competitiveness abroad  in  the  case  of  a  strengthened  NOK.  This  risk  relates  to  future commercial contracts and is not included in the sensitivity analysis above.

## Interest rate risk

The group's interest rate risk arises from cash balances, interest-bearing borrowings and interest-bearing receivables. Borrowings and receivables issued  at  variable  rates  as  well  as  cash  expose  the  group  to  cash  flow interest rate risk. Borrowings and receivables issued at fixed rates expose the group to fair value interest rate risk. However, as these borrowings are measured at amortized cost, interest rate variations do not affect profit and loss when held to maturity.

An increase of 100 basis points in interest rates during 2022 would have increased (decreased) profit and loss by the amounts shown on the table below. This analysis assumes that all other variables, in particular foreign currency rates, remain constant. The analysis is performed on the same basis as for 2021.

of  the  reporting  period. The  analysis  assumes that all other variables, in particular interest rates, remain constant and ignores any impact of forecast sales and purchases. Figures in the table below only include the effect in income statement for change in currency regarding financial instruments and do not include effect from operating cost and revenue.

Effect of increase of 100 basis points in interest rates on profit (loss) before tax

| Amounts in NOK million  2022  2021  Cash and cash equivalents  1  2  Interest-bearing receivables  4  2  Borrowings  (17)  (19)  Net  (12)  (16)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A decrease of 100 basis points in interest rates during 2022 would have had the equal but opposite effect on the above amounts, on the basis that all other variables remain constant. There are no effects on equity as there are no interest swaps.

## Guarantee obligations

The group has provided the following guarantees on behalf of subsidiaries and related parties as of December 31, 2022 (estimated remaining exposure as of December 31, 2022):

- Ÿ Performance guarantees on behalf of group companies of NOK 17 million (NOK 361 million in 2021)
- Ÿ Performance guarantees on behalf of related parties of NOK 2.2 billion (NOK 2.6 million in 2021)
- Ÿ Parent company indemnity guarantees for fulfillment of lease obligations and finance obligations of NOK 2.6 billion (NOK 3.0 billion in 2021)
- Ÿ Financial guarantees including counter guarantees for bank/ surety bonds and guarantees for pension obligations to employees of NOK 0.2 billion (NOK 0.3 billion in 2021)

Although guarantees are financial instruments, they are considered contingent  obligations  and  the  notional  amounts  are  not  included  in  the financial  statements.  See  more  information  about  guarantees  for  related parties in Note 33 Related parties.

## Price risk

The group is exposed to fluctuations  in  market  prices  in  the  operational areas  related  to  contracts,  including  changes  in  market  prices  for  raw materials,  equipment  and  development in wages. These risks are to the extent possible managed in bid processes by locking in committed prices from vendors as a basis for offers to customer or through escalation clauses with customers.

## Credit risk

Credit  risk  is  the  risk  of  financial  losses  to  the  group  if  customer  or counterparty to financial investments/instruments fails to meet contractual obligations and arise principally from investment securities and receivables.

Assessment of credit risk related to customers and subcontractors is an important requirement in the bid phase and throughout the contract period. Such  assessments  are  based  on  credit  ratings,  income  statement  and balance sheet reviews and using credit assessment tools available (e.g. Dun &amp; Bradstreet and Credit Watch). Sales to customers are settled in cash.

The group evaluates that significant credit risk concentrations are related to  receivables  and  contract  assets  from  major  corporate  customers. The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date equals the carrying amounts  of  financial  assets  (see  Note  30  Financial  instruments)  and contract assets (see Note 8 Revenue and other income). The group does not hold collateral as security.

Based on estimates of incurred losses in respect of trade receivables and contract assets, the group establishes a provision for impairment losses. Provisions  for  loss  on  debtors  are  based  on  individual  assessments. Provisions for loss on trade receivables and contract assets were NOK 278 million in 2022 (NOK 271 million in 2021).

## Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the group will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with its financial liabilities. The group manages its liquidity to ensure that it will always have sufficient liquidity reserves to meet its liabilities when due.

Prudent liquidity risk management includes maintaining sufficient cash, the availability of funding from an adequate amount of committed credit facilities and the ability to close out market positions. Due to the dynamic nature of the underlying businesses, Akastor Treasury maintains flexibility in funding by maintaining availability under committed credit lines.

Akastor is  an  investment  company with limited upstream cash flow from its  portfolio  companies  and  therefore  to  a  large  degree  depends  on realization of assets to reduce debt and improve liquidity. In order to mitigate refinancing risk when the corporate financing facilities mature and secure available liquidity, the group is in accordance with its strategy focusing on realization of holdings. The outcome related to the DRU arbitration process is a key milestone in this regard. If realization processes planned should be delayed or if proceeds come in at a lower value than anticipated, refinancing risk would increase and other sources of capital could be required.

The  group  policy  for  the  purpose  of  optimizing  availability  and  flexibility of  cash within the group is to operate a centrally managed cash pooling arrangement. An important condition for the participants (business units) in such cash pooling arrangements is that the group as an owner of such pools is financially viable and is able to prove its capability to service its obligations concerning repayment of any net deposits made by business units. Management monitors rolling monthly forecasts of the group's liquidity reserve on the basis of expected cash flow.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Financial liabilities and the period in which they mature

The following is the remaining contractual maturities of financial liabilities at the reporting date. The amounts are gross and undiscounted and include contractual interest payments and exclude the impact of netting agreements.

| Amounts in NOK million  Note  Book  value  Total cash  flow  1)  6 months  and less  6-12  months  1-2 years  2-5 years  More than  5 years  2022  Borrowings  2)  23  1 340  1 403  59  334  852  157  -  Lease liabilities  31  85  89  27  22  34  6  1  Other non-current liabilities  24  103  110  -  -  110  -  -  Other current liabilities  24  162  162  -  162  -  -  -  Deferred settlement obligations  24, 27  417  429  103  8  91  102  126  Trade and other payables  27  335  335  272  63  -  -  -  Total financial liabilities  2 442  2 528  461  589  1 087  265  127  Financial guarantees  3)  5 058  198  1  555  3 640  665  2021  Borrowings  2)  23  1 387  1 522  48  32  1 237  111  94  Lease liabilities  31  155  168  42  41  46  39  1  Other non-current liabilities  24  201  221  -  -  221  -  -  Deferred settlement obligations  24, 27  459  481  8  60  82  163  168  Trade and other payables  27  476  476  240  236  -  -  -  Total financial liabilities  2 678  2 868  338  369  1 586  313  263  Financial guarantees 3)  6 247  581  4  497  3 315  1 851   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Nominal currency value including interest.

2) The interest costs are calculated using the last fixing rate known by year end (plus applicable margin).

3) Financial guarantees are not recognized on the consolidated balance sheet. The undiscounted cash flows potentially payable under financial guarantees are classified on the basis of expiry date.

## Note 30 | Financial instruments

## Accounting classifications and fair values

The following table shows the carrying amounts and fair values of financial assets  and  financial  liabilities,  including  their  levels  in  the  fair  value hierarchy. It does not include fair value information for financial assets and financial  liabilities  not  measured  at  fair  value  if  the  carrying  amount  is  a reasonable approximation of fair value. For financial instruments measured at fair value, the levels in the fair value hierarchy are as shown below.

Level 1 -  fair  values  are  based  on  prices  quoted in an active market for identical assets or liabilities.

| Amounts in NOK million  Note  Carrying  amount  Financial  instruments  measured at  fair value  Level in  fair value  hierarchy  2022  Financial assets measured at fair value  Fair value through P&amp;L (mandatorily at FVTPL)  Equity securities  18  40  40  Level 1  Equity securities  1)  18  321  321  Level 3  Warrants  18  34  34  Level 3  Fair value through Other comprehensive income  Debt instruments  1)  18  636  636  Level 3  Financial assets not measured at fair value  Financial assets at amortized cost  Cash and cash equivalents  21  119  Non-current interest-bearing receivables  19  668  Trade and other receivables  20  696  Financial assets  2 514  Financial liabilities not measured at fair value  Financial liabilities at amortized cost  Borrowings  2)  23  (1 340)  (1 342)  Level 2  Other financial liabilities  Other non-current liabilities  24  (103)  Trade and other payables  27  (335)  Financial liabilities measured at fair value  Fair value through profit &amp; loss  Other current liabilities  24  (162)  (162)  Level 3  Deferred settlement obligations  24, 27  (417)  (417)  Level 3  Financial liabilities  (2 357)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Investments in level 3 in the hierarchy relate to equity securities and debt securities with no active market. These investments are measured at the best estimate of fair value.

2) For credit facilities and other loans with floating interest, notional amounts are used as approximation of fair values.

<!-- image -->

Level 2 - fair values are based on inputs other than quoted prices included in  Level  1  that  are  observable  for  the  asset  or  liability,  either  directly  or indirectly.

Level 3 - fair values are based on unobservable inputs, mainly based on internal assumptions used in the absence of quoted prices from an active market or other observable price inputs.

<!-- image -->

| Amounts in NOK million  Note  Carrying  amount  Financial  instruments  measured at  fair value  Level in  fair value  hierarchy  2021  Financial assets measured at fair value  Fair value - hedging instruments  Derivative financial instruments  10  10  Level 2  Fair value through P&amp;L (mandatorily at FVTPL)  Equity securities  18  10  10  Level 1  Equity securities  1)  18  1 125  1 125  Level 3  Warrants  18  18  18  Level 3  Contingent considerations  17  20  20  Level 3  Fair value through Other comprehensive income  Debt instruments  1)  18  619  619  Level 3  Financial assets not measured at fair value  Financial assets at amortized cost  Cash and cash equivalents  21  89  Non-current interest-bearing receivables  19  315  Trade and other receivables  20  808  Financial assets  3 013  Financial liabilities not measured at fair value  Financial liabilities at amortized cost  Borrowings  2)  23  (1 387)  (1 402)  Level 2  Other financial liabilities  Other non-current liabilities  24  (201)  Other current liabilities  24  (148)  Trade and other payables  27  (476)  Financial liabilities measured at fair value  Fair value through profit &amp; loss  Deferred settlement obligations  24, 27  (459)  (459)  Level 3  Financial liabilities  (2 671)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Investments in level 3 in the hierarchy relate to equity securities and debt securities with no active market. These investments are measured at the best estimate of fair value.

2) For credit facilities and other loans with floating interest, notional amounts are used as approximation of fair values.

## Reconciliation of Level 3 financial assets and financial liabilities

| Amounts in NOK million  Assets  Liabilities  Balance as of December 31, 2020  1 480  (274)  Addition  189  (220)  Settlements  (37)  27  Net gain (loss) in the income statement  196  4  Fair value through OCI  (20)  -  Disposal of subsidiaries  (26)  3  Balance as of December 31, 2021  1 782  (459)  Settlements  (982)  59  Net gain (loss) in the income statement  220  (16)  Reclassifications  (29)  (162)  Balance as of December 31, 2022  991  (579)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Measurement of fair values at level 3

## Debt instruments at FVOCI

Financial  assets  measured  at  FVOCI  are  related  to  debt  instruments in  NES  Fircroft.  The  valuation  model  considers  the  present  value  of  the expected cash flows from the ultimate disposal of the investments weighted with different probabilities. The expected disposal value is determined by forecast EBITDA at the time of disposal and market multiples, adjusted by forecast net debt of the investee. The estimated fair value would increase (decrease) if:

- Ÿ The forecast EBITDA were higher (lower);
- Ÿ The market multiples applied were higher (lower); or
- Ÿ The net debt of the investees at the date of disposal were lower (higher).

## Warrants measured at FVTPL

The  financial  asset  relates  to  warrant  investment  in  Odfjell  Drilling.  The valuation is obtained from external valuation experts, using a Monte Carlo simulation model where the simulated stock prices are based on a lognormal stock price model assumed to follow a Geometric Brownian Motion. The key inputs to the valuation model consist of the stock price of Odfjell Drilling (listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange under ticker ODL) at the valuation date, as  well  as  assumption  of  future  volatility  based  on  the  share's  historical prices. The estimated fair value is mostly sensitive to the ODL share price and would increase (decrease) if the ODL share price were higher (lower).

## Deferred settlement obligations

These  liabilities  relate  to  contingent  considerations  and  obligations  from business disposals. Final amounts to be paid depend on future earnings in  the  disposed  companies  or  outcome  of  indemnity  claims  and  price adjustment mechanisms.

- Ÿ Liabilities depending on future earnings: The recognized amounts are determined based on recent forecasts and strategy figures for the entity, thus the final realized values are sensitive to the above inputs as driven by market conditions.
- Ÿ Liabilities  depending  on  outcome  of  indemnity  claims  and  price adjustment  mechanisms:  Provisions  are  made  based  on  all available evidence as at the reporting date.

The credit exposure on the Level 3 asset is limited to the amount recognized and the credit risk is not considered to be significant due to the nature of the arrangement.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Note 31 | Leases

## Group as lessee

The group leases  office  buildings  on  a  number  of  locations.  The  leases typically  run  for  a  period  of  3-10  years  and  some  of  the  leases  have extension options.

The group applies the short-term lease recognition exemptions for leases of property or machinery with lease term of 12 months or less. Leases of

## Right-of-use assets

| Amounts in NOK million  2022  2021  Balance as of January 1  41  468  Additions  4  9  Depreciation  1)  (15)  (43)  Reversal of impairment  1  -  Disposal of subsidiaries  -  (416)  Remeasurement  (4)  25  Currency translation differences  -  (2)  Balance as of December 31  27  41   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Includes depreciation related to discontinued operations of NOK 11 million in 2021

The right-of-use assets are related to leases of office buildings.

## Lease liabilities

| Amounts in NOK million  2022  2021  Balance as of January 1  155  592  Cash payments  (78)  (112)  Additions  4  9  Remeasurement  5  64  Disposal of subsidiaries  -  (397)  Currency translation differences  -  (1)  Balance as of December 31  85  155  Current lease liabilities  48  82  Non-current lease liabilities  37  72   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Amounts recognized in the income statement and cash flow statement

| Amounts in NOK million  2022  2021  Expenses related to leases of low-value items  (3)  (2)  Interest on lease liabilities  (6)  (9)  Total amounts recognized in the income statement  (9)  (11)  Payments for leases expensed  (3)  (2)  Interest paid for lease liabilities  (6)  (26)  Principal payments of lease liabilities  (78)  (112)  Total cash outflow for leases  (87)  (139)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

IT equipment and office equipment are considered as leases of low-value assets. The right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are not recognized for short-term leases or leases of low-value assets.

The lease agreements do not impose any covenants or restrictions.

Some property leases contain extension or termination options exercisable before the end of the non-cancellable period. They are used to maximize operational flexibility in terms of managing the assets used in the group's operations.  The  extension  and  termination  options  held  are  exercisable only by the group and not by the respective lessor. The group assesses at lease commencement date whether it is reasonably certain to exercise the extension or termination options.

Most extension options in offices leases have not been included in the lease liability, because the group expects to be able to replace the assets without significant cost or business disruption. Most of the early termination options are  not  considered  in  the  lease  term  either  as  the  group  assesses  it  as reasonably certain that the leases will not be terminated early. If the group had  exercised  the  extension  options  in  significant  property  leases  as  of December 31, 2022, the group estimates potential future lease payments (undiscounted) of approximately NOK 37 million, which are not included in the lease liabilities.

## Group as lessor

The group subleases out some of the property leases which are presented as part of the right-of-use assets. DDW Offshore leases out some of its vessels.

## Finance leases

Some of the subleases of right-of-use assets are classified as finance lease, with reference to the right-of-use assets arising from the head leases. In 2021, DDW Offshore entered into bareboat charter agreements and forward sale  of  two  vessels,  which  are  classified  as  finance  lease.  The  group recognized  a  gain  of  NOK  51  million  from  the  transaction  as  'gain  from disposal of assets', see Note 8 Revenue and other income.

The following table sets out a maturity analysis of finance lease receivables, showing the undiscounted lease payments to be received after the reporting date.

| Amounts in NOK million  2022  2021  Due within one year  213  64  Due in one to two years  18  189  Due in two to three years  -  18  Total undiscounted lease receivable  232  271  Unearned interest income  13  31  Total finance lease receivables  218  241  Current finance lease receivables  208  64  Non-current finance lease receivables  10  176   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Operating leases

Most of the leases are classified as operating leases except for the finance leases identified above. The lease income from subleasing right-of-use assets in 2022 was NOK 10 million (NOK 28 million in 2021).

The following table sets out future undiscounted sublease income under the non-cancellable lease periods.

| Amounts in NOK million  2022  2021  Due within one year  104  23  Due in one to two years  2  -  Total  106  23   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Note 32 | Group companies

This note gives an overview of subsidiaries of Akastor ASA. For information about other investments in the group, refer to Note 17 Equity-accounted investees and Note 18 Other investments. If not stated otherwise, ownership equals share of voting rights.

## Group companies as of December 31

| Ownership (%)  Company  Country  2022  2021  Akastor ASA  Norway  AGR 1)  AGR (Australia) Pty Ltd  Australia  64  64  AGR AS  Norway  64  64  AGR Energy Services AS  Norway  64  64  AGR Software AS  Norway  58  58  AGR Consultancy Services AS  Norway  64  64  AGR Mexico Well Management S. de R. L. de C. V  Mexico  64  64  AGR Consultancy Solutions Ltd  UK  64  64  SpotOn Well Management Ltd  UK  64  -  AGR Group Americas, Inc  USA  64  64  AGR Energy Services Inc  USA  64  64  AGR Wind Services AS  2)  Norway  -  52  Other companies  Cool Sorption A/S  Denmark  100  100  Well Systems Servicing Ltd  Nigeria  100  100  AKA SPH AS  Norway  100  100  DDW Offshore AS  Norway  100  100  Akastor AS  Norway  100  100  Mercury HoldCo AS  Norway  100  100  Akastor Real Estate AS  Norway  100  100  KOP Surface Products Singapore Pte Ltd  Singapore  100  100  Aker Cool Sorption Siam Ltd  Thailand  100  100  Frontica Business Solutions Ltd  3)  UK  -  100  AK Willfab Inc  USA  100  100  Mercury HoldCo Inc  USA  100  100   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Akastor holds 100 percent of the shares and 64 percent of the economic interests

2) Disposed in 2022

3) Liquidated in 2022

## Note 33 | Related parties

Related  party  relationships  are  those  involving  control  (either  direct  or indirect),  joint  control  or  significant  influence.  Related  parties  are  in  a position  to  enter  into  transactions  with  the  company  that  would  not  be undertaken between unrelated parties.

Akastor ASA is a parent company with control of around 20 companies around  the  world.  These  subsidiaries  are  listed  in  Note  32  Group companies.  Any  transactions  between  the  parent  company  and  the subsidiaries  are  shown  line  by  line  in  the  separate  financial  statements of  the  parent  company,  and  are  eliminated  in  the  consolidated  financial statements.

Joint  ventures  are  accounted  for  using  the  equity  method,  see  Note  17 Equity-accounted investees.

The largest shareholder of Akastor, Aker Holding AS, is wholly-owned by Aker ASA,  which  in  turn  is  controlled  by  Kjell  Inge  Røkke  through  TRG Holding AS and The Resource Group TRG AS. Akastor is an associated company to Aker ASA as per year end 2022 and 2021.

Below are descriptions of significant related party agreements.

## Significant agreements with related parties to Aker ASA

## Aker Holding AS

In connection with the refinancing of its corporate credit facilities, Akastor entered  into  a  subordinated  loan  agreement  with  Aker  Holding  AS,  a wholly  owned  subsidiary  to  Aker  ASA.  The  agreement  provides  credit facility  of  NOK  250  million  (NIBOR  +  margin  10.0  percent)  available  to Akastor. In February/March 2023, the facility was extended to March 2024 and  increased  to  NOK  450  million  (NIBOR  +  margin  12.0  percent).  The carrying amount of the loan from Aker Holding AS was NOK 16 million as of December 31, 2022, see Note 23 Borrowings for more information.

## The Resource Group TRG AS

AK Wilfab Inc, a wholly owned subsidiary of Akastor, is together with Aker Solutions Inc and The Resource Group TRG AS sponsoring the US pension plan named the Kvaerner Consolidated Retirement Plan. Akastor holds one third of the liability of the sponsors for the underfunded element of the plan and The Resource Group TRG AS holds two thirds of the ultimate liability. Aker ASA guarantees for The Resource Group TRG AS' liability and covers for all its expenses related to the pension plan.

## Related party transactions with joint ventures

## AKOFS Offshore

As of December 31, 2022, Akastor has interest-bearing receivables of NOK 226 million against AKOFS Offshore, including term loan of NOK 173 million (LIBOR + margin 2.5/5.5 percent) and drawn working capital facility of NOK 53 million  (NIBOR  +  margin  5.5  percent). Akastor  has  made  available  a NOK 100 million working capital revolving facility to AKOFS Seafarer AS from contract commencement with Equinor.

As part of the joint venture shareholders agreement, the other two investors, Mitsui  and  MOL,  are  entitled  to  a  guaranteed  preferred  equity  return,  in respect of the operations of AKOFS Seafarer, amounting to a total of USD 46 million for the period 2020-2025. The payment of preferred return will be

<!-- image -->

settled firstly by ordinary dividend from AKOFS Offshore, with any shortfall being guaranteed by Akastor. Akastor ASA has issued a bank guarantee for payment of preferred return for a total amount of NOK 131 million relating to the remaining period.

Akastor has issued a financial guarantee of NOK 152 million in favour of finance institutions for fulfilment of lease obligations related to  Avium Subsea AS. Akastor has issued a financial parent company indemnity guarantee of NOK 1.4 billion in favour of OCY Wayfarer Limited for fulfilment of lease obligations  related  to AKOFS  3 AS.  In  addition, Akastor  is  guaranteeing the  performance  of  AKOFS  Norway  Operations  AS  (operating  AKOFS Seafarer) under the 5 years charter agreement with Equinor. The remaining contract value of this charter agreement is NOK 2.1 billion. Avium Subsea AS, AKOFS 3 AS and AKOFS Seafarer AS are wholly owned subsidiaries of AKOFS Offshore.

## HMH

In  October  2021,  Akastor  completed  the  transaction  to  bring  together Akastor's  wholly  owned  subsidiary,  MHWirth  AS  (MHWirth)  and  Baker Hughes' Subsea Drilling Systems (SDS) business to create a joint venture company HMH. Following the transaction, Akastor and Baker Hughes each holds 50% of the shares in HMH, and have joint control over the company. See  Note  5  Discontinued  operations  and  Note  17  Equity-accounted investees for more information.

As  of  December  31,  2022,  Akastor  has  interest-bearing  receivables  of NOK 218 million against HMH (fixed interest rate 8.0 percent), see also Note 19 Non-current interest-bearing receivables. Further, Akastor has a liability of NOK 162 million towards HMH related to Step Oiltools, see also Note 24 Other liabilities for more information. Akastor has issued financial guarantees of NOK 539 million for MHWirth AS, a wholly owned subsidiary of HMH, for fulfilment of lease obligations and performance under certain operational support frame agreements.

## Other related parties

## Aker Pensjonskasse

Aker Pensjonskasse was established by Aker ASA to manage the retirement plan for employees and retirees in  Akastor as well as related  Aker companies. Akastor holds 93.4 percent of the paid-in capital in Aker Pensjonskasse and Akastor's share of paid-in equity was NOK 158 million at the end of 2022 (NOK 158 million in 2021). Akastor's premium paid to Aker Pensjonskasse amounts to NOK 6 million in 2022 (NOK 8 million in 2021). Akastor also has an interest-bearing receivable against Aker Pensjonskasse of NOK 22 million and an additional financing commitment NOK 10 million (3% interest of drawn amount and 1% interest of committed amount).

Even  though  Akastor  owns  93.4  percent  in  Aker  Pensjonskasse,  the ownership  does  not  constitute  control  since  Akastor  does  not  have  the power to govern the financial and operating policies so as to obtain benefits from the activities in this entity.

## Grants to employee representative's collective fund

Aker ASA  has  signed  an  agreement  with  employee  representatives  that regulate use of grants from Akastor ASA for activities related to professional development. The grant in 2022 was NOK 510 000 (NOK 510 000 in 2021).

<!-- image -->

## Compensation to key management

The key management personnel of Akastor includes the Board of Directors and the executive management team. The figures below  represent remuneration expenses recognized in the year. Detailed remuneration disclosures are provided in Remuneration Report 2022.

| Amounts in NOK million  2022  2021  Base salary  7  7  Variable pay and other benefits  8  15  Post-employment benefits (pension expenses to company)  1  -  Remuneration to Board of Directors  3  3  Total  19  26   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The balance of accrued expenses related to key management remuneration amounted to NOK 16 million as of December 31, 2022, of which NOK 5 million is contingent on continuous employment after a three-year period.

## Note 34 | Events after reporting date

In February 2023, the maturity of Akastor's corporate credit facilities was extended to February/March 2024. In March 2023, the subordinated Aker facility was increased with NOK 200 million to NOK 450 million.

In March 2023, Akastor entered into a share purchase agreement with ABL Group ASA ('ABL Group') for the sale of all shares in AGR against a combination of shares in ABL Group and cash. Certain defined assets are excluded from the transaction and will be retained by Akastor. This includes AGR's ownership in Føn Energy Services AS. The transaction is expected to generate an accounting gain upon completion in 2023.

## 04.b.  FINANCIALS AND NOTES

## AKASTOR ASA

| Akastor ASA | Income statement  78 79 80 81 82 82 83 83 84 84 85 86 87 87 88 88  Akastor ASA | Statement of financial position  Akastor ASA | Statement of cash flow  Note 1 | Accounting principles  Note 2 | Operating revenue and expenses  Note 3 | Net financial items  Note 4 | Tax  Note 5 | Investments in group companies  Note 6 | Shareholders' equity  Note 7 | Receivables and borrowings from group companies and related parties  Note 8 | Borrowings  Note 9 | Guarantees  Note 10 | Financial risk management  Note 11 | Related parties  Note 12 | Shareholders  Note 13 | Subsequent events   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Akastor ASA | Income statement For the year ended December 31

| Amounts in NOK million  Note  2022  2021  Operating revenue  2  1  2  Operating expenses  2  (40)  (53)  Operating profit (loss)  (40)  (51)  Net financial items  3  (429)  (613)  Profit (loss) before tax  (468)  (664)  Income tax benefit (expense)  4  12  -  Profit (loss) for the period  (457)  (664)  Profit (loss) for the period distributed as follows  Other equity  (457)  (664)  Profit (loss) for the period  (457)  (664)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Akastor ASA | Statement of financial position As of December 31

| Amounts in NOK million  Note  2022  2021  Assets  Deferred tax assets  4  12  -  Investments in group companies  5  4 194  4 515  Non-current interest-bearing receivables on group companies  7  500  500  Other non-current interest-bearing receivables  2  2  Total non-current assets  4 708  5 018  Current interest-bearing receivables on group companies  7  126  173  Other receivables on group companies  7  -  1  Other receivables  4  3  Cash in cash pool system  7  11  -  Total current assets  141  177  Total assets  4 849  5 195  Equity and liabilities  Issued capital  162  162  Treasury shares  (1)  (1)  Share premium  2 000  2 000  Other paid in capital  2 005  2 003  Other equity  (227)  229  Total equity  6  3 939  4 393  Non-current borrowings, external  8  -  719  Total non-current liabilities  -  719  Current borrowings, external  8  870  16  Other liabilities to group companies  7  40  52  Other current liabilities  1  15  Total current liabilities  910  83  Total liabilities  910  802  Total equity and liabilities  4 849  5 195   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Fornebu, March 22, 2023 I Board of Directors of Akastor ASA

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Asle Christian Halvorsen | Director

Stian Sjølund | Director

Karl Erik Kjelstad | CEO

Henning Jensen | Director

Kathryn M. Baker | Director

Luis Antonio G. Araujo | Director

Svein Oskar Stoknes | Director

Frank O. Reite | Chairperson

Lone Fønss Schrøder | Deputy Chairperson

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Akastor ASA | Statement of cash flow For the year ended December 31

| Amounts in NOK million  Note  2022  2021  Profit (loss) before tax  (468)  (664)  Adjustments:  Group contribution and dividend  3  -  (7 000)  Non-cash impairment  3  355  7 593  Net interest cost and unrealized currency (income) loss  111  46  Profit (loss), net of adjustments  (3)  (25)  Changes in net operating assets  (28)  18  Net external interest paid  (41)  (38)  Net cash from operating activities  (71)  (45)  Capital contribution in group companies  (34)  -  Net cash from investing activities  (34)  -  Proceeds from borrowings  756  1 067  Repayment of borrowings  (731)  (1 483)  Changes in borrowings from group companies  -  844  Changes in borrowings to group companies  -  (171)  Change in overdraft cash pool  40  (225)  Net cash from financing activities  65  32  Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash deposits  50  14  Net increase (decrease) in cash and bank deposits  11  -  Cash in cash pool system at the beginning of the period  -  -  Cash in cash pool system at the end of the period  1)  7  11  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Unused committed credit facilities amounted to NOK 304 million as of December 31, 2022 (NOK 553 million in 2021).

## Note 1 | Accounting principles

Akastor ASA (the parent company) is a company domiciled in Norway. The financial statements are presented in conformity with Norwegian Accounting Act and Norwegian generally accepted accounting principles (NGAAP).

## Revenue recognition

Operating  revenue  mainly  comprise  parent  company  guarantees  (PCG) recharged to entities within the group. The revenue is recognized over the guarantee period.

## Investments in subsidiaries

Investments in subsidiaries are measured at cost in the parent company accounts,  less  any  impairment  losses.  The  investments  are  impaired  to fair value if the impairment is not considered temporary. Impairment losses are  reversed  if  the  basis  for  the  impairment  loss  is  no  longer  present. Investments  in  subsidiaries  and  associates  are  reviewed  for  impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may exceed the fair value of the investment.

Dividends, group contributions and other distributions from subsidiaries are recognized as income the same year as they are recognized in the financial statement of the provider. If the dividends or group contributions exceed withheld profits  after  the  acquisition  date,  the  excess  amount  represents repayment of invested capital, and is recognized as a reduction of carrying value of the investment.

## Classification

Current assets and current liabilities include items due within one year or items that are part of the operating cycle. Other balance sheet items are classified as non-current assets/debts.

Non-current borrowings are presented as current if a loan covenant breach exists  at  balance  date.  If  a  covenant  waiver  is  approved  subsequent  to year-end and before the approval of the financial statements, the liability is presented as non-current debt to the extent maturity date is beyond one year.

## Measurement of borrowings and receivables

Financial assets and liabilities consist of investments in other companies, trade and other receivables, interest-bearing receivables, cash and cash equivalents, trade and other payables and interest-bearing borrowing.

Trade  receivables  and  other  receivables  are  recognized  in  the  balance sheet at nominal value less provision for expected losses.

Interest-bearing borrowings are initially recorded at transaction value less transaction  costs.  Subsequent  to  initial  recognition,  these  borrowings are  measured  at  amortized  cost  with  any  difference  between  cost  and redemption value being recognized in the income statement over the period of the borrowings on an effective interest basis.

## Cash in cash pool system

Akastor ASA has a cash pool that includes the parent company's cash as well  as  net  deposits  from  subsidiaries  in  the  group  cash  pooling  system owned by the parent company.   Correspondingly, Akastor ASA's current debt to group companies will include their net deposit in the group's cash pool system.

## Share capital

Costs for purchase of own shares including transaction costs are accounted for  directly  against  equity.  Sales  of  own  shares  are  performed  according to  stock-exchange quotations at the time of award and accounted for as increase in equity.

## Cash flow statement

The statement of cash flow is prepared according to the indirect method. Cash and cash equivalents include cash, bank deposits and other shortterm liquid investments.

## Functional currency and presentation currency

The parent company's financial statements are presented in NOK, which is Akastor ASA's functional currency. All financial information presented in NOK has been rounded to the nearest million (NOK million), except when otherwise stated. The subtotals and totals in some of the tables in these financial statements may not equal the sum of the amounts shown due to rounding.

## Foreign currency

Transactions  in  foreign  currencies  are  translated  at  the  exchange  rate applicable  at  the  date  of  the  transaction.  Monetary  items  in  a  foreign currency are translated to NOK using the exchange rate applicable on the balance sheet date. Foreign exchange differences arising on translation are recognized in the income statement as they occur.

## Tax

Tax  income  (expense)  in  the  income  statement  comprises  changes in  deferred  tax.  Deferred  tax  is  calculated  as  22  percent  of  temporary differences between accounting and tax values as well as any tax losses carry-forward at the year end. Net deferred tax assets are recognized only to the extent it is probable that they will be utilized against future taxable profits.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Note 2 | Operating revenue and expenses

Operating revenue comprises NOK 1 million in income from parent company guarantees (NOK 2 million in 2021).

There are no employees in Akastor ASA and hence no salary or pension related  costs  and  also  no  loan  or  guarantees  related  to  the  executive management team. Group management and corporate staff are employed by other Akastor companies and costs for their services as well as other parent company costs are recharged to Akastor ASA.

## Note 3 | Net financial items

| Amounts in NOK million  Note  2022  2021  Interest income from group companies  41  29  Interest income, external  52  31  Interest expense, external  (108)  (82)  Other financial income  -  1  Dividends from group companies  -  7 000  Impairment on receivables to group companies  7  -  (56)  Impairment of shares  (355)  (7 537)  Other financial expenses  (9)  (3)  Net foreign exchange gain (loss)  (50)  4  Net financial items  (429)  (613)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

NOK 3.2 million has been allocated to payable fees to the Board of Directors for 2022 (2021: NOK 3.0 million). Remuneration to and shareholding of the Board of directors and CEO is described in Remuneration Report 2022.

## Fees to the auditors

Fees  to  the  auditors  for  statutory  audit  amounted  to  NOK  1.1  million exclusive VAT (2021: NOK 2.0 million).

## Note 4 | Tax

| Amounts in NOK million  2022  2021  Calculation of taxable income  Profit (loss) before tax  (468)  (664)  Dividend income from group companies  -  (7 000)  Impairment of shares and receivables to group companies  355  7 593  Changes in timing differences  9  (7)  Generated (utilized) tax loss  104  79  Taxable income  -  -  Taxable (deductible) temporary differences  Provisions  2  (2)  Interest deduction carry-forward  (21)  (5)  Tax loss carry-forward  1)  (180)  (79)  Net temporary differences  (199)  (86)  Tax rate  22%  22%  Tax effects of temporary differences  44  19  Not recognized deferred tax assets  2)  (32)  (19)  Deferred tax assets (liability)  12  -  Tax expense  Taxes payable  -  -  Change in deferred tax  12  -  Income tax benefit (expense)  12  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) In addition, Akastor ASA has unrecognized tax loss carry forwards of NOK 440 million as of 2022 which is currently being subject to inquiries from Norwegian Tax Authorities

2) Deferred tax assets are not recognized when the management assesses that it is not probable that future taxable profit will be available, against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilized.

## Note 5 | Investments in group companies

| Amounts in NOK million  Registered  office  Share  capital  Number of  shares held  Percentage  owner- / vot-  ing share  2022  2021  Akastor AS  Fornebu, Norway  1 004  1  100%  2 882  3 237  Mercury Holdco AS  Fornebu, Norway  -  1 000  100%  1 312  1 279  Total  4 194  4 515   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Financial information in group companies 2022 (unaudited)

| Amounts in NOK million  Akastor AS  Mercury  Holdco AS  Profit (loss) for the period  (343)  75  Equity as of December 31  2 859  1 400   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Note 6 | Shareholders' equity

| Amounts in NOK million  Share capital  Treasury  shares  Share  premium  Other paid in  capital  Retained  earnings  Total  Equity as of January 1, 2021  162  (1)  2 000  2 003  894  5 057  Profit (loss) for the period  -  -  -  -  (664)  (664)  Equity as of December 31, 2021  162  (1)  2 000  2 003  229  4 393  Treasury shares transaction  -  -  -  2  -  2  Profit (loss) for the period  -  -  -  -  (457)  (457)  Equity as of December 31, 2022  162  (1)  2 000  2 005  (227)  3 939   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The share capital of Akastor ASA is divided into 274 000 000 shares with a nominal value of NOK 0.592. The shares can be freely traded. See Note 12 Shareholders for an overview of the company's largest shareholders.

Sale  of  405  051  treasury  shares  to  employees  was  carried  out  in  2022 in  connection  with  the  company's  variable  pay  program.  The  number  of

## Note 7 | Receivables and borrowings from group companies and related parties

| Amounts in NOK million  2022  2021  Group companies (borrowings) deposits in the cash pool system  (121)  (171)  Akastor ASA's net deposit (borrowings) in the cash pool system  131  171  Cash in cash pool system  11  -  Non-current interest-bearing receivables on group companies  500  500  Current interest-bearing receivables on group companies  1)  126  173  Net interest-bearing receivables on group companies  626  673  Other receivables on group companies  -  1  Other liabilities to group companies  (40)  (52)  Total other receivables on group companies  (40)  (52)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Includes group companies' borrowings in the cash pool system.

## Interest-bearing receivables on and borrowings from group companies

Akastor ASA  is  the  group's  central  treasury  function  (Akastor  Treasury) and enters into borrowings and deposit agreements with group companies. Deposits and borrowings are done at market terms and are dependent of the group companies' credit rating and the duration of the borrowings.

In 2021, an impairment of NOK 56 million was recognized related to interestbearing receivables on Step Oiltools BV prior to recapitalization of the entity.

## Cash pool arrangement

Akastor ASA is the owner of the cash pool system arrangements with DNB. The cash pool systems cover a majority of the group geographically and treasury shares held by the end of 2022 was 1 985 164 and the shares are held for the purpose of being used for future awards under any share purchase  program  for  employees,  as  settlement  in  future  corporate acquisitions or for other purpose as decided by the board of directors.

assure good control and access to the group's cash. Participation in the cash pool is vested in the group's policy and decided by each company's board  of  directors  and  confirmed  by  a  statement  of  participation.  The participants in the cash pool system are jointly and severally liable and it is therefore important that Akastor as a group is financially viable and can repay  deposits  and  carry  out  transactions.   Any  debit  balance  on  a  sub account can be set-off against any credit balance. Hence, a debit balance represents a claim on Akastor ASA and a credit balance a borrowing from Akastor ASA.

The cash pool system has a net cash of NOK 11 million as of December 31, 2022 (net overdraft of NOK 11 million in 2021).

## Note 8 | Borrowings

| Amounts in million  Currency  Nominal  currency  value  Carrying  amount (NOK)  Maturity  1)  Interest terms  2)  2022  Revolving credit facility (USD 66 million)  USD  66  656  Feb 2024  USD LIBOR + margin 5.5%  Revolving credit facility (NOK 250 million)  NOK  200  198  Feb 2024  NIBOR + margin 5.5%  Subordinated Aker facility (NOK 250 million)  3)  NOK  16  16  Mar 2024  NIBOR + margin 10%  Total borrowings  870  Current borrowings  870  Total  870  2021  Revolving credit facility (USD 89 million)  USD  83  721  Feb 2023  USD LIBOR + margin 5.5%  Revolving credit facility (NOK 250 million)  NOK  -  -  Feb 2023  NIBOR + margin 5.5%  Subordinated Aker facility (NOK 250 million)  NOK  3  3  Mar 2023  NIBOR + margin 10%  Overdraft facility  NOK  -  11  Total borrowings  735  Current borrowings  16  Non-current borrowings  719  Total  735   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) In February 2023, the maturity date was extended to February/March 2024. The borrowings are classified as current reflecting the maturity date as at the balance sheet date.

2) Commitment fee is 40 percent of the margin.

3) In March 2023, Aker facility was increased to NOK 450 million (NIBOR + margin 12%).

All  facilities  are  provided  by  a  bank  syndicate  consisting  of  high-quality Nordic and international banks and DNB is acting as the agent. The terms and conditions include restrictions which are customary for these kinds of facilities, including inter alia negative pledge provisions and restrictions on acquisitions,  disposals  and  mergers,  dividend  distribution  and  change  of control provisions.

In  2021,  Akastor  ASA  carried  out  refinancing  of  its  credit  facilities  as  a result of MHWirth divestment. In February 2023, the maturity date of the revolving credit facilities was extended to February/March 2024. Under the loan agreements, the financial covenants are a gearing ratio based on net debt/equity,  an  equity  ratio  based  on  equity/total  assets  and  a  minimum liquidity amount.

<!-- image -->

- Ÿ The company's gearing ratio shall not exceed 0.5 times, calculated from the consolidated total borrowings to the consolidated Equity.
- Ÿ Equity  ratio  shall  not  be  lower  than  32.5%,  calculated  from  the consolidated total equity to consolidated total assets.
- Ÿ Minimum  liquidity  amount  shall  exceed  NOK  150  million  on consolidated level.

The covenants are monitored on a regular basis by the Akastor Treasury department  to  ensure  compliance  with  the  loan  agreements  which  are tested and reported on a quarterly basis. Akastor was in compliance with its covenants as of December 31, 2022. On the basis of the covenant levels and its financial forecasts, management believes that the risk of covenant being breached is low and that the group will continue as a going concern for the foreseeable future. See more information in Board of Directors' report.

<!-- image -->

## Financial liabilities and the period in which they mature

| Amounts in NOK million  Carrying  amount  Total  undiscounted  cash flow  1)  6 months  and less  6-12 months  1-2 years  2)  2022  Revolving credit facility (USD 66 million)  656  668  35  32  602  Revolving credit facility (NOK 250 million)  198  217  9  9  200  Subordinated Aker facility (NOK 250 million)  16  16  -  -  16  Total borrowings  870  901  43  40  818  2021  Revolving credit facility (USD 89 million)  721  787  27  22  738  Subordinated Aker facility (NOK 250 million)  3  3  -  -  3  Overdraft facility  11  11  11  -  -  Total borrowings  735  800  37  22  740   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) The interest costs are calculated using the last fixing rate known by year end (plus applicable margin).

2) Repayment of the loan in the table is according to maturity date of the facility in the loan agreement.

## Note 9 | Guarantees

Akastor has provided the following guarantees on behalf of wholly owned subsidiaries and related parties as of December 31 (all obligations are per date of issue):

| Amounts in NOK million  2022  2021  Parent Company Guarantees to group companies  1)  639  1 025  Parent Company Guarantees to related parties  2)  4 017  4 416  Counter guarantees for bank/surety bonds, group companies  3)  232  305  Counter guarantees for bank/surety bonds, related parties  3)  1  8  Total guarantee liabilities  4 889  5 754  Maturity of guarantee liabilities:  6 months and less  45  104  6-12 months  1  4  1-2 years  555  497  2-5 years  3 623  3 315  5 years and more  665  1 835   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Parent Company Guarantees to support subsidiaries in contractual obligations towards clients.

2) Parent Company Guarantees to support related parties in contractual obligations towards clients, mainly AKOFS 1 AS, AKOFS 3 AS, AKOFS Norway Operations AS and MHWirth AS.

3) Bank guarantees and surety bonds are issued on behalf of Akastor subsidiaries and related parties, and counter indemnified by Akastor ASA.

Although guarantees are financial instruments, they are considered contingent obligations and the notional amounts are not included in the financial statements.

## US pension plan

AK Wilfab Inc, a wholly owned subsidiary of Akastor, is together The Resource Group TRG AS and Akastor ASA sponsoring the US pension plan named the Kvaerner Consolidated Retirement Plan. Akastor Group holds one third of the liability of the sponsors for the underfunded element of the plan and The Resource Group TRG AS holds two thirds of the ultimate liability.  Aker ASA guarantees for The Resource Group TRG AS' liability and covers for all its expenses related to the pension plan.

## Note 10 | Financial risk management

## Currency risk

The company's exposure to currency risk is primarily against USD as the company has external borrowings denominated in USD. As of 31 December 2022  or  2021, Akastor ASA  had  not  entered  into  any  forward  exchange contracts.

## Interest rate risk

The company is exposed to changes in interest rates because of floating interest  rate  on  loan  receivables  and  loan  payables. The  company  does not hedge transactions exposure in financial markets and does not have any fixed interest rate loan receivables nor loan payables. The company is therefore not exposed to fair value risk on its outstanding loan receivables or  loan  payables.  Interest  bearing  loan  receivables  and  loan  payables expose the company to income statement and cash flow interest risk.

Interest-bearing borrowings to group companies reflect the cost of external borrowing, reducing the interest risk exposure for Akastor ASA.

## Credit risk

Credit risk is the risk of financial losses to the company if a customer or counterparty  fails  to  meet  contractual  obligations.  Credit  risk  relates  to

## Note 11 | Related parties

Transactions and balances with subsidiaries and related parties are described in the following notes:

| Transactions  Note  Other services  Note 2  Financial items  Note 3  Investments  Note 5  Cash pool, receivables and borrowings  Note 7  Guarantees  Note 9   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All transactions with related parties are carried out at market terms and in accordance with the arm's lengths principle.

<!-- image -->

loans to subsidiaries and related parties, guarantees to subsidiaries and related parties and deposits with external banks. External deposits are done according to a list of approved banks and primarily with banks where the company also have a borrowing relationship.

Loss provisions for interest-bearing receivables are made in situations of negative equity if the company is not expected to be able to fulfill its loan obligations  from  future  earnings.  No  impairment  related  to  receivables from group companies was recognized in 2022 (NOK 56 million in 2021). See Note 7 Receivables and borrowings from group companies for more information about receivables.

## Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk relates to the risk that the company will not be able to meet its  debt  and  guarantee  obligations  and  is  managed  through  maintaining sufficient cash and available credit facilities. Due to the dynamic nature of the underlying businesses, Akastor Treasury maintains flexibility in funding by  maintaining  availability  under  committed  credit  lines.  Development  in the  group's  and  thereby Akastor ASA's  available  liquidity  is  continuously monitored through monthly cash flow forecasts, annual budgets and long term planning.

<!-- image -->

## Note 12 | Shareholders

Shareholders with more than 1 percent shareholding as per December 31

| Company  Number of  shares held  Ownership  2022  Aker Holding AS  100 565 292  36.70%  Goldman Sachs &amp; Co  Nominee  38 731 705  14.14%  Ministry of Trade, Industry and Fisheries, Norway  33 100 085  12.08%  Morgan Stanley &amp; Co. LLC  Nominee  30 438 269  11.11%  Apollo Asset Limited  6 049 000  2.21%  Mh Capital AS  4 000 000  1.46%  F2 Funds AS  3 270 000  1.19%  Tigerstaden AS  3 000 000  1.09%  Company  Number of  shares held  Ownership  2021  Aker Holding AS  100 565 292  36.70%  Goldman Sachs &amp; Co  Nominee  39 245 843  14.32%  Morgan Stanley &amp; Co. LLC  Nominee  33 139 698  12.09%  Ministry of Trade, Industry and Fisheries, Norway  33 100 085  12.08%  Verdipapirfond Odin Norge  10 575 925  3.86%  F2 Funds AS  3 239 187  1.18%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 13 | Subsequent events

In February 2023, the maturity of Akastor's corporate credit facilities was extended to February/March 2024. In March 2023, the subordinated Aker facility was increased with NOK 200 million to NOK 450 million.

## 05. AUDITOR'S REPORT

<!-- image -->

To the General Meeting of Akastor ASA

## Independent Auditor's Report

## Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements

## Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Akastor ASA, which comprise:

- the financial statements of the parent company Akastor ASA (the Company), which comprise the statement of financial position as at 31 December 2022, the income statement and statement of cash flow for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies, and
- the consolidated financial statements of Akastor ASA and its subsidiaries (the Group), which comprise the statement of financial position as at 31 December 2022, the income statement, statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and statement of cash flow for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

## In our opinion

- the financial statements comply with applicable statutory requirements,
- the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Company as at 31 December 2022, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Norwegian Accounting Act and accounting standards and practices generally accepted in Norway, and
- the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2022, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU.

Our opinion is consistent with our additional report to the Audit Committee.

## Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Company and the Group as required by relevant laws and regulations in Norway and the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants' International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) (IESBA Code), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

To the best of our knowledge and belief, no prohibited non-audit services referred to in the Audit Regulation (537/2014) Article 5.1 have been provided.

PricewaterhouseCoopers AS, Dronning Eufemias gate 71, Postboks 748 Sentrum, NO-0106 Oslo T: 02316, org. no.: 987 009 713 MVA, www.pwc.no

Statsautoriserte revisorer, medlemmer av Den norske Revisorforening og autorisert regnskapsførerselskap

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

We have been the auditor of the Company for one year from the election by the general meeting of the shareholders on 20 April 2022 for the accounting year 2022.

## Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

## Key Audit Matters

## Accuracy of Equity-accounted investees

Investments in the Joint Ventures (JV) HMH Holding B.V (HMH) and AKOFS Offshore AS (AKOFS) amounts to approximately 51% of the Group's total assets, and any year-on-year fluctuations in Akastor's share of the JV's booked results may amount to a significant part of the Group's total results. As such, accuracy in reporting Group management receives from JVs is of significance to the Group's financial statements.

See note 3 'Significant accounting policies', section 'Basis of consolidation' for significant accounting policies applied for investments in joint ventures. Information on the recognition and measurement of the JVs are disclosed in note 17 'Equity-accounted investees'.

## How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

We completed the Group audit plan based on our understanding of HMH and AKOFS, discussions with Akastor's management and collaboration with the component audit teams. We were involved in the component audit team's risk assessment, including the susceptibility of material misstatement due to fraud or error, and we reviewed their audit plan with regards to identified significant risks. We agreed with the component auditors on the materiality levels for their audit. Our involvement and communication, both written and otherwise, was extensive.

We obtained a sufficient understanding of the component audit firm and the engagement teams through meetings with them, prior experience with the component team, and frequent communication. They confirmed to us that they were independent.

To evaluate the sufficiency and appropriateness of audit evidence obtained by the component audit teams, we reviewed the received audit reporting, held meetings with the component audit teams and reviewed their audit documentation. Our procedures were focused on the audit of significant risks and the audit of the consolidation process and -journals. Through our involvement with the component auditors, we were able to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the components and the consolidation process to express an opinion on the Group's financial statements.

Finally, we considered the adequacy of disclosures in notes related to equity-accounted investees and found them to be appropriate.

<!-- image -->

## Valuation of Other Investments and Trade and Other Receivables

Other Investments and Trade and Other Receivables amount to approximately 24% of the Group's total assets. Management uses valuation techniques to estimate the fair value of Other Investments and the recoverability of Trade and Other Receivables.

These two line items are significant to the financial statements, and the carrying value is sensitive to management's use of judgment.

The substantial part of Other Investments is measured at fair value through other comprehensive income and is classified as level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. Trade and Other Receivables are measured at amortized cost less any impairment, if present.

See note 4 'Significant accounting estimates and judgements' for disclosures on Management's fair value measurement and Impairment of financial assets. The carrying value of Other Investments is specified in note 18 'Other Investments'. See note 20 'Trade and Other Receivables' for disclosure on trade and other receivables.

## Other Information

The Board of Directors and the Managing Director (management) are responsible for the information in the Board of Directors' report and the other information accompanying the financial statements. The other information comprises information in the annual report, but does not include the financial statements and our auditor's report thereon. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the information in the Board of Directors' report nor the other information accompanying the financial statements.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the Board of Directors' report and the other information accompanying the financial statements. The purpose is to consider if there is material inconsistency between the Board of Directors' report and the other information accompanying the financial statements and the financial statements or our knowledge

For Other Investments, we obtained the valuation model from management, evaluated the valuation method applied and tested the mathematical accuracy of the model. We agreed with management that the valuation model used was appropriate.

We challenged the key assumptions applied by management in the valuation model. Specifically, we discussed with management to challenge their view on EBITDA, peer groups, EV/EBITDA valuation multiples, assumed exit date and discount rate. We compared applied assumptions to budgets approved by management and to obtainable market information such as relevant benchmarks for enterprise value multiples and discount rates. We also tested data used in the model against relevant agreements. We found management's key assumptions to be reasonable.

For the substantial part of Trade and Other Receivables, composed of Other Receivables, we obtained management's valuation and held discussions with management to challenge their assessment of the impact on Other receivables of the dispute related to four terminated construction contracts with Jurong Shipyard.

To corroborate the valuation assessment, we obtained supporting documentation on key assumptions. We found that supporting documentation corroborated with the information presented.

Finally, we considered the adequacy of disclosures in notes for Other Investments and Trade and Other Receivables and found them to be appropriate.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

obtained in the audit, or whether the Board of Directors' report and the other information accompanying the financial statements otherwise appear to be materially misstated. We are required to report if there is a material misstatement in the Board of Directors' report or the other information accompanying the financial statements. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Based on our knowledge obtained in the audit, it is our opinion that the Board of Directors' report

- is consistent with the financial statements and
- contains the information required by applicable statutory requirements.

Our opinion on the Board of Director's report applies correspondingly to the statements on Corporate Governance and Corporate Social Responsibility.

## Responsibilities of Management for the Financial Statements

Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with the Norwegian Accounting Act and accounting standards and practices generally accepted in Norway, and for the preparation and true and fair view of the consolidated financial statements of the Group in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company's and the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern. The financial statements of the Company use the going concern basis of accounting insofar as it is not likely that the enterprise will cease operations. The consolidated financial statements of the Group use the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

## Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. We design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an

4 / 6

<!-- image -->

opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's and the Group's internal control.

- evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
- conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company's and the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company and the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves a true and fair view.
- obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Board of Directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with the Board of Directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

## Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements

Report on Compliance with Requirement on European Single Electronic Format (ESEF)

## Opinion

As part of the audit of the financial statements of Akastor ASA, we have performed an assurance engagement to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements included in the annual report, with the file name AKASTORASA\_ESEF\_2022-12-31, have been prepared, in all material respects, in compliance with the requirements of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU)

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

2019/815 on the European Single Electronic Format (ESEF Regulation) and regulation pursuant to Section 5-5 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act, which includes requirements related to the preparation of the annual report in XHTML format, and iXBRL tagging of the consolidated financial statements.

In our opinion, the financial statements, included in the annual report, have been prepared, in all material respects, in compliance with the ESEF regulation.

## Management's Responsibilities

Management is responsible for the preparation of the annual report in compliance with the ESEF regulation. This responsibility comprises an adequate process and such internal control as management determines is necessary.

## Auditor's Responsibilities

For a description of the auditor's responsibilities when performing an assurance engagement of the ESEF reporting, see: https://revisorforeningen.no/revisjonsberetninger

Oslo, 22 March 2023

PricewaterhouseCoopers AS

<!-- image -->

Anders Ellefsen State Authorised Public Accountant (Norway)

## 06. ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES

Akastor discloses alternative performance measures as a supplement to the consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS. Such performance measures are used to provide an enhanced insight into the operating performance, financing abilities and future prospects of the group. These measures are calculated in a consistent and transparent manner and are intended to provide enhanced comparability of the performance from period to period.  It is Akastor's experience that these measures are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties.

The definitions of these measures are as follows:

EBITDA earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization, corresponding to "Operating profit before depreciation, amortization and impairment" in the consolidated income statement.

EBIT earnings before interest and tax, corresponding to "Operating profit (loss)" in the consolidated income statement.

Capex and R&amp;D capitalization a measure of expenditure on PPE or intangible assets that qualify for capitalization.

Net current operating assets (NCOA) a  measure of working capital. It is calculated by current operating assets minus current operating liabilities, excluding financial assets or financial liabilities related to hedging activities.

Net capital employed a measure of all assets employed in the operation of a business. It is calculated by non-current assets and finance lease receivables (excluding non-current interest-bearing receivables) added by net current operating assets minus non-current operating liabilities (deferred tax liabilities, employee benefit obligations, other non-current liabilities and lease liabilities).

Gross debt sum of current and non-current borrowings, excluding lease liabilities.

Net debt gross debt minus cash and cash equivalents.

Net interest-bearing debt (NIBD) net debt minus non-current and current interest-bearing receivables.

Equity ratio a measure of investment leverage, calculated as total equity divided by total assets at the reporting date.

Liquidity reserve comprises cash and cash equivalents and undrawn committed credit facilities.

Order intake represents the estimated contract value from the contracts or orders that are entered into or committed in the reporting period.

Order backlog represents the remaining unearned contract value from the contracts or orders that are entered into or committed at the reporting date. The backlog does not include options on existing contracts, or contract value from short-cycled service orders.

The tables below show reconciliation of alternative performance measures to the line items in the financial statements according to IFRS.

## Net current operating assets (NCOA)

| Amounts in NOK million  2022  2021  Inventories  5  5  Trade and other receivables  769  872  Current operating assets  774  877  Current tax liabilities  (2)  (1)  Provisions, current  (31)  (20)  Trade and other payables  (498)  (625)  Current operating liabilities  (531)  (647)  Net current operating assets (NCOA)  243  231   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Net capital employed (NCE)

| Amounts in NOK million  2022  2021  Total non-current assets  5 497  6 025  Net current operating assets (NCOA)  243  231  Current investment  162  148  Current finance lease receivables  208  64  Non-current interest-bearing receivables  (668)  (315)  Deferred tax liabilities  (4)  (4)  Employee benefit obligations  (96)  (108)  Other non-current liabilities  (459)  (628)  Other current liabilities  (162)  (148)  Non-current provisions  (3)  (26)  Total lease liabilities  (85)  (155)  Net assets held for sale  11  -  Net capital employed (NCE)  4 645  5 084   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Gross debt/Net debt/NIBD

| Amounts in NOK million  2022  2021  Non-current borrowings  198  1 372  Current borrowings  1 142  16  Gross debt  1 340  1 387  Cash and cash equivalents  (119)  (89)  Net debt  1 220  1 299  Non-current interest-bearing receivables  (668)  (315)  Net interest-bearing debt (NIBD)  553  984   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Equity ratio

| Amounts in NOK million  2022  2021  Total equity  4 092  4 109  Divided by Total assets  6 804  7 212  Equity ratio  60%  57%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Liquidity reserve

| Amounts in NOK million  2022  2021  Cash and cash equivalents  119  89  Undrawn committed credit facilities  304  553  Liquidity reserve  423  642   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 07. BOARD OF DIRECTORS

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Frank O. Reite | Chairperson of the Board

Frank O. Reite is a Norwegian citizen, born in 1970. He first joined Aker in 1995 and held the position as CFO in Aker ASA from August 2015 until August 2019. Mr. Reite has previously held the position as President &amp; CEO of Akastor (up until 2015) and also held a variety of executive positions in the Aker group, including overseeing and developing Aker's investments in Converto Capital Fund AS, Havfisk ASA, Norway Seafoods AS and Aker Yards ASA. Mr. Reite also has experience from banking and served as Operating Director at Paine &amp; Partners, a New York-based private equity firm. Reite's current board positions include being chair of Converto AS, deputy chair of the board and chair of the audit committee in Aker ASA, chair of Norron AB, and director of Solstad  Offshore ASA.  He  holds  a  B.A.  in  business  administration  from  Norwegian  Business School BI in Oslo.

As of March 22, 2023, Mr. Reite holds, through a privately owned company, 200,000 shares in Akastor ASA and has no stock options. He is a Norwegian citizen and has been elected for the period 2022-2024.

Lone Fønss Schrøder | Deputy Chair

Lone Fønss Schrøder is CEO of Concordium AG, a global provider of blockchain technologies. She is vice-chair of Volvo Cars AB and chair of the audit committee, and director of Geely Sweden Holdings AB and Ingka Holding B.V. (Ikea Group). She has held several senior management and CEO positions in the A.P. Møller-Maersk group and became CEO and president of Wallenius Lines AB in 2005. Fønss Schrøder has board experience from Kværner ASA, Eukor Inc, Vattenfall AB, Yara ASA, Valmet OY and others. Fønss Schrøder holds an MSc in law from the University of Copenhagen and in economics from Copenhagen Business School in Denmark.

Ms. Fønns Schrøder serves as an independent director. As of March 22, 2023, she holds 4,400 shares in the company and has no stock options. She is a Danish citizen and has been elected for the period 2022-2024.

Svein Oskar Stoknes | Director

Svein Oskar Stoknes has been CFO at Aker ASA since August 2019. Prior to this, he served as CFO at Aker Solutions, where he joined in 2007 and was named CFO in 2014. Previously, Mr. Stoknes  held  a  range  of  senior  positions  within  finance  and  advisory  for  organizations  like Tandberg, Citigroup and ABB. He graduated from the Norwegian School of Management and has an MBA from Columbia Business School in New York.

As of March 22, 2023, Mr. Stoknes owns 1,297 shares and no stock options in the company. He is a Norwegian citizen and has been elected for the period 2022-2024.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Kathryn M. Baker | Director

Kathryn M. Baker has over 35 years of business experience in a broad range of industries and roles. She currently serves as Chairwoman of Terra Mater Renewable Investments, and board member  of  MPC  Energy  Solutions  and  Gaming  Innovation  Group  ASA  and  member  of  the Investment Committee of Norfund. Ms. Baker previously served on the Executive Board of the Central  Bank  of  Norway  (Norges  Bank),  the  European Advisory  Board  of  the  Tuck  School  of Business  and  the  Ethics  Committee  of  the  Norwegian  Private  Equity  and  Venture  Capital Association (NVCA), where she also previously served as Chairwoman. Ms. Baker was a partner at the Norwegian private equity firm Reiten &amp; Co for 15 years. Prior to that, she was a management consultant at McKinsey &amp; Company in Oslo and a financial analyst at Morgan Stanley in New York. Ms. Baker holds a bachelor's degree in economics from Wellesley College and an MBA from the Amos Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College.

As of March 22, 2023, she holds 45,683 shares in the company. Ms. Baker is an American citizen and has been elected for the period 2021-2023.

## Luis Antonio G. Araujo | Director

Luis Antonio G. Araujo has over 38 years of experience in the energy and oil &amp; gas industries. He was CEO of Aker Solutions from July 2014 to August 2020. Prior to his appointment as CEO, Mr. Araujo held the position as Regional President and Executive Vice-President for Aker Solutions in Brazil since November 2011 where he led a major turn-around of the local operations. Prior to his period with Aker Solutions, he was CEO of Wellstream in Brazil (currently part of Baker Hughes GE), and held several senior positions within ABB, FMC Technologies, Vetco Gray and Technip Coflexip. Mr. Araujo is currently an independent director and member of the board of Magseis Fairfield ASA listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange, and Chairperson of the board of OceanPact, a Brazilian company. Mr. Araujo holds a bachelor degree in Mechanical Engineering from Gama Filho University and an MBA from Edinburgh University.

Mr. Araujo serves as an independent director. As of March 22, 2023, Mr. Araujo holds no shares and no stock options in the company. He has triple citizenship; Brazilian, British and Portuguese and has been elected for the period 2021-2023.

## Henning Jensen | Director, Elected by the employees

Henning Jensen currently works as a Service Account Manager in DLS department at HMH. Mr. Jensen joined MHWirth in 2005. He has since then held various positions in the company. Mr. Jensen holds a bachelor degree in Marine Technology and a Master in Industrial Economy and Technology from Agder University College in Grimstad.

As of March 22, 2023, Mr. Jensen holds no shares or stock options in the company. Mr. Jensen is a Norwegian citizen and has been elected for the period 2021-2023.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Asle Christian Halvorsen | Director, Elected by the employees

Asle Christian Halvorsen currently works as Sales Manager in the Global Sales dept at HMH. He began his career with the Aker group in 2011 when he joined STEP Offshore. Mr. Halvorsen holds an Executive Master of Management from BI Norwegian Business School.

As of March 22, 2023, he holds 10,000 shares in the company. Mr. Halvorsen is a Norwegian citizen. He has been elected for the period 2021-2023.

Stian Sjølund | Director, Elected by the employees

Stian Sjølund currently works as Performance Optimization Engineer at HMH. Mr. Sjølund joined the Company in 1998 as an Engineer in Drilling Lifecycle Services department. He has since then held various positions in the company in Norway and abroad. Mr. Sjølund holds a technical college degree in electrical engineering from Grimstad Technical College.

As of March 22, 2023, he holds 10,000 shares in the company. Mr. Sjølund is a Norwegian citizen and has been elected for the period 2021-2023.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## 08. MANAGEMENT

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Karl Erik Kjelstad | CEO

Karl Erik joined Akastor in 2014, he has been part of the Aker group since 1998 and has numerous key  positions  including  various  CEO  positions.  Karl  Erik  has  held  several  board  positions  in different  industries,  including  oil  service,  offshore  drilling,  offshore  and  merchant  shipping, shipbuilding, IT services, real estate and construction industry. Karl Erik holds an MSc in Marine Engineering from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU) and an AMP from Harvard Business School.

As  of  March  22,  2023,  Kjelstad  holds  700,000  shares  in  Akastor  ASA  through  his  company Byesvollen AS.

Øyvind Paaske | CFO

Øyvind joined the investment team in Akastor as Investment Manager in 2014 and has held the position as CFO of Akastor from March 2020. Prior to this he was Investment Manager at Converto (Aker ASA). Øyvind holds an MSc in Financial Economics from the Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration (NHH) and UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School.

As of March 22, 2023, Paaske holds 135,083 shares in Akastor ASA.

## 09. COMPANY INFORMATION

## Reports on the Internet

The quarterly and annual reports of Akastor are available on the internet. Akastor  encourages its  shareholders  to  subscribe  to the company's annual reports via the electronic delivery system of the Norwegian Central securities Depository (VPS).  Please note  that  VPS  services  (VPS  Investortjenester)  are  designed primarily for Norwegian  shareholders.  Subscribers  to  this service  receive  annual  reports  in  PDF  format  by  email.  VPS distribution takes place at the same time as distribution of the printed version of Akastor's annual report to shareholders who have requested it. Quarterly reports, which are generally only distributed electronically, are available on the  company's website  and  other  sources.  Shareholders  who  are  unable  to receive the electronic version of interim reports may subscribe to the printed version by contacting Akastor's investor relations staff.

## Contact details

## Akastor ASA

Oksenøyveien 10, 1366 Lysaker, Norway PO Box 124, 1325 Lysaker, Norway +47 21 52 58 00 akastor.com

## HMH Norway

Butangen 20, 4639 Kristiansand, Norway PO Box 413 Lundsiden, 4604 Kristiansand, Norway +47 38 05 70 00

## Houston

3300 North Sam Houston Parkway East 77032 Houston, Texas, United States +1 281 449 2000 hmhw.com

## Copyright and Legal Notice

Copyright  in  all  published  material  including  photographs, drawings  and  images  in  this  publication  remains  vested  in Akastor  and  third  party  contributors  to  this  publication  as appropriate. Accordingly, neither the whole nor any part of this publication can be reproduced in any form without express prior permission.  Articles and opinions appearing in this publication do  not  necessarily  represent  the  views  of  Akastor.  While  all steps have been taken to ensure the accuracy of the published contents, Akastor  does  not  accept  any  responsibility  for  any errors  or  resulting  loss  or  damage  whatsoever  caused  and readers  have  the  responsibility  to  thoroughly  check  these aspects for themselves. Enquiries about reproduction of content from this publication should be directed to Akastor ASA.

## AKOFS Offshore

Karenslyst Allé 57, 0277 Oslo, Norway PO Box 244, 0213 Oslo, Norway +47 23 08 44 00 akofsoffshore.com

## AGR

Karenslyst allé 4, 0278 Oslo, Norway +47 24 06 10 00 agr.com

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->