<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## ASIAN MICRO HOLDINGS LIMITED

## Contents

- Corporate Information 1
- Corporate Profile 2
- Chairman's Message 4
- Board of Directors 6
- Key Management 9
- Financial Highlights 10
- Report on Corporate Governance 13
- Directors' Statement 38
- Independent Auditor's Report 42
- Balance Sheets 47
- Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 49
- Statements of Changes in Equity 50
- Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 53
- Notes to the Financial Statements 55
- Shareholders' Information 107
- Notice of Annual General Meeting Proxy Form 109

The Group continually explores innovative methods of introducing industrial consumers to the use of natural gas and energy saving methods.

This annual report has been prepared by the Company and its contents have been reviewed by the Company's sponsor ('Sponsor'), RHT Capital Pte. Ltd., for compliance with the relevant rules of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited ('SGX-ST').

This annual report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the contents of this annual report including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this annual report.

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms Bao Qing. - Registered Professional, 6 Raffles Quay, #24-02, Singapore 048580, sponsor@rhtgoc.com.

## Corporate Information

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS EXECUTIVE

Lim Kee Liew @ Victor Lim Chief Executive Officer and Group Managing Director

Ng Chee Wee Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer

## NON-EXECUTIVE

Cheah Wee Teong Independent Non-Executive Chairman

Chue Wai Tat Lead Independent Director

Lee Teck Meng Stanley Independent Director

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

Chue Wai Tat Chairman

Cheah Wee Teong Lee Teck Meng Stanley

## NOMINATING COMMITTEE

Cheah Wee Teong Chairman

Chue Wai Tat Lee Teck Meng Stanley

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Cheah Wee Teong Chairman

Chue Wai Tat Lee Teck Meng Stanley

## COMPANY SECRETARIES

Abdul Jabbar Bin Karam Din Toh Li Ping, Angela

## REGISTERED OFFICE

63 Hillview Avenue #08-01 Lam Soon Industrial Building

Singapore 669569 Tel: 6862 7777 / Fax: 6862 6277 Website: http://asianmicro.listedcompany.com/

## BANKERS

United Overseas Bank Limited DBS Bank Limited Malayan Banking Berhad Public Bank Berhad Hong Leong Bank Berhad

## SHARE REGISTRAR

B.A.C.S. Private Limited 77 Robinson Road #06-03 Robinson 77 Singapore 068896

## CONTINUING SPONSOR

RHT Capital Pte. Ltd. 6 Raffles Quay #24-02, Singapore 048580

## AUDITOR

Ernst &amp; Young LLP One Raffles Quay North Tower Level 18 Singapore 048583 Partner-in-charge: Philip Ling Soon Hwa (Date of appointment: Since financial year ended 30 June 2021)

<!-- image -->

## Corporate Profile

## Asian Micro Holdings Limited

(listed in the SGX-SESDAQ, now known as SGX-ST Catalist Board; since September 1999), are engaged in the provision of Compressed Natural Gas (' CNG ') supply and related products &amp; services, providing clean room grade plastic packaging bags and materials for packaging cleaned finished products in the hard disk drive and semiconductor industries, leasing of commercial properties and property development.

<!-- image -->

## Corporate Profile

The Group supplies CNG skids which are used for storing and transporting CNG to local industries for  gas  cutting,  heat  treatment  and  power generation. It can also be used for powering of natural gas engines and off-the-road vehicles. The Group continually explores innovative methods of introducing industrial consumers to  the  use  of  natural  gas  and  energy  saving methods. Our customers are from the oil and gas, marine and offshore, aviation, shipyard and manufacturing industries.

The Group has diversified its existing core business to include the investment in, trading of,  and development of residential, commercial, retail and industrial properties within Singapore an d  overseas  as  and  when  the  opportunities arise.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Chairman's Message

'On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am presenting the Annual Report and the Audited Financial Statements of Asian Micro Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries for the financial year ended 30 June 2022 ('FY2022').'

## Overview

The Group faced a challenging business environment in FY2022 and the unexpected surge in COVID-19 variants globally and outbreak of war between Russia and Ukraine have caused disruptions to global economic condition as well as volatile currency and oil price movements.

During the year, the Company entered into a conditional sale and purchase agreement (' SPA ') with the Vendors, who is Director and associates of the Director, to acquire ordinary shares of a Target Company representing 40.0% of the total issued share capital of the Target Company, based on the terms and conditions of the SPA. The SPA subsequently lapsed on 30 June 2022 (' Long Stop Date ') as not all Conditions have been satisfied. The Company also entered into a conditional novation and debt capitalisation agreement (' Debt Capitalisation Agreement ') with the Company's subsidiaries and the participating creditors for the

<!-- image -->

(i) novation; and (ii) proposed capitalisation and conversion of the participating debts. The Company agreed to, subject to the shareholders' approval, to allot and issue an aggregate of 40,349,506 new shares by way of conversion shares pursuant to the terms of the Debt Capitalisation Agreement.

The Group's consolidated revenue increased by $0.94 million from $3.83 million for the financial year ended 30 June 2021 (' FY2021 ') to $4.77 million in FY2022. The increase in revenue was mainly due to higher revenue generated from the manufacturing and trading and NGV related businesses by the Singapore subsidiaries.

A net loss of $0.17 million was recorded by the Group in FY2022 as compared to a net loss of $0.61 million in FY2021. This was mainly due to (i) higher revenue and gross profit generated for FY2022, (ii) lower unrealised exchange loss arising

## Chairman's Message

from recorded monetary balances denominated in foreign currencies and (iii) waiver of director's remuneration.

As at 30 June 2022, the Group's net tangible assets was $2.32 million, compared to $2.49 million as at 30 June 2021.

## Looking Ahead

As announced on 31 August 2022, the Company entered into a new SPA with the Vendors to acquire ordinary shares of a Target Company representing 30.0% of the total issued share capital of the Target Company, on the terms and conditions of the new SPA (' Proposed Acquisition '). In connection with the Proposed Acquisition, the Company was granted an option to acquire an additional 10.0% of the total issued share capital of the Target Company.

The Group's businesses are expected to remain challenging for the financial year ending 30 June 2023 (' FY2023 ') mainly due to global economic uncertainties as a result of the lingering impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and outbreak of war between Russia and Ukraine. Despite the challenging market condition in which the businesses operate, the Group continues to focus on its operational efficiency, cost control, cash conservation and ensuring sustainability of its existing businesses.

## Corporate Governance

The Group remains committed to maintain i t s   r e g i m e   o f   h i g h   sta n d a rds  of  corporate governance. It pledges to provide timely and accurate information through announcements and investor relations activities for the benefits of all stakeholders. Please refer to the Report on Corporate Governance set out on pages 13 to 37 for detailed disclosure on the Company's corporate governance practices.

## Appreciation

On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank all shareholders for their continued loyalty and support to the Company.

We also acknowledge the strong support of our customers, bankers and business associates of our Company in FY2022 and we are looking forward to your strong support to help us to achieve a better FY2023 and beyond.

Last, but not least, I would like to thank all staff and management for their dedicated services and support to the Group as we work together to overcome the unprecedent challenges.

## Mr. Cheah Wee Teong

Independent Non-Executive Chairman 28 September 2022

## Board Of Directors

<!-- image -->

## Board Of Directors

## 1. Mr. Lim Kee Liew @ Victor Lim

Mr. Lim Kee Liew @ Victor Lim was appointed as a Director of the Company on 18 February 1997. He is the Chief Executive Officer (' CEO ') since 15 August 2003 and Group Managing Director since 16 December 1999. He was appointed as the Executive Chairman since 24 October 2012 till 31 December 2021. He is the key founder of the Group and provides overall strategic direction and policy decisions of the Group. Prior to setting up the Group, Victor Lim was the Engineering Support Manager responsible for setting up several MNCs' Hard Disk Drive companies, namely Tandon (S) Pte Ltd, Computer Memories (Far East) Ltd and Micropolis Ltd from 1983 to 1989.

He has obtained several patents in the field of electronic energy saving ballasts and fluorescent lamps and has more than 30 years' experience in the electronic and hard disk drive industries and in real estate investment.

Victor Lim holds a Diploma in Production Engineering from Singapore Polytechnic, City and Guild Full Technological Certificate (Mechanical Engineering), Master of Business Administration (MBA) from Singapore Management University (SMU), Master of Science (Real Estate) from National University of Singapore (NUS) and Graduate Certificate in International Arbitration from NUS.

## 2. Mr. Ng Chee Wee

Mr. Ng Chee Wee joined the Group in August 2010 as Group Financial Controller and was appointed  as  an  Executive  Director  of  the Company on 6 May 2011 and re-designated as Chief Financial Officer (' CFO ') on 8 February 2017. He oversees the Group's finance, accounting,  treasury,  legal,  tax,  corporate secretarial,  regulatory  compliance and human resources functions.

Mr. Ng has more than 20 years' experience in the  accounting and finance fields for various industries.  He  holds  a  Diploma  with  Merit  in Accountancy from Ngee Ann Polytechnic in Singapore and completed the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) course in 2000. He is a Fellow member of the ACCA and a member of the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants (ISCA) and Singapore Institute of Directors (SID).

## 3. Mr. Cheah Wee Teong

Mr. Cheah Wee Teong was appointed as an Independent Director of the Company on 1 December 2015 and subsequently appointed as Independent Non-Executive Chairman of the Board on 1 January 2022. He is currently the Chairman of the Nominating and Remuneration Committees and a member of the Audit Committee. Mr. Cheah has more than 25 years of professional and commercial experience with globally recognised international public accounting and consulting firms, as well as multinational corporations based in the United States, Hong Kong and Singapore.

Mr. Cheah holds both Bachelor of Business Administration and Master of Professional Accounting degrees from the University of Texas at Austin, USA. He is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) and Singapore Institute of Directors (SID).

## Board Of Directors

## 4. Mr. Chue Wai Tat

Mr. Chue Wai Tat was appointed as an Independent Director of the Company on 6 July 2011 and subsequently appointed as the Lead Independent Director of the Company on 24 October 2012. He is currently the Chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Nominating and Remuneration Committees. He started his career with the Inland Revenue Department (now known as Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore) for 10 years before joining the private sector. He has accumulated more than 20 years of experience, mainly in senior finance position in MNC and GLC such as Group/ Regional/Controller of MNC (Universal Furniture, Seagate Technology, Asia Pacific Resources International Ltd) and VP Group Finance of Media Corporation of Singapore Pte Ltd, before retiring on 31 December 2009. Since March 2011, he has taken up retirement positions and is currently a Finance Manager with Venus Beauty Pte Ltd.

Mr. Chue holds a Bachelor of Social Science (Economics &amp; Political Science) (Hons) from the University of Singapore and is a Fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) and a member of the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants (ISCA).

## 5. Mr. Lee Teck Meng Stanley

Mr. Lee Teck Meng Stanley was appointed as a Non-Executive and Non-Independent Director of the Company on 24 August 2016 and redesignated as an Independent Director on 21 August 2018. He is a member of the Audit, Nominating and Remuneration Committees. Mr. Lee is currently the Managing Director of Royal Oaks Investment Pte Ltd. Previously, he held the position of the Deputy Director in the Development Office of Nanyang Technological University (NTU). Prior to joining NTU, he was a Director of RHT Strategic Advisory Pte Ltd and led the firm in the areas of mergers and acquisitions, deal and funding advisory. He was formerly the co-founder and Executive Director for a leading air-cargo supply chain services company and a trading representative with Maybank Kim Eng Securities and possesses more than 10 years of business management experience, in the areas of finance, operations, business development and strategic planning.

He holds a 1st Class Honours degree in Business Administration from the Plymouth University, UK and is aptly certified in the areas of securities dealing and analysis, corporate finance and financial advisory.

## Key Management

Mdm. Leong Lai Heng

<!-- image -->

Mdm. Leong Lai Heng is currently an advisor of the Company and is a Director of  the  subsidiaries of the Company. She is the spouse of Lim Kee Liew @ Victor Lim (CEO and Group Managing Director).

Mr. Phan Guo Yee

<!-- image -->

Mr. Phan Guo Yee is the Financial Controller of the Group and is responsible for overseeing the Group's accounting, financial and taxation functions. Mr. Phan has more than 10 years of experience in the auditing and accounting profession. Mr. Phan had completed the Association o f   C h a r t e r e d   C e r t i f i e d Accountants (ACCA) courses in 2009 and is a Fellow member of the ACCA and a member of the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants (ISCA).

Mr. Koh Lye Seng Eric

<!-- image -->

Mr. Koh Lye Seng Eric is the Chief Operating Officer of the Group and is responsible for the operation, and the development of CNG and LNG related projects and services. In addition, he was responsible for the operation of the clean room plastic packaging bags and materials for the hard disk drive industries. He has more than 5 years of experience in operations management. He holds a Diploma in Visual Communication from Nanyang Academy of Fine Arts.

## Financial Highlights

| 2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  RESULTS OF OPERATION  Revenue  4,593  4,460  3,958  3,832  4,773  (Loss)/profit from operations before taxation and  non-controlling interests ('NCI')  (641)  (246)  355  (606)  (162)  Taxation  (4)  (6)  (4)  (4)  (5)  Net (Loss)/profit from operations after taxation but  before NCI  (645)  (252)  351  (610)  (167)  Attributable to :  Owners of the Company  (609)  (242)  21  (605)  (173)  Non-controlling interests  (36)  (10)  330  (5)  6  FINANCIAL POSITION  Non-current assets  734  647  763  593  502  Current assets  3,186  2,981  3,035  3,450  3,447  Current liabilities  (2,169)  (1,739)  (1,978)  (1,452)  (1,554)  Net current assets  1,017  1,242  1,057  1,998  1,893  Non-current liabilities  (38)  (1)  (87)  (104)  (70)  REPRESENTING  Equity attributable to owners of the Company  1,595  1,799  1,588  2,326  2,156  Non-controlling interests  119  89  145  161  169  (LPS)/EPS after Taxation &amp; NCI (Singapore Cents)  (0.10)  (0.03)  0.002  (0.043)  (0.011)  NTA per Share (Singapore Cents)  0.25  0.18  0.16  0.16  0.15   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

REVENUE ($'000)

## Financial Highlights

<!-- image -->

NET (LOSS)/PROFIT FROM OPERATION ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE COMPANY ($'000)

| Singapore  Thailand  Philippines  Malaysia  2,661  1,817  280  15  4,773  REVENUE BY REGION IN FY2022 ($'000)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

REVENUE BY REGION IN FY2022

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| NGV related  Manufacturing and trading  Property  2,431  2,327  15  4,773  REVENUE BY BUSINESS ACTIVITIES IN FY2022 ($'000)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Achieve A Better Beyond

## Report on Corporate Governance

Asian Micro Holdings Limited (the ' Company ', and together with its subsidiaries, the ' Group ') recognises the importance of  corporate  governance and is committed to upholding high standards of corporate governance, and putting in place effective self-regulatory corporate practices to preserve and enhance long term shareholders' value.

This  report  outlines  the  Company's  corporate  governance  practices  with  specific  reference  to  the  Code  of  Corporate Governance 2018 (the ' Code '),  guideline  2.4  of  the  Code  of  Corporate  Governance  2012  which  is  applicable  prior  to 1  January 2022 (' 2012 Code '),  and  where  applicable,  the  Listing  Manual  Section  B:  Rules  of  Catalist  of  the  Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (' Catalist Rules '),  the  Companies Act 1967 of Singapore (' Companies Act ')  and the  Audit  Committee Guidance Committee Guidebook, focusing on areas such as internal controls, risk management, financial reporting, internal and external audits. The Company has complied in all material respects with the principles and provisions in the Code. Where there is any deviation from any provisions of the Code, an explanation has been provided in this report for the variation and how the practices adopted by the Group are consistent with the intent of the relevant principle. This report should be read in totality, rather than read separately under each principle of the Code.

## BOARD MATTERS

## Principle 1 Board's Conduct of its Affairs

The principal functions of the Board of Directors (the ' Board '), apart from its statutory responsibilities include:

- (a) approving  the  Group's  corporate  policies,  financial  objectives  and  direction  of  the  Group  and  monitoring performance of Management;
- (b) approving annual budgets, key operational issues, major funding and investment proposals;
- (c) setting overall strategies and supervision of the Group's businesses and affairs and consider sustainability issues as part of its strategic formulation;
- (d) setting the Company's ethical values and standards in which it conducts businesses, and ensure that these are adhered to and the obligations to shareholders and other stakeholders are understood and met;
- (e) reviewing the financial performance of the Group;
- (f) approving  nominations  of  Directors  and  appointment  to  the  various  Board  committees  and  key  management personnel (as defined in the Code);
- (g) approving the remuneration packages and/or service agreements for the Directors who have an executive role in  the  Company  and  other  key  management  personnel,  taking  into  consideration  the  recommendations  of  the Remuneration Committee (' RC '); and
- (h) assuming responsibility for corporate governance.

## Provision 1.1 - Director's conflict of interest

All Directors of the Board exercise due diligence and independent judgement in discharging their duties and responsibilities at all times as fiduciaries and act objectively in the interests of the Company.

All  Directors are required due care and to maintain the confidentiality of information entrusted to them by the Company and carry out their responsibilities in compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations.

The Company has in place an internal Code of Best Practices on Securities Transactions (' Securities  Transactions Code ') that the Company's Directors and its officers must not trade in its securities within the 'closed' window period or deal with its securities on short-term considerations as well as while they are in possession of non-public materially pricesensitive or trade-sensitive information.

## Report on Corporate Governance

Directors facing conflicts of interest are required to recuse themselves from discussions and decisions involving the issues of conflict. They are also required to avoid situations in which their own personal or business interests directly or indirectly conflict, or appear to conflict, with the interests of the Group. Where a Director has a conflict of interest, or it appears that he might have a conflict of interest, in relation to any matter, he is required to declare such interest at a meeting of the Directors (or in written resolutions to be passed), and recuse himself from participating in any discussion and decision on the matter. Where relevant, the Directors have complied with such requirement, and such compliance is duly recorded in the minutes of meeting and/or Directors' Resolutions in writing.

## Provision 1.2 - Induction and training of Directors

A  formal  letter  of  appointment  is  provided  to  all  new  Directors.  The  letter  indicates  the  amount  of  time  commitment required and the scope of duties. The Company welcomes the Directors to request for further explanations, briefings or  informal  discussions on any aspect of the Company's operations or businesses from Management. Newly appointed Directors, if any, will receive appropriate training and orientation programmes to familiarise themselves with the operations of  the  Company and its major business processes. The Company will also make the necessary arrangements for any director to attend additional appropriate training courses so as to familiarise themselves with the roles and responsibilities as a director of a listed company in Singapore, if required.

The Company did not appoint any new Director and/or first-time Director during the financial year ended 30 June 2022 (' FY2022 ').

Management monitors changes to regulations and accounting standards closely. To keep pace with accounting, legal, industry specific knowledge and regulatory changes, where these changes have an important bearing on the Company or Directors' disclosure obligations, Directors are briefed either during Board meetings or at specially convened sessions. All existing and new Directors are also encouraged to attend relevant courses, conferences and seminars at the Company's expense.

Pursuant to Rule 720(6) of the Catalist Rules effective 1 January 2022, all Directors of the Company must undergo training on sustainability matters as prescribed by the SGX-ST. If the Nominating Committee (' NC ') is of the view that training is not required because the Director has expertise in sustainability matters, the basis of its assessment must be disclosed. The Company is required to confirm in its sustainability report  for  the  financial  year  ending  30  June  2023  that  all  its Directors have attended the mandatory training on sustainability. Accordingly, the Company is in the midst of arranging for its Directors to attend the mandatory training on sustainability training by 30 June 2023.

## Provision 1.3 - Matters requiring Board's approval

The types of material transactions that require board approval include, but are not limited to, the following:

- (a) Approval of financial statements' announcements and audited financial statements;
- (b) Approval of interested person transactions;
- (c) Convening of shareholders' meetings;
- (d) Declaration of interim dividends and proposal of final dividends;
- (e) Approval of corporate strategy;
- (f) Authorisation of merger and acquisition transactions;
- (g) Authorisation of major transactions; and
- (h) Establishment of the various Board Committees (including its composition and terms of reference).

In addition, the matters set out in item 9 of Appendix 7A of the Catalist Rules (as may be amended from time to time) shall also be reserved for the Board's decision.

## Report on Corporate Governance

## Provision 1.4 - Delegation by the Board

The Board discharges its responsibilities either directly or indirectly through the various Board committees established by the Board, namely the Audit Committee (' AC '), NC and RC. The Board delegates the formulation of business policies and day-to-day management to the Chief Executive Officer (' CEO ').

Each Board Committee reports to the Board and has its own written terms of reference and whose actions are reported to  and  monitored by the Board. The written terms of reference of each Board Committee set out the relevant authority delegated by the Board for such committee to make decisions. These terms of reference also set out the conduct of meetings  including  quorum,  voting  requirements  and  qualifications  for  Board  Committees'  membership.  Each  Board Committee will review its term of reference from time to time to ensure relevance. Board approval is required for any changes to the terms of reference for any Board Committee.

The Board acknowledges that while each Board Committee is authorised to decide or provide its recommendations on particular issues, the ultimate responsibility for the decisions on all matters lies with the Board.

| Name of Director  Position  Date of  Appointment  Date of last  re-election  Board Committee  Membership  AC  NC  RC  Cheah Wee Teong  Independent Non-  Executive Chairman and  Independent Director (1)  1 December 2015  23 October 2020  Member  Chairman  Chairman  Lim Kee Liew @  Victor Lim  CEO and Group Managing  Director (1)  18 February 1997  22 October 2021  -  -  -  Ng Chee Wee  Executive Director and  Chief Financial Officer  ('  CFO  ')  6 May 2011  23 October 2020  -  -  -  Chue Wai Tat  Lead Independent Director  6 July 2011  22 October 2021  Chairman  Member  Member  Lee Teck Meng  Stanley  Independent Director  24 August 2016  18 October 2019  Member  Member  Member   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Mr. Cheah Wee Teong, Independent Director, was appointed as the Independent Non-Executive Chairman in place of Mr. Lim Kee Liew @ Victor Lim who resigned as the Executive Chairman of the Company with effect from 1 January 2022. Following of Mr. Lim Kee Liew @ Victor Lim's resignation, he remained as the CEO and Group Managing Director.

No alternate Director was appointed to the Board during FY2022.

## Provision 1.5 - Board processes, including Directors' attendance at meetings

The Board meets regularly, both formally and informally, and as frequent as warranted by particular circumstances. Adhoc meetings are convened as and when required.  The Company's Constitution and/or written terms of reference allows Board and Board Committee meetings to be conducted by way of telephone or video conference and other similar means of communication whereby all persons participating in the meeting are able to communicate as a group, without requiring the  Directors'  physical  presence  at  the  meeting.  The  Board  and  Board  Committees  may  also  make  decisions  through circulating resolutions.

## Report on Corporate Governance

The number of Board and Board Committee meetings and general meetings, i.e. annual general meeting (' AGM '),  held from 1 July 2021 to 30 June 2022, as well as the attendance of every Board member at these meetings are disclosed in the table below:

| AGM  Board Meeting  AC  NC  RC  No. of meetings held:  1  2  2  1  1  Name of Directors:  Cheah Wee Teong  1  2  2  1  1  Lim Kee Liew @ Victor Lim  1  2  -  -  -  Ng Chee Wee  1  2  -  -  -  Chue Wai Tat  1  2  2  1  1  Lee Teck Meng Stanley  1  2  2  1  1   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Provision 1.6 - Complete, adequate and timely information

Board members are provided with adequate and timely information prior to Board meetings, and on an ongoing basis to enable them to make informed decisions to discharge their duties and responsibilities.

The Executive Directors and Management keep the Board informed of the Group's business and performance through regular updates and reports as well as through informal discussions. In order to ensure that the Board is able to discharge its  responsibilities  effectively,  detailed  Board  Committee/Board  papers  are  prepared  for  each  Board  Committee/Board meeting and are distributed to the relevant Directors at least three working days prior to the meeting, save in the case of  any  ad  hoc  or  urgent  meeting.  The  Board  papers  include  sufficient  information  on  financial,  business  and  corporate issues from Management to enable Directors to be properly informed on issues to be considered at Board Meetings. The Executive Directors and Management are present at Board and Board Committee meetings to address any queries that the Board may have.

Any additional material or information requested by the Directors is promptly furnished. The Board has separate and independent access to the Company's senior management and the Joint Company Secretaries to address any enquiries at all times.

## Provision 1.7 - Company Secretaries and independent professional advice

Directors have separate and independent access to the Joint Company Secretaries. The Joint Company Secretaries or their  representative(s)  attend  and  prepare  minutes  for  all  Board  meetings  and  are  responsible  for  ensuring  that  Board procedures are followed. The Joint Company Secretaries ensure that the Company complies with the requirements of the Companies Act. Together with the Management of the Company, the Joint Company Secretaries are responsible for compliance with all other SGX-ST rules and regulations, which are applicable to the Company.

Under the Constitution of the Company, the appointment or the removal of the Company Secretary are subject to the Board's approval.

In addition, the Board may seek independent professional advice as and when necessary in furtherance to discharge its duties and responsibilities effectively. The costs of such professional advice will be borne by the Company.

## Report on Corporate Governance

## Principle 2 Board Composition and Guidance

The current composition of the Directors in the Board is set out as follows:

## Executive Directors

Mr. Lim Kee Liew @ Victor Lim (CEO and Group Managing Director)

Mr. Ng Chee Wee (Executive Director and CFO)

## Independent Directors

Mr. Cheah Wee Teong (Independent Non-Executive Chairman)

Mr. Chue Wai Tat (Lead Independent Director)

Mr. Lee Teck Meng Stanley

Key information on the Directors is set out below and on pages 6 to 8 of this Annual Report.

## Provisions 2.1 and 4.4 - Directors' independence review

An 'independent' Director is independent in conduct, character and judgement, and has no relationship with the Company, its  related  corporations,  its  substantial  shareholders  or  its  officers  that  could  interfere,  or  be  reasonably  perceived  to interfere, with the exercise of the Director's independent business judgement in the best interests of the Company.

The Board, with the concurrence of the NC, had adopted a declaration of independence pursuant to provision 2.1 of the Code and Rules 406(3)(d) of the Catalist Rules (' Confirmation of Independence ').

Based on the Confirmation of Independence submitted by the Independent Directors and the results of the NC's review, the NC was of the view that each Independent Director is independent in accordance with both Catalist Rules and the Code. Further details on the review of Directors' independence by the NC are set out in Provision 4.4 below.

Provisions 2.2 and 2.3 - Composition of (i) Independent Director and (ii) Non-Executive Directors on the Board

The Board comprises two Executive Directors and three Non-Executive Directors, all of whom are independent.

No individual or select group of individuals dominates the Board's decision-making process as a majority of the Board (60%) is made up of Independent Directors. Accordingly, there is a strong and independent element on the Board and the Company complies with provisions 2.2 and 2.3 of the Code.

## Provision 2.4 - Composition of the Board and Board Committees, and Board Diversity Policy

The Company is committed to building a diverse, inclusive and collaborative culture. It recognises that a diverse Board of  an  appropriate  size  is  an  important  element  which  will  better  pave  the  way  for  the  Company  to  achieve  its  strategic objectives for sustainable development, avoid groupthink and foster constructive debate. A diverse Board also enhances decision-making process through the perspectives derived from differentiating skillsets, business experience, industry discipline,  gender,  age,  ethnicity  and  culture,  geographical  background  and  nationalities,  tenure  of  service  and  other distinguishing qualities of the Directors.

Each  year,  the  NC  reviews  the  size  and  composition  of  the  Board  and  Board  Committees  and  the  skills  and  core competencies of its members to ensure an appropriate balance and mix of skills, knowledge, experience and gender, with a strong element of independence.

Pursuant to provision 2.4 of the Code, the Board has adopted a Board Diversity Policy (' Policy ').  Having  regard to the guidelines  in  the  Policy,  the  NC  will,  take  into  account,  including  but  not  limited  to  gender,  age,  nationality,  ethnicity, cultural  background,  educational  background,  experience,  skillsets,  knowledge,  independence  and  length  of  service, in  reviewing  the  Board's  composition.  These  differentiating  factors  will  be  considered  in  determining  the  optimum composition of the Board and when possible, will be balanced appropriately.

## Report on Corporate Governance

Any  external  search  consultants,  if  required,  engaged  to  assist  the  Board  or  the  NC  to  search  for  candidates  for appointment to the Board will be specifically directed to include diverse candidates from diverse background and female candidates. The decision on the selection of Director(s) to be appointed on the Board will ultimately be based on merit, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity balanced with the needs of the Board.

The NC is of the view that the current Board and its committees comprise Directors who, have the appropriate mix of diversity,  expertise  and  experience,  and  collectively  possess  the  necessary  core  competencies  for  effective  functioning and informed decision-making. Information on the individual Directors' academic, professional qualifications, background and other appointment are set out in the 'Board of Directors' section on pages 6 to 8 of the Annual Report.

The Board, through the NC, has reviewed its composition of Directors and is satisfied that the current composition is appropriate for the nature and scope of the Group's operations, the requirements of the business and facilitates effective decision-making. The Board will constantly examine its size, with the view to determine its impact upon its effectiveness and without causing undue disruptions from changes to the composition of the Board and board committees. The Board should not be so large as to be unwieldy.

The Board, with the concurrence of the NC, is of the view that its current structure and size, consisting of five Directors is appropriate, taking into account the nature and scope of the operations and current financial positions of the Group.

Members of the Board are constantly in touch with the Management to provide advice and guidance on strategic issues and on matters for which their expertise will be constructive to the Group.

The NC will review the Policy from time to time as appropriate, to ensure the effectiveness of this Policy. The NC will also discuss any revisions that may be required, and recommend any such revisions to the Board for consideration and approval.

## Provision 2.5 - Role of the Non-Executive Directors

The Non-Executive Directors of the Company (including, for avoidance of doubt, the Independent Directors) constructively challenge  and  help  develop  proposals  on  strategy  and  review  the  performance  of  Management  in  meeting  agreed goals and objectives and monitor the reporting of the Group's business and financial performance. When challenging Management's proposals or decisions, they bring independent judgement to bear on business activities and transactions involving conflicts of interest and/or other complexities.

All the Independent Directors, led by the Lead Independent Director, meet frequently without the presence of the Executive Directors and other Non-Independent Directors to discuss matters of significance which findings, if any, are then reported to the Chairman of the Board accordingly.

The  Independent  Directors  are  also  in  frequent  contact  with  one  another  outside  the  Board  and  Board  Committees' meetings and hold constant informal discussions amongst themselves. Any feedback would be provided to the Board and/or Chairman of the Board as appropriate.

## Principle 3 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

## Provisions 3.1 and 3.2 - Chairman and CEO

Mr.  Lim  Kee  Liew  @  Victor  Lim  currently  assumes  the  role  of  the  CEO.  Mr.  Cheah  Wee  Teong  was  appointed  as  the Independent Non-Executive Chairman in place of Mr. Lim Kee Liew @ Victor Lim who resigned as the Executive Chairman with effect from 1 January 2022, to keep the roles of the Chairman and the CEO separate to ensure a clear division of responsibilities,  balance  of  power  and  authority,  increased  accountability  and  greater  capacity  for  independent  decision making at the Board and Management levels.

## Report on Corporate Governance

As the Chairman, Mr. Cheah Wee Teong bears responsibility for the conduct of the Board. The responsibilities of the Chairman include:

- (a) leading the Board to ensure its effectiveness on all aspects of its role and promoting a culture of openness and debate at the Board;
- (b) setting agenda and scheduling meetings with adequate time that enable the Board to perform its duties responsibly while not interfering with the flow of the Company's operations;
- (c) exercising control over quality, quantity and timeliness of the flow of information between Management and the Board;
- (d) assisting to ensure compliance with the Company's guidelines on corporate governance;
- (e) encouraging effective communication with shareholders;
- (f) facilitating the effective contribution of Independent Directors; and
- (g) encouraging constructive relations within the Board and between the Board and Management.

As the CEO, Mr. Lim Kee Liew @ Victor Lim is responsible for the day-to-day operations of the Group. He plays an instrumental role in  charting  the  direction  and  strategic  development  of  the  Group  and  formulates  business  strategies, merger and acquisition initiatives  and  promoting  high  standards  of  corporate  governance  with  Mr.  Ng  Chee  Wee,  an Executive Director of the Company.

Mr. Cheah Wee Teong and Mr. Lim Kee Liew @ Victor Lim do not have any familial relationship.

## Provision 3.3 - Lead Independent Director

In line with the provision of the Code, Mr. Chue Wai Tat was appointed as the Lead Independent Director of the Company on 24 October 2012. The Lead Independent Director will lead and coordinate the activities of the Independent Directors and serve as a principal liaison on Board issues between the Independent Directors and the Chairman of the Board and aids the Independent Directors: (i) on constructive discussion with Management; (ii) to assist Management in developing goals and objectives; and (iii) to review and monitor Management performance.

Led by the Lead Independent Director, the Independent Directors meet periodically without the presence of other Directors. The Lead Independent Director is available to shareholders who have concerns when contact through the normal channels of the Chairman and CEO, Executive Directors or CFO, has failed to resolve or for which such contact is inappropriate.

## Principle 4 Board Membership

Provisions 4.1 and 4.2 - NC's duties and composition

The NC comprises three Directors, all of whom, including the Chairman, are Independent Directors. The members are:

Mr. Cheah Wee Teong

- NC Chairman

Mr. Chue Wai Tat

- NC Member

Mr. Lee Teck Meng Stanley

- NC Member

The Lead Independent Director, Mr. Chue Wai Tat, is a member of the NC.

## Report on Corporate Governance

The principal functions of the NC and the activities it has undertaken for FY2022 are:

- (a) to view Board succession plans for Directors, in particular, the appointment and/or replacement of the Chairman of the Board, the CEO and key management personnel;
- (b) to identify candidates, review nominations for both appointment and re-appointment/re-election of the Directors to the Board for its approval;
- (c) to review the Board structure and size including the composition of the Board generally and the balance between Executive  and  Non-Executive  Directors  (including  Independent  Directors)  appointed  to  the  Board,  and  make recommendations to the Board with regard to any adjustments that are deemed necessary;
- (d) to review the independence of each Director annually;
- (e) to  assess  the  effectiveness  of  the  Board  Committees  and  the  Board  as  a  whole,  and  the  contribution  by  each Director to the effectiveness of the Board;
- (f) to review training and professional development programmes for the Board;
- (g) to decide how the performance of the Board may be evaluated and to propose objective performance criteria;
- (h) to report to the Board its findings from time to time on matters arising and requiring the attention of the NC; and
- (i) to undertake such other reviews, projects, functions, duties and responsibilities as may be requested by the Board.

## Provision 4.3 - Process for selection and appointment of new Directors

In the event the Board decides to appoint a new Director, the process for the selection and appointment are as follows:

- (a) the Management search and nominate candidates/nominees for appointment;
- (b) the  NC  review  Management's  nomination  for  appointment  of  new  Director  by  taking  into  consideration  of  the candidates'/nominees' background, experience, other board memberships and whether he/she is independent; and
- (c) the NC makes appropriate recommendations to the Board for approval.

In  its  search  and  nomination  process  for  new  Directors,  the  Management/NC  has,  at  its  disposal,  search  companies, personal  contacts  and  recommendations,  to  cast  it  net  as  wide  as  possible  for  the  right  candidates,  taking  into consideration, the criteria set out in (b) above. The Board will review the recommendations and approve the appointment(s) as  appropriate.  Any  appointment(s)  to  Board  Committees  would  be  reviewed  and  approved  at  the  same  time.  Such appointment(s)  would  be  formalised  by  circular  resolutions  and  the  requisite  announcement  and  notification  to  the relevant authorities. Where and when required, the Company may also appoint professional search firms and recruitment consultants to assist in the selection and evaluation process if the appointment involves specific skill sets or industry specialisation.

No external search consultant was engaged and there was no new Director appointed during FY2022.

## Provision 4.3 - Process for re-election/re-appointment of Directors

In  accordance with Articles  88  and  89  of  the  Company's  Constitution,  new  Directors  must  submit  themselves  for  reelection  at  the  next  AGM  of  the  Company  and  one-third  of  the  Directors  who  are  eligible  for  re-election  must  retire  by rotation at every AGM. The Directors of the Company submit themselves for re-nomination and re-election at the regular intervals at least once every 3 years.

Effective 1 January 2022, Rule 406(3)(d)(iii) of the Catalist Rules provides that a Director will not be independent if he has been a Director for an aggregate period of more than nine (9) years (whether before or after listing) and his continued appointment as an Independent Director has not been sought and approved in separate resolutions by (A) all shareholders; and (B) shareholders, excluding the Directors and CEO of the issuer, and associates of such Directors and CEO (the ' Two-

## Report on Corporate Governance

Tier Voting '). For the purpose of the resolution referred to in (B), the Directors and CEO of the issuer, and their respective associates, must not accept appointment as proxies unless specific instructions as to voting are given. Such resolutions approved by a Two-Tier Voting may remain in force until the earlier of the following: (X) the retirement or resignation of the Director; or (Y) the conclusion of the third AGM of the issuer following the passing of the resolutions.

During FY2022, Mr. Chue Wai Tat had served as Independent Director of the Company for a period exceeding nine years from the date of his appointment. The Board had conducted a rigorous review of the independence of Mr. Chue Wai Tat  to  determine  if  he  remains  independent  and  carries  out  his  duties  objectively,  taking  into  consideration  the  need for  progressive  refreshing  of  the  Board.  The  Board  noted  that  he  is  not  a  member  of  the  Management  and  is  free  of relationship with the Company, its related companies, officers or its substantial shareholders of the Company that could interfere with his independent judgement or ability to act in the interest of the Company.

The Board had also observed the performance of Mr. Chue Wai Tat at Board meetings and other occasions and has no reasons to doubt his independence in the course of discharging his duties as a Director. Hence, the Board concurred with the NC's view that he is independent in character and judgement despite having been on the Board for more than nine years. Mr. Chue Wai Tat regularly expressed his individual viewpoints, debated issues and objectively scrutinised and challenged the Management. He has also on various occasions, taken the initiative to seek clarification and amplification as they deemed required.

Pursuant to Transitional Practice Note 2 Transitional Arrangements Regarding Code of Corporate Governance 2018 of the Catalist Rules which is effective from 1 January 2022 (' Transitional Practice Note 2 '), to ensure that the independence designation  of  a  Director  who  has  served  for  more  than  9  years  as  at  and  from  1  January  2022  is  not  affected,  the Company had sought and obtained approvals from shareholders under the Two-Tiered Voting at the AGM of the Company for the financial year ended 30 June 2021 which was held on 22 October 2021, for the continued appointment of Mr. Chue Wai Tat. In accordance with Rule 406(3)(d)(iii) of the Catalist Rules, such approvals will remain valid until the conclusion of the third AGM from such approvals.

When considering the Directors to be nominated for re-election, the NC will evaluate the performance of the Director by considering amongst other things, his or her attendance record at meetings of the Board and Board Committees, level of preparedness, intensity of participation and candour at these meetings and the quality of his or her contributions.

The NC had recommended to the Board the re-election of the following Directors pursuant to Article 89 of the Constitution at the forthcoming AGM:

- (i) Mr. Ng Chee Wee; and
- (ii) Mr. Lee Teck Meng Stanley.

In recommending the re-election of the incumbent Directors, the Board, with the concurrence of the NC, had considered the  attendance  and  participation  by  (i)  Mr.  Ng  Chee  Wee  and  (ii)  Mr.  Lee  Teck  Meng  Stanley  at  Board  and  Board Committees' meetings as well as Board processes, in particular, Mr. Ng Chee Wee's contributions to the business and operations of the Company and taken into account Mr. Lee Teck Meng Stanley's track record, experience and capabilities to, amongst others, provide insight and guidance to the Group's business and strategies.

All the retiring Directors have consented to continue in office and the Board had accepted the recommendation of the NC and accordingly, the above Directors will be offering themselves for re-election. Mr. Ng Chee Wee and Mr. Lee Teck Meng Stanley had abstained from making recommendations on their own nominations.

The information relating to Mr. Ng Chee Wee and Mr. Lee Teck Meng Stanley as required under Rule 720(5) of the Catalist Rules is set out on pages 35 to 37 of the Annual Report.

## Guideline 2.4 of the 2012 Code and Provision 4.4 of the Code - Review of Directors' independence

The NC determines the independence of each Director annually. Each Independent Director is required to complete a Confirmation of Independence form annually to confirm his independence, which is deliberated upon by the NC and the Board. The NC will then review the form completed by each Independent Director to determine whether the Director is independent.

## Report on Corporate Governance

The Board reviews and determines whether each Director is independent, taking into account the views of the NC and any existence of relationship or circumstances, including those identified in the Code and the Catalist Rules, that are relevant in its determination as to whether a Director is independent.

The NC had considered the Confirmation of Independence forms submitted by Mr. Cheah Wee Teong, Mr. Chue Wai Tat and Mr. Lee Teck Meng Stanley and concluded that they are independent and free from any relationships outlined in the Code.

Mr. Lee Teck Meng Stanley is the nephew of Mr. Lim Kee Liew @ Victor Lim (the CEO and Group Managing Director) and his spouse, Mdm. Leong Lai Heng (a Controlling Shareholder and a Director of the subsidiaries of the Company). In the current or immediate past financial year, he has not been engaged by the Company for any provision of strategic advisory services and is free from any relationship with the Company, its related corporations, its substantial shareholders and its officers that could interfere or be reasonably perceived to interfere, with his exercise of independent business judgement with a view to the best interests of the Company. The NC undertakes a rigorous review of the independence of Mr. Lee Teck Meng Stanley, taking into account, his contributions and objective judgements without vested interest or conflict of interest at the Board and Board Committees' meetings, circumstances and the substance of his independence. For good corporate governance, Mr. Lim Kee Liew @ Victor Lim had also abstained and recused himself from participating from all discussions on the review of independence of Mr. Lee Teck Meng Stanley.

Mr.  Chue Wai Tat has served on the Board for a period exceeding nine years from the date of his first appointment. The NC had conducted a rigorous review of his independence and contributions to the Board to determine if he still remain independent and carry out his duties objectively, taking into account the need for progressive refreshing of the Board. The review included but was not limited to the completion of a detailed questionnaire of his independence with a mixture of close-ended and open-ended questions in respect of whether there are any conflicts of interest or relationship that is/are likely to affect his independence; whether he continues to express his views objectively and seek clarification and amplification when deemed necessary; whether he continues to debate issues objectively; whether he continues to scrutinise and challenge Management on important issues raised at meetings and whether he is able to bring judgement to bear in the discharge of his duties as a Board member and committee member. The questionnaire was completed by Mr. Chue Wai Tat.

The Board had observed the performance of Mr. Chue Wai Tat at Board meetings and other occasions and has no reasons to doubt his independence in the course of discharging his duties. Hence, the Board concurred with the NC's view that he  is  independent  in  character  and  judgement  despite  having  been  on  the  Board  for  more  than  9  years.  The  Board acknowledges his combined strength of characters, objectivity and wealth of useful and relevant experience bring himself to  continue  effectively  as  an  Independent  Director  of  the  Company.  The  Board  also  acknowledges  and  recognises  the benefits of the experience and stability brought by the long-serving Independent Director and wishes to retain him for his strength of character, objectivity and wealth of extensive business experience, and his knowledge on the Group's business which would enable him to be an effective Independent Director, notwithstanding his long tenure.

Each  of  the  Independent  Director  had  recused  themselves  from  the  NC's  and  Board's  deliberations  on  their  own independence.

## Provision 4.5 - Directors' time commitments and multiple Directorships

The NC determines if a Director is able to and has been adequately carrying out his duties as Director of the Company, taking into consideration the Director's number of listed company board representations and other principal commitments.

None of the Directors of the Company has any other listed company board representation for FY2022. The principal commitment of the Directors, if any, is set out in the 'Board of Directors' section in this Annual Report. When concern arises  that  Directors  have  multiple  board  representations  and  other  principal  commitments  which  may  compromise the sufficiency  of  time  and  attention  to  be  given  to  the  affairs  of  the  Company,  the  Board  will  deliberate  and  decide  the maximum number of listed company board representing which any Director may hold, and disclose the same in the Company's annual report.

## Report on Corporate Governance

## Principle 5 Board Performance

Provisions 5.1 and 5.2 - Assessments of the Board, Board Committees and individual Directors

The Board has implemented a process carried out by the NC, for assessing the effectiveness of the Board as a whole and individual Directors on an annual basis. In evaluating the Board's, Board Committees' and self-assessment of each individual  Director's  performance,  the  NC  considers  a  comprehensive  set  of  quantitative  and  qualitative  performance criteria that has been approved by the Board.

For FY2022, the performance evaluation on the effectiveness of the Board as a whole was carried out to assess and evaluate amongst other things, the (A) Board's composition, (B) Board Information, (C) Board Process, Internal Control &amp; Risk Management, (D) Board Accountability, (E) CEO / Top Management, and (F) Standards of Conduct.

The NC has also conducted an assessment on the self-assessment of each individual Director where each Director is required to  complete his self-evaluation based on the (1) Understanding of Company's mission, vision and values; (2) Corporate governance knowledge; (3) Business development efforts; (4) Training attendance; (5) Met targets set by Board (for Executive Director only) or maintenance of independence (for Independent Director only) and/or devotion of sufficient time (for Non-Executive Director only) as well as his contributions and focus areas.

The Chairman of the respective Board Committees are also required to complete a questionnaire on the effectiveness of these Board Committees.

The  completed  assessments/questions  are  submitted  to  the  Company  Secretary  for  collation  and  the  consolidated responses  and  findings  are  analysed  and  discussed  at  the  NC  meeting  before  submitting  to  the  Board  for  further discussion with a view to implementing certain recommendations to further enhance the effectiveness of the Board and the Board Committees.

The  NC  was  generally  satisfied  with  the  results  of  the  evaluation  for  the  performance  of  the  (i)  Board,  (ii)  individual Directors and (iii) respective Board Committees, for FY2022 which indicated areas of strengths and those that could be improved further. No significant problems were identified. The NC had discussed the results with Board members and/ or the respective Board Committees, who agreed to work on those areas that could be improved further. The NC would continue to evaluate the process for such review and its effectiveness from time to time.

To improve the Board's performance, the NC encourages all Directors to attend relevant courses, the expense of which will be borne by the Company. These include courses conducted by the SGX-ST and other relevant courses in Singapore. The NC is also supportive of any Directors who wish to attend any diploma or certified courses such as those organised by the Singapore Institute of Directors.

To-date, no external facilitator has been used.

## REMUNERATION MATTERS

## Principle 6 Procedures for Developing Remuneration Policies

Provisions 6.1 and 6.2 - RC's duties and composition

The RC comprises three Directors, all of whom, including the Chairman, are Independent Directors. The members are:

Mr. Cheah Wee Teong

- RC Chairman

Mr. Chue Wai Tat

- RC Member

Mr. Lee Teck Meng Stanley

- RC Member

The RC is of the view that its current size is appropriate, taking into account the nature and scope of the operations and current financial positions of the Group.

## Report on Corporate Governance

The principal responsibilities of the RC and the activities it has undertaken for FY2022 are:

- (a) to review and recommend to the Board an appropriate and competitive framework of remuneration for the Board and key management personnel of the Group to attract, retain and motivate employees of the required caliber to manage the Company successfully;
- (b) to determine and recommend to the Board specific remuneration packages for each Executive Director, taking into account factors including remuneration packages of Executive Directors in comparable industries as well as the performance of the Company and that of the Executive Directors;
- (c) to review Management's proposal of the fees for Non-Executive Directors (including Independent Directors);
- (d) to ensure that the remuneration policies and systems of the Group supports the Group's objectives and strategies; and
- (e) to administer the Company's Asian Micro Employees' Share Option Scheme 2010 (' ESOS 2010 ').

## Provisions 6.3 and 6.4 - Remuneration framework and engagement of remuneration consultants, if any

The recommendation of the RC for the remuneration of Directors would be submitted for endorsement by the Board and should cover all aspects of remuneration, including but not limited to Directors' fees, salaries, allowances, bonuses, options, share-based incentives and awards, and benefits in kind. The RC's recommendations were made in consultation with the Chairman of the Board and none of the members of the RC or any Director is involved in deliberations in respect of any remuneration, compensation, share-based incentives or any form of benefits to be granted to him/her.

The RC also reviews what compensation commitments the Executive Directors' service contracts would entail in event of  early  termination  and  aims  to  be  fair  and  avoid  rewarding  inadequate  performance.  The  service  contract  may  be terminated by either the Company or Executive Directors giving to the other at least 6 months prior written notice. The RC is of view that the Executive Directors' service contracts are not excessively long or with onerous removal clauses.

The Company does not have any contractual provision which allows the Company to reclaim incentive components of remuneration from Executive Directors and/or key management personnel in exceptional circumstances of misstatement of financial results, or of misconduct resulting in financial loss to the Company as such provisions will stifle the Company's ability to effectively attract and retain the right individuals.

For FY2022, there were no termination, retirement and post-employment benefits granted to Directors and the top three key management personnel (who are not Directors or the CEO).

The Company did not appoint any remuneration consultant. If required, the RC will seek expert's advice inside and/or outside the Company on remuneration of all Directors and key management personnel.

## Principle 7 Level and Mix of Remuneration

## Principle 8 Disclosure on Remuneration

## Provisions 7.1 to 7.3 and provision 8.3 - Level and mix of remuneration

The level and structure of remuneration of the Board and key management personnel is designed to be appropriate and proportionate to the sustained performance and value creation of the Group, taking into account the strategic objectives of the Group.

## Framework for remuneration of Executive Directors and other key management personnel

The Group has adopted such remuneration package for the Executive Directors in accordance with the service contract entered into between the respective Executive Director and the Company. The NC, together with the RC, decides on the  specific  remuneration  package  for  an  Executive  Director  upon  recruitment.  Thereafter,  the  RC  reviews  subsequent increments, bonuses and allowances where these payments are discretionary.

## Report on Corporate Governance

The Executive Directors' remuneration packages are set such that they are adequately but not excessively remunerated compared to other comparable companies in the industry in view of present market conditions and taking into account the individual's and the Company's performance. The Executive Directors and key management personnel who are not on probation and have attained the age of 21 years are eligible to participate in the Company's ESOS 2010. The remuneration packages of the Executive Directors and key management personnel are also in line with the Group's staff remuneration guidelines and commensurate with their respective job scopes and levels of responsibility.

To ensure that the level and structure of remuneration is proportionate to the sustained performance and value creation of the Group, the Company has put in place a framework of remuneration for its Executive Directors and key management personnel. The key areas of focus of the remuneration framework and details of the implementation within the Group are set out below:

| Key Areas of Focus Details  Pay for performance  •  Instil and drive a pay-for-performance culture  •  Ensure  that  remuneration  is  closely  linked  to  annual  and  long-term business objectives  •  Set,  communicate  and  monitor  key  performance  targets  and indicators  •  Adjust the proportion of fixed and variable remuneration to  emphasise sustainable performance that is aligned with the  Group's  strategic  objectives,  considering  qualitative  and  quantitative factors  Competitive remuneration  •  Benchmark total remuneration against other organisations  of similar size and standing in the Group's industry  Accountability and Risk-taking  •  Focus on achieving risk-adjusted returns that are consistent  with prudent risk taking and capital management as well as  emphasis on long-term sustainable outcomes   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company's ESOS 2010 which has been in force since the implementation date (i.e. approved by the shareholders at an extraordinary general meeting) on 28 October 2010, expired on 5 July 2022. The outstanding balance of 2,000,000 share options were unexercised and lapsed on the date of expiry of the ESOS.

## Remuneration of Non-Executive Directors

Independent  Directors  do  not  enter  into  any  service  contracts  with  the  Company.  Save  for  the  receipt  of  Directors' fees  and  participation  in  the  Company's  ESOS  2010,  Independent Directors do not receive any remuneration from the Company.

Directors' fees are set in accordance with a remuneration framework comprising basic fees, attendance fees and additional fees  for  serving  on  any  of  the  Board  Committees.  The  RC,  with  the  concurrence  of  the  Board,  is  of  the  view  that  the current remuneration of the Independent Directors is appropriate to the level of contribution, taking into account factors such as efforts and time spent, and responsibilities of the Directors. The payments of Directors' fees are approved by the shareholders of the Company as a lump sum payment at the AGM of the Company.

## Provision 8.1(a) - Directors' remuneration/fees and remuneration of the Group CEO

Provision 8.1(a)  of  the  Code  recommends that companies fully disclose the name and remuneration of each individual Director and the CEO. The Company has not complied with this provision as the Board is of the opinion that due to the confidentiality  and  commercial  sensitivity  attached  to  remuneration  matters,  given  the  highly  competitive  environment the  Group  operates  in,  the  Company  does  not  fully  disclose  the  remuneration  of  the  Directors.  As  such,  the  Board has deviated from complying in full with Provision 8.1 and has instead provided below a breakdown of the fees and remuneration of Directors (in percentage terms) for FY2022:

## Report on Corporate Governance

| Remuneration band and name of Directors  Fee  Salary  Bonus  Other  Benefits  Total  %  %  %  %  %  S$250,000 to S$500,000  Ng Chee Wee  -  85  11  4  100  Below S$250,000  Lim Kee Liew @ Victor Lim  -  87  -  13  100  Cheah Wee Teong  100  -  -  -  100  Chue Wai Tat  100  -  -  -  100  Lee Teck Meng Stanley  100  -  -  -  100   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Despite having varied from provision 8.1(a) of the Code, the Board believes that consistent with the intent of principle 8  of  the  Code,  sufficient  information  has  been  disclosed  for  shareholders'  understanding  with  respect  to  the  Group's remuneration  policies,  level  and  mix  of  remuneration,  the  procedure  for  setting  remuneration,  and  the  relationships between remuneration, performance and value creation.

## Provision 8.1(b) - Remuneration of top five key management personnel

As the Company has only three key management personnel (excluding the CEO), the breakdown showing the level and mix of remuneration was in respect of each of these top three key management personnel (who are not Directors or the CEO) in bands of S$250,000 for FY2022 (in percentage terms), as set out below:

| Key management personnel  Salary  Bonus  Other Benefits  Total  %  %  %  %  S$250,000 to S$500,000  Leong Lai Heng  97  -  3  100  Below S$250,000  Phan Guo Yee  91  6  3  100  Koh Lye Seng Eric  88  6  6  100   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As the Group has only three key management personnel during the financial year under review, disclosure was only made in respect of the remuneration of these three key management personnel. The aggregate remuneration paid to these key management personnel was S$486,064 (2021: S$343,130).

Provision 8.2 - Remuneration of employees who are substantial shareholders of the Company, or are immediate family members of a Director, the CEO or a substantial shareholder of the Company

Mdm. Leong Lai Heng, spouse of Mr. Lim Kee Liew @ Victor Lim, CEO and Group Managing Director is employed as Director of the subsidiaries of the Company and has received remuneration at that capacity which exceeded S$250,000 but  was  less  than  S$300,000  during  FY2022.  Save  as  disclosed,  none  of  the  employees  who  are  immediate  family members of a Director or the CEO received more than S$100,000 in remuneration for FY2022.

## Report on Corporate Governance

## ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

## Principle 9 Risk Management and Internal Controls

## Provision 9.1 - Maintenance of a sound risk management system and internal controls

The Board recognises its responsibility for the Group's system of risk management and internal controls and the need to  review  its  adequacy  and  integrity  regularly  in  order  to  safeguard  the  Group's  assets  and  therefore  shareholders' investments in the Group.

The Company does not have a Risk Management Committee. However, Management reviews the Group's business and operational activities  regularly  to  identify  areas  of  significant  business  risks  as  well  as  appropriate  measures  to  control and mitigate these risks. Management reviews all significant control policies and procedures and highlights all significant matters to the Board and the AC.

Management  has  put  in  place  reasonably  adequate  internal  control  systems  to  provide  the  Board  with  reasonable assurance against material misstatement or loss. The Board, with the concurrence of the AC, had approved the adoption of the Policy on Risk Management and Internal Control in August 2017.

To  strengthen  its  internal  audit  function,  the  Company  has  appointed  NLA  Risk  Consulting  Pte.  Ltd.  (' NLA Risk '  or ' Internal Auditors ') to provide internal audit services. On an annual basis, the Group's internal audit function prepares an audit plan taking into consideration risks identified and assessed from the risk management system. This risk-based audit plan is approved by the AC and audits are conducted to assess the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's system of internal controls in addressing financial, operational, compliance and information technology risks. In addition, material control weaknesses over financial reporting, if any, are highlighted by the Company's external auditors, Ernst &amp; Young LLP (' External Auditors ')  in  the  course  of  the  statutory  audit.  All  audit  findings  and  recommendations made by the Internal and External Auditors are reported to the AC and significant findings are discussed at the AC meetings. The Group's internal audit function follows up on all recommendations to ensure timely remedy of audit issues and reports the status to the AC once a year.

Provision  9.2  -  Written  assurance  regarding  (i)  financial  records  and  financial  statements  and  (ii)  adequacy  and effectiveness of the Group's risk management and internal control systems

The Board has received written assurance from the Group CEO and the CFO that as at 30 June 2022:-

- (a) nothing has come to their attention which would render the financial statements to be false or misleading in any material aspects;
- (b) the financial records of the Group have been properly maintained and the financial statements give a true and fair view of the Group's operations and finances;
- (c) the Group's internal controls, including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls, and risk  management systems (' Internal  Control  and  Risk  Management Systems ')  are  adequate  and  effective  in addressing the material risks in the Group's current business environment; and
- (d) there are no known significant deficiencies or lapses in the Internal Control and Risk Management Systems which could adversely affect the Group's ability to record, process, summarise or report financial data, or any fraud that involves Management or other employees who have a significant role in the Internal Control and Risk Management Systems.

The Board has also received written assurance from other key management personnel having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Group that:

- (a) the Internal Control and Risk Management Systems in place are adequate and effective in addressing its material risks in the Group's current business environment; and
- (b) there are no known significant deficiencies or lapses in the Internal Control and Risk Management Systems which could adversely affect its ability to record, process, summarise or report financial data, or any fraud that involves Management or other employees who have a significant role in the Internal Control and Risk Management Systems.

## Report on Corporate Governance

## Rule 1204(10) of the Catalist Rules

Based on the risk management and internal controls established and maintained by the Group, work done by the Internal Auditors and External Auditors, and the assurance from Management, the Board, with the concurrence of the AC, is of the opinion that the Group's risk management and internal control systems, addressing financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls risks were adequate and effective as at 30 June 2022.

The Board notes that the Internal Control and Risk Management Systems established by the Group provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that the Group will not be adversely affected by any event that can be reasonably foreseen. Furthermore, the Board also acknowledges that no system of internal controls and risk management can provide absolute assurance in this regard, or absolute assurance against the occurrence of material errors, poor judgement in decisionmaking, human errors, losses, fraud or other irregularities.

## Principle 10 Audit Committee

## Provisions 10.1 to 10.3 and 10.5 - Duties and composition of the AC

The AC comprises the following members, all of whom including the Chairman are Independent Directors and they are appropriately qualified to discharge their responsibilities:

| Mr. Chue Wai Tat  - AC Chairman  Mr. Cheah Wee Teong  - AC Member  Mr. Lee Teck Meng Stanley  - AC Member   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The AC members collectively have had many years of experience in accounting, business, financial management and corporate  advisory.  The  Board  considers  that  the  members  of  the  AC  as  having  sufficient  financial  knowledge  and experience  to  appropriately  discharge  their  duties  and  responsibilities  in  the  AC.  None  of  the  members  nor  the  AC Chairman are former partners or Directors of the Group's existing auditing firm nor does any of them have any financial interests in the auditing firm or auditing corporation.

The principal functions of the AC and the activities it has undertaken for FY2022 are as follows:

- (a) to recommend to the Board of Directors the External Auditors to be nominated;
- (b) to review the scope, audit plans, results, effectiveness and independence of the External Auditors;
- (c) to  review  any  related  significant  findings  and  recommendations  of  the  External  Auditors,  together  with Management's responses thereto;
- (d) to review the adequacy of the Group's system of risk management and internal controls, financial and management reporting systems;
- (e) to review with Management on significant risks or exposures that exist and assesses the steps that Management has taken to minimise such risks to the Group;
- (f) to  review  with  Management the announcement of the interim and full-year results of the Group and its financial statements;
- (g) to review interested person transactions as may be required by the regulatory authorities or the provisions of the Companies Act;
- (h) to  review  legal  and  regulatory  matters  that  may  have  a  material  impact  on  the  financial  statements  and  reports action  and  minutes  of  the  AC  to  the  Board  of  Directors  with  such  recommendations  as  the  AC  considers appropriate; and
- (i) to  review  arrangements  by  which  staff  of  the  Company  may,  in  confidence,  raise  concerns  about  possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters.

## Report on Corporate Governance

The primary reporting line of the internal auditors is to the AC and the internal auditors have unfettered access to all the Group's documents, records, properties and personnel. The AC has explicit authority to investigate any matter within its terms of reference and is authorised to obtain independent professional advice. It has full access to and co-operation of Management and reasonable resources to enable it to discharge its duties properly. It also has full discretion to invite any Director or executive officer or any other person to attend its meetings.

## Summary of the AC's activities in FY2022

The AC has full access to and receives co-operation from Management, and has full discretion to invite members of Management to attend its meetings. Reasonable resources have been given to enable the AC to discharge its functions. Minutes of the AC meetings are circulated to the Board for its information.

The AC meets with the Group's Internal Auditors, External Auditors and Management to review accounting, auditing and financial reporting matters so as to ensure that an effective system of controls is maintained in the Group. In performing its functions for FY2022, the AC had:

- (a) held two meetings in the financial year with Management and the External Auditors, and met once with the Internal Auditors and the External Auditors without the presence of Management;
- (b) reviewed the audit plan and audit report for FY2022 presented by the Internal Auditors and the External Auditors;
- (c) conducted an annual review of the audit and non-audit services provided by the External Auditors, to satisfy itself that  the  nature  and  extent  of  such  non-audit  services  will  not  prejudice  the  independence  and  objectivity  of  the External Auditors. In compliance with Rule 1204(6)(b) of the Catalist Rules, it is the opinion of the AC that the nature and extent of non-audit services provided by the External Auditors do not affect the independence and objectivity of the External Auditors. The fees incurred for FY2022 are as follows:

| 2022  S$'000  Fees on audit services paid/payable to  - Auditors of the Company  83  - Other auditors  2  Fees on non-audit services paid/payable to  - Auditors of the Company  19  - Other auditors  1   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The External Auditors had also confirmed their independence in this respect;

- (d) confirmed that the Company had complied with Rule 712 of the Catalist Rules and had recommended to the Board the re-appointment of Ernst &amp; Young LLP as the External Auditors of the Company. Ernst &amp; Young LLP is registered with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority; and
- (e) confirmed that the Company had complied with Rule 715 of the Catalist Rules in relation to the appointment of the same auditing firm, Ernst &amp; Young LLP , to audit its Singapore-incorporated subsidiaries. The foreign-incorporated subsidiaries are audited by other suitable auditing firms. The Board and the AC are satisfied that the appointment of  the  other  auditing  firms  for  its  foreign-incorporated  subsidiaries  would  not  compromise  the  standards  and  the effectiveness of the audit of the Company.

The AC meets with the External Auditors to discuss with Management pertaining to changes in accounting standards and issues that have direct impact on the financial statements, as and when required. These matters would be brought up by Management to update the AC on such regulatory updates and to allow the AC to stay abreast of the latest developments, if any.

## Report on Corporate Governance

## Whistle blowing

The Company has adopted a Whistle Blowing Policy which provides a channel for staff and other parties to report in good faith and in confidence their concerns about fraud and other possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting or  other  matters.  All  reports,  including  anonymous  reports,  reports  that  are  lacking  in  detail  and  verbal  reports,  will  be thoroughly investigated. All complaints will be treated as confidential and will be brought to the attention of the AC.

In addition, the Company is committed to ensure protection of the whistleblower against detrimental or unfair treatment. While the policy is meant to protect the whistleblower from any detrimental or unfair treatment as a result of their report or disclosure, it strictly prohibits frivolous and untrue reports or disclosures. No adverse action will be taken against any Director, officer, employee or other individual for making a report or disclosing information in good faith under this policy. The Company will not tolerate the harassment or victimisation of anyone reporting a genuine concern. Where a report or  disclosure  has  been  made,  the  Company will  take  all  reasonable  steps  to  ensure  that  no  other  person  harasses  or victimises the whistleblower.

The  Company  has  designated  an  independent  function  to  investigate  whistleblowing  reports  made  in  good  faith. Assessment,  investigation  and  evaluation  of  complaints  are  conducted  by  or,  at  the  direction  of  the  AC  if  it  deems appropriate,  independent  advisors  engaged  at  the  Group's  expense.  Following  the  investigation  and  evaluation  of  a complaint, the AC will then decide on recommended disciplinary or remedial actions, if any. Appropriate actions that are determined by the AC shall then be brought to the Board or to the appropriate senior management of the Group for authorisation or implementation respectively.

In  the  event that the report is about a Director, that Director will not be involved in the review and any decision making with respect to that report. The policy aims to encourage reporting of such matters in good faith, with the confidence that any employees and any other persons making such reports will be treated fairly and be protected from reprisals. Details of the whistle-blowing policy have been made available to all employees.

## Provision 10.4 - Internal Audit and Rule 1204(10C) of the Catalist Rules

The Company recognises the importance of establishing an internal audit function that is independent of the activities it audits. The internal audit function is currently being outsourced to NLA Risk which reports directly to the AC Chairman.

The  team  leader  in-charge  is  a  Certified  Internal  Auditor  and  the  audit  work  is  carried  out  in  accordance  with  the International Standards for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing set by The Institute of Internal Auditors.

The hiring, removal, evaluation and compensation of the Internal Auditors or corporation to which internal audit function is  outsourced was approved by the AC. The Internal Auditors have unfettered access to all the Company's documents, records, properties and personnel, including access to the AC. The AC approves the engagement, evaluation and fees of the Internal Auditors and provides a communication channel between the Board, the Management and External Auditors on matters relating to audit.

The  role  of  the  Internal  Auditors  is  to  support  the  AC  in  ensuring  that  the  Group  maintains  a  sound  system  of  risk management and internal controls by monitoring and assessing the adequacy and effectiveness of key controls and procedures, conducting in-depth audits of high risk areas and undertaking investigations as directed by the AC.

The AC will review the findings of the Internal Auditors and will ensure that the Group follows up on the Internal Auditors' recommendations. The AC will review the adequacy of the internal audit function annually to ensure that the internal audit function is adequately resourced and able to perform its function effectively and objectively.

For FY2022, the AC had reviewed and is satisfied that the internal audit function is independent with appropriate standing and adequate resources to perform its  functions  effectively  and  objectively  as  required  under  Rule  1204(10C)  of  the Catalist Rules.

## Report on Corporate Governance

## SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AND ENGAGEMENT

## Principle 11  Shareholder Rights and Conduct of General Meetings

The Board ensures that all the Company's shareholders are treated equitably for them to exercise their shareholders' rights and have the opportunity to communicate their views on matters affecting the Company. The Company gives shareholders a balanced and understandable assessment of its performance position and prospects.

## Provisions 11.1 to 11.5 - Participation and voting at general meetings of shareholders

General meetings are the principal forum for dialogue with shareholders. At the general meetings, shareholders are given the  opportunity  to  share  their  views  and  ask  questions  regarding  the  Company  and  the  Group.  Shareholders  are  also informed  of  the  rules,  including  voting  procedures,  which  regulate  the  general  meetings  of  shareholders.  The  Board believes that general meetings serve as an opportune forum for shareholders to meet the Board and key management personnel and to interact with them as well as for the Company to solicit and understand the views of shareholders. Since the AGM for the financial year ended 30 June 2020, the Annual Reports and Notices of AGM are made available through the announcements released via SGXNet and the Company's website, http://asianmicro.listedcompany.com/, pursuant to the COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) (Alternative Arrangements for Meetings for Companies, Variable Capital Companies, Business Trusts, Unit Trusts and Debenture Holders) Order 2020 (as amended from time to time).

Every matter requiring shareholders' approval will be proposed as a separate resolution. Each item of special business included in the meeting notice will be accompanied by, where appropriate, an explanation for the proposed resolution. Separate resolutions are proposed for substantially separate issues at the meeting. Where the resolutions are 'bundled', the Company will explain the reasons and material implications.

Pursuant  to  the  Catalist  Rules,  the  Company  will  put  all  resolutions  to  vote  by  poll  at  its  general  meetings.  An announcement of the detailed results showing the number of votes cast for and against each resolution and the respective percentages will be released via the SGXNET on the same day after the meeting. The Company currently employs paper polling as it is more cost-effective and practical compared to electronic polling.

The Company's Constitution does not permit voting in absentia by mail, facsimile or e-mail as such voting methods would need to be cautiously evaluated to ensure that the authenticity of the vote and the Shareholder's identity is not compromised. Instead, the Company's Constitution allows shareholders to appoint one or two proxies to attend and vote in  their  stead  at  the  AGM.  A  member  who  is  a  relevant  intermediary  (as  defined  in  Section  181  of  the  Companies  Act 1967) is entitled to appoint more than two proxies to attend, speak and vote at the general meetings, but each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by such member. The proxy form must be deposited at the Company's registered office not less than 48 hours of the general meeting.

The Chairman of the Board and the respective chairman of the AC, the NC and the RC are usually present and available at  general meetings to address shareholders' queries. Appropriate key management personnel are also present at such meetings to address operational questions from shareholders. In addition, in the case of AGM, the External Auditors are also present to address shareholders' queries about the conduct of audit and the preparation and content of the auditors' report. The Directors' attendance at the general meetings of the Company held in 2021 is disclosed under provision 1.5 above.

The Joint Company Secretaries prepare minutes of general meetings, which record substantial comments and queries from shareholders relating to the agenda of such meetings. Save for the minutes of the financial year ended 30 June 2020 (' FY2020 ')  AGM, FY2020 Extraordinary General Meeting (' EGM ')  and  FY2021 AGM, the Company does not publish its minutes of general meetings on its corporate website. However, the minutes are available to shareholders upon request.

## Alternative arrangements for the conduct of general meetings

In 2020, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Singapore entered a circuit breaker period during which physical meetings were not  allowed  to  be  held.  The  COVID-19  (Temporary  Measures)  (Alternative  Arrangements  for  Meetings  for  Companies, Variable Capital Companies, Business Trusts, Unit Trusts and Debenture Holders) Order 2020, as amended from time to time (' Alternative Arrangements Order ')  came  into  force  to  provide  for  alternative  arrangements  for,  amongst  others, listed  companies  in  Singapore  to  hold  their  general  meetings.  Pursuant  to  the  Alternative  Arrangements  Order,  the Company had held its last two AGMs via electronic means.

## Report on Corporate Governance

Notwithstanding that shareholders of the Company were not allowed to attend the FY2020 and FY2021 AGMs in person, the Company had put in place arrangements for shareholders to participate in the meeting by submitting questions ahead of the meeting, voting by proxy and/or watching or listening to the proceedings via a 'live' webcast. The submission of questions and proxy forms was done electronically via a website set up for the purposes of the meeting, to an electronic mail address, or by depositing the same at the registered office of the Company.

With  respect  to  the  FY2020  and  FY2021  AGMs,  the  Company  tabled  separate  resolutions  at  the  meeting  on  each substantially  separate  issue.  The  Chairman  of  the  meeting  was  appointed  as  proxy  to  vote  in  accordance  with  the instructions of the shareholders indicated in the proxy form submitted by such shareholders. Independent scrutineers were appointed to check the validity of the proxy forms received and prepared a report on the results of the votes.

The Company had also informed the shareholders of such alternative arrangements and the details relating thereto ahead of the FY2020 and FY2021 AGMs in an announcement released by the Company on SGXNET and its corporate website.

With  the  further  easing  of  COVID-19  safe  management  measures  implemented  in  Singapore  in  2022,  the  Company will  conduct  physical  meetings  for  its  forthcoming  AGM  and  EGM  to  be  held  on  25  October  2022.  In  line  with  the provisions  under  the  Alternative  Arrangements  Order,  the  notices  of  the  FY2022  AGM  and  EGM  (' Notices  of  AGM and EGM '),  the  respective  Proxy  Forms,  the  Annual  Report  and  the  Circular  of  the  Company  were  uploaded  on  the SGXNet at the URL https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements and the Company's website at the URL http://asianmicro.listedcompany.com/. No printed copies of the Notices of AGM and EGM, the respective Proxy Forms, the Annual Report and the Circular of the Company were despatched to Shareholders and advertisement on the Notices of AGM and EGM was not required.

## Provision 11.6 - Dividend policy

The  Company  currently  does  not  have  a  formal  dividend  policy.  The  Board  considers  factors  such  as  the  Group's earnings, financial  position,  operations  results,  capital  requirements,  cash  flows,  development  plans,  and  other  factors before determining any dividends to be declared. No dividends were declared for FY2022 as the Company does not have retained earnings and the Group is conserving cash for its business operations and future developments so as to ensure sufficiency of funds for its daily business and operational needs.

## Principle 12  Engagement with Shareholders

The Company does not have an Investor Relations Policy in place and there is no dedicated investor relations team in place as the Board was of the view that the current communication channels are sufficient and cost-effective. However, in line with the continuous disclosure obligations of the Company and pursuant to the Catalist Rules and the Companies Act, shareholders shall be informed of all major developments that impact the Group, in a timely manner. The Company strives to ensure regular, effective and fair communication with its shareholders, and be as descriptive, detailed and forthcoming as possible in disclosing the information and to inform shareholders of changes in the Company or its business which would likely to materially affect the price or value of the Company's shares.

The Company does not practise selective disclosure. All material and price sensitive information as well as information on the Company's new initiatives are publicly released via SGXNET. In addition, the Company also responds to enquiries from shareholders, investors, analysts, fund managers and the press.

The Group values dialogue sessions with its shareholders. During general meetings of the Company, the Board devotes time  and  attention  to  address  questions  from  and  concerns  raised  by  shareholders  and  the  Directors  are  generally present for the entire duration of the meetings. The Chairman of the meeting will also endeavour to facilitate constructive dialogue between shareholders and the Board. In addition, members of the Board and key management personnel make themselves available to interact with shareholders both before and after general meetings. The Group believes in regular, effective and fair communication with shareholders and is committed to hearing shareholders' views and addressing their concerns.

Although the  Company does not have a dedicated investor relations team or an investor relations  policy,  other  than communicating with Directors and Management at general meetings, shareholders or investors may contact the Company on any investor relations matters at ir@asianmicro.com.sg.

## Report on Corporate Governance

## MANAGING STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIPS

## Principle 13  Engagement with Stakeholders

Provisions  13.1  and  13.2  -  Identification  and  engagement  with  material  stakeholder  groups,  including  managing relationships with such groups

The Group believes that forging good relationships with stakeholders is crucial for the sustainable growth of its business and identified  its  key  stakeholders  which  include  shareholders,  suppliers,  customers,  employees,  regulatory  authorities (Governments, SGX-ST, Ministry of Manpower, Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore), shareholders and investors.

The Company's strategy and key areas of focus in relation to the management of stakeholder relationships during the reporting period can be found in the Sustainability Report, which will be released by 30 November 2022.

## Provision 13.3 - Corporate website

The  Company currently  maintains  a  corporate  website  at  http://asianmicro.listedcompany.com/  which  hosts  relevant investor-related information, including the Company's corporate information and announcements that have been released on SGX.

## DEALINGS IN SECURITIES

The Company has a clear policy on the trading of its shares by Directors, executives and employees within the Group. The Company has adopted the Securities Transactions Code. The Securities Transactions Code provides guidance to the Directors and executives of the Group with regard to dealing in the Company's securities. It emphasises that the law on insider trading is applicable at all times, notwithstanding the prohibited dealing periods. The Securities Transactions Code also enables the Company to monitor such share transactions by requiring employees to report to the Company whenever they deal in the Company's securities.

The Group issues circulars to its Directors, executives and employees informing them that they must not trade in the listed securities of the Company one month before the announcement of the Group's half-yearly and full year results and ending on the date of the announcement of such results. They are also encouraged not to deal in the Company's securities on short-term considerations.

The Directors are required to notify the Company of any dealings in the Company's securities (during the open window period) within two business days of the transactions.

The Board is satisfied with the Group's commitment in compliance with the Securities Transactions Code, and on the adequacy of internal controls within the Group. The Group has complied with its Best Practices on Securities Transactions.

## MATERIAL CONTRACTS

Save for the service contracts between the Executive Directors and the Company and the interested person transactions described below, there are no other material contracts of the Company or its subsidiaries involving the interest of the CEO or any Director or Controlling Shareholders which are either still subsisting at the end of the financial year or entered into since the end of the previous financial year.

## INTERESTED PERSON TRANSACTIONS

The Company has established procedures to ensure that all transactions with interested persons are reported on a timely manner to the Audit Committee and that such transactions are carried out on normal commercial terms and will not be prejudicial to the interests of the Company and its minority shareholders.

When a potential conflict of interest arises, the Director concerned will not participate in the discussion and will refrain from exercising any influence over other members of the Board.

## Report on Corporate Governance

During FY2022, the Company has entered into the following interested person transaction, as follows:-

| Name of Interested Person  Nature  of  Relationship  Aggregate value of  all interested person  transactions during the  financial year under review  (excluding transactions  conducted under  shareholders' mandate  pursuant to Rule 920)  S$'000  Aggregate value of  all interested person  transactions conducted  under shareholders' mandate  pursuant to Rule 920  (excluding transactions less  than $100,000)  S$'000  ACI Technology (S) Pte Ltd  Associate of  Mr. Lim Kee Liew  @ Victor Lim,  the CEO who is  also a controlling  shareholder of the  Company  55  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NON-SPONSOR FEES

The Company is currently under the SGX-ST Catalist sponsor-supervised regime. The Continuing Sponsor of the Company is RHT Capital Pte. Ltd.

In compliance with Rule 1204(21) of the Catalist Rules, there was no non-sponsor fee paid by the Company to the sponsor for FY2022.

## Report on Corporate Governance

## Additional Information required pursuant to Rule 720(5) of the Listing Manual: Rules of Catalist on Directors seeking for re-election

The following additional information on Mr. Lee Teck Meng Stanley and Mr. Ng Chee Wee, all of whom are seeking re-election as Directors at this Annual General Meeting, is to be read in conjunction with their respective biographies on pages 6 to 8 of this Annual Report.

| Lee Teck Meng Stanley  Ng Chee Wee  Date of Appointment  24 August 2016  6 May 2011  Date  of  last  re-appointment  (if  applicable)  18 October 2019  23 October 2020  Age  47  49  Country of principal residence  Singapore  Singapore  The  Board's  comments  on  this  appointment  (In the Company's case, the Board's  comments on this re-election)  The  Nominating  Committee  ('  NC  '),  having considered the attendance and  participation  of  the  Director  at  Board  and Board Committees' meetings, and  taking into account Mr. Lee Teck Meng  Stanley  ('  Mr.  Stanley  Lee  ')'s  track  record, experience and capabilities to,  amongst  others,  provide  insight  and  guidance to the Group's business and  strategies,  had  recommended  to  the  Board  the  re-election  of  Mr.  Stanley  Lee  who  will  be  retiring  by  rotation  pursuant to Article 89 of the Company's  Constitution at the forthcoming Annual  General Meeting ('  AGM  ').  The  Board  supported  the  NC's  recommendation.  Mr.  Stanley  Lee  had  abstained  from  voting on any resolution and making any  recommendation and/or participated  in  respect of his own re-election.  The  NC,  having  considered  the  attendance  and  participation  of  the  Director  at  Board  and  Board  Committees'  meetings,  in  particular,  Mr.  Ng  Chee  Wee's  contribution  to  the  business  and  operations  of  the  Company as well as Board processes,  had recommended to the Board the re-  election of Mr. Ng Chee Wee who will be  retiring  by  rotation  pursuant  to  Article  89 of the Company's Constitution at the  forthcoming AGM.  The  Board  supported  the  NC's  recommendation.  Mr.  Ng  Chee Wee had abstained from  voting on any resolution and making any  recommendation and/or participated in  respect of his own re-election.  Whether  appointment  is  executive,  and if so, the area of responsibility  Non-Executive  Executive  Overseeing  the  Group's  finance,  accounting,  treasury,  legal,  tax,  corporate  secretarial,  regulatory  compliance  and  human resources functions.  Job Title (e.g. Lead ID, AC Chairman,  AC Member etc.)  Independent Director and members of  Audit,  Nominating  and  Remuneration  Committees  Executive  Director  and  Chief  Financial  Officer ('  CFO  ') of the Company and its  subsidiaries ('  Group  ')  Professional qualifications  Please refer to the Directors' respective biographies on pages 6 to 8 of this Annual  Report.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Report on Corporate Governance

| Lee Teck Meng Stanley  Ng Chee Wee  Working  experience  and  occupation(s)  during  the  past  10  years  2020 to Present: Managing Director of  Royal Oaks Investments Pte Ltd  2017 to 2020: Deputy Director of  Nanyang Technological University  Singapore  2014 to 2016: Director of RHT  Strategic Advisory Pte Ltd  2009 to 2014: Trading Representative  of Maybank Kim Eng Securities Pte Ltd  2011 to Present: Executive Director of  the Company  2017 to Present: CFO of the Group  2010 to 2017: Financial Controller of  the Group  Shareholding  interest  in  the  listed  issuer and its subsidiaries  Deemed  interest  of  300,000  ordinary  shares in the Company  Direct  interest  of  28,477,586  ordinary  shares in the Company  Any  relationship  (including  immediate  family  relationships)  with  any  existing  director,  existing  executive  officer,  the  issuer  and/  or  substantial  shareholder  of  the  listed issuer or of any of its principal  subsidiaries  Nephew of Mr. Lim Kee Liew @ Victor  Lim,  Chief  Executive  Officer  ('  CEO  ')  and  Group  Managing  Director  and  Mdm.  Leong  Lai  Heng,  a  Substantial  Shareholder of the Company  Nil  Conflict  of  interest  (including  any  competing business)  Nil  Nil  Undertaking (in the format set out in  Appendix 7.7) under Rule 720(1) has  been submitted to the listed issuer  - Yes / No  Yes  Yes  Other Principal Commitments*  Please refer to the Directors' respective biographies on pages 6 to 8 of this Annual  Report.  Other  Directorships  for  the  past  5  years  Nil  Nil  Other Present Directorships  Aquahandy Innovative Health  (i)  Technology Pte. Ltd. (formerly  known as Aqua Handy  Environmental Protection Pte. Ltd.)  Royal Oaks Investments Pte Ltd  (ii)  Asian Micro Sdn. Bhd.  (i)  Leverage Income Sdn. Bhd.  (ii)  Asian Micro Capital Sdn. Bhd.  (iii)  Any prior experience as a director of  an issuer listed on the Exchange? If  yes,  please  provide  details  of  prior  experience.  If  no,  please  state  if  the director has attended or will be  attending  training  on  the  roles  and  responsibilities  of  a  director  of  a  listed  issuer  as  prescribed  by  the  Exchange.  Please  provide  details  of  relevant  experience  and  the  nominating  committee's  reasons  for  not  requiring  the  director  to  undergo  training  as  prescribed  by  the Exchange (if applicable).  Not applicable  Not applicable   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Report on Corporate Governance

The Company confirms that the response to the declaration for the items (a) to (k) of Appendix 7F of the Listing Manual: Rules of Catalist concerning the Directors to be re-elected is a 'no'.

*The term 'principal commitments' shall include all commitments which involve significant time commitment such as full-time occupation, consultancy work, committee work, non-listed company board representations and directorships and involvement in non-profit organisations. Where a director sits on the boards of non-active related corporations, those appointments should not normally be considered principal commitments.

## Directors' Statement

The Directors present their statement to the members together with the audited consolidated financial statements of Asian Micro Holdings Limited (the ' Company ') and its subsidiaries (collectively, the ' Group ') and the balance sheet and statement of changes in equity of the Company for the financial year ended 30 June 2022.

## Opinion of the Directors

In the opinion of the Directors,

- (i) the consolidated financial statements of the Group and the balance sheet and statement of changes in equity of the Company are drawn up so as to give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and of the Company as at 30 June 2022 and the financial performance, changes in equity and cash flows of the Group and the changes in equity of the Company for the year ended on that date, and
- (ii) at  the  date  of  this  statement,  there  are  reasonable  grounds  to  believe  that  the  Company  will  be  able  to  pay  its debts as and when they fall due as,
- (a) The Group and the Company will be able to generate adequate cash flows to maintain a positive cash and cash equivalent position; and
- (b) Two of the Company's existing major shareholders (one of whom is also a Director of the Company) have agreed to provide continuing financial support to the Group and the Company to enable the Group and the Company to meet their obligations as and when the need arises.

## Directors

The Directors of the Company in office at the date of this statement are:

Cheah Wee Teong Lim Kee Liew @ Victor Lim Ng Chee Wee Chue Wai Tat Lee Teck Meng Stanley

## Arrangements to enable Directors to acquire shares and debentures

Except for the Asian Micro Holdings Limited Employees' Share Option Plan as described below, neither at the end of nor at any time during the financial year was the Company a party to any arrangement whose objects are, or one of whose objects is, to enable the Directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate.

## Directors' interests in shares and debentures

The  following  Directors,  who  held  office  at  the  end  of  the  financial  year,  had,  according  to  the  register  of  directors' shareholdings required to be kept under section 164 of the Singapore Companies Act 1967, an interest in shares of the Company and related corporations (other than wholly-owned subsidiaries), as stated below:

| Direct interest  Deemed interest  At  1 July  2021  At  30 June  2022  At  21 July  2022  At  1 July  2021  At  30 June  2022  At  21 July  2022  The Company  Asian Micro Holdings Limited  (Ordinary shares)  Lim Kee Liew @ Victor Lim  573,590,968  576,451,068  576,451,068  319,387,755  319,387,755  319,387,755  Ng Chee Wee  28,227,586  28,477,586  28,477,586  -  -  -  Lee Teck Meng Stanley  -  -  -  300,000  300,000  300,000   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

By virtue of Section 7 of the Singapore Companies Act 1967, Lim Kee Liew @ Victor Lim is deemed to have an interest in shares of the subsidiaries of the Company.

Except as disclosed in this report, no Director who held office at the end of the financial year had interests in shares, share options, warrants or debentures of the Company, or of related corporations either at the beginning of the financial year, end of the financial year or 21 July 2022.

## Share options

## Asian Micro Employees' Share Option Scheme 2010

1. Asian Micro Employees' Share Option Scheme 2010 (the ' ESOS 2010 ')  was approved by the shareholders at an extraordinary general meeting held on 28 October 2010.
2. The remuneration committee administered the ESOS 2010 during the financial year.
3. During the financial year, no share options were granted under the ESOS 2010.
4. The ESOS 2010 expired on July 2022 pursuant to the By-Laws of the ESOS. All the outstanding share option offered to the Eligible Persons of the Group pursuant to the ESOS had automatically lapsed upon the expiry of the ESOS.
5. Details of the outstanding balance of the options to subscribe for ordinary shares of the Company pursuant to the ESOS 2010 as at 30 June 2022 are as follows:

| Grant date  Expiry date  Exercise price  ($)  Number of options  July 2012  July 2022  0.022  2,000,000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Directors' Statement

## Directors' Statement

## Share options (cont'd)

## Asian Micro Employees' Share Option Scheme 2010 (cont'd)

6. Details  of  the  options  to  subscribe  for  ordinary  shares  of  the  Company  granted  to  Directors  of  the  Company pursuant to the ESOS 2010 are as follows:
7. None of the other Executive Directors and employees of the Group who participated in the Plan has received 5% or more of the total number of options available under the Plan as at 30 June 2022.

| Name of Directors  Options  granted  during the  financial year  Aggregate  options  granted since  commencement  of ESOS 2010  Aggregate  options  cancelled since  commencement  of ESOS 2010  Aggregate  options  exercised since  commencement  of ESOS 2010  Aggregate  options  outstanding  as at end of  financial year  Lim Kee Liew @ Victor Lim  -  2,000,000  -  2,000,000  -  Ng Chee Wee  -  4,000,000  -  4,000,000  -  Chue Wai Tat  -  2,000,000  -  2,000,000  -  Name of Associates of Controlling  Shareholders  Leong Lai Heng  -  2,000,000  -  2,000,000  -  Lin Xianglong Winchester  -  2,000,000  -  2,000,000  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Except for the above, no options have been granted to other Directors, Controlling Shareholders of the Company or their associates under ESOS 2010.

The  options  do  not  entitle  the  holder  to  participate,  by  virtue  of  the  options,  in  any  share  issue  of  any  other corporation.

## Audit Committee

The members of the Audit Committee (the ' AC ') at the date of this report are as follow:

Mr. Chue Wai Tat (Chairman, Lead Independent Director)

Mr. Cheah Wee Teong (Independent Non-Executive Chairman and Independent Director)

Mr. Lee Teck Meng Stanley (Independent Director)

The AC carried out its functions in accordance with Section 201B(5) of the Singapore Companies Act 1967. Among other functions, it performed the following:

- -reviewed the audit plan of the external auditors and any recommendation on internal accounting controls arising from the statutory audit;
- -reviewed the half-year and annual financial statements and the auditor's report on the annual financial statements of the Group and the Company before their submission to the Board of Directors;
- -reviewed the nature and extent of non-audit services provided by the external auditors;
- -recommended to the Board of Directors the external auditor to be nominated, approved the compensation of the external auditor and reviewed the scope and results of the audit; and
- -reviewed the interested party transactions as defined in Chapter 9 of the SGX-ST Catalist Listing Manual.

Further details regarding the AC are disclosed in the Report on Corporate Governance.

The AC has recommended to the Board the nomination of Ernst and Young LLP for re-appointment as external auditor of the Company at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting of the Company.

## Auditor

Ernst &amp; Young LLP have expressed their willingness to accept re-appointment as auditor.

On behalf of the Board of Directors,

Lim Kee Liew @ Victor Lim Director

Ng Chee Wee Director

Singapore

28 September 2022

## Directors' Statement

## Independent Auditor's Report

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## Independent Auditor's Report to the Members of Asian Micro Holdings Limited

## Report on the audit of the financial statements

## Opinion

We  have  audited  the  financial  statements  of  Asian  Micro  Holdings  Limited  (the  'Company')  and  its  subsidiaries (collectively,  the  'Group'),  which  comprise  the  balance  sheets  of  the  Group  and  the  Company  as  at  30  June  2022,  the statements  of  changes  in  equity  of  the  Group  and  the  Company  and  the  consolidated  statement  of  comprehensive income and consolidated cash flow statement of the Group for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In  our  opinion,  the  accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Group, the balance sheet and the statement of  changes in equity of the Company are properly drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 1967 (the 'Act') and Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) (SFRS(I)) so as to give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group and the financial position of the Company as at 30 June 2022 and of the  consolidated financial  performance, consolidated changes in equity and consolidated cash flows of the Group and changes in equity of the Company for the year ended on that date.

## Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Singapore Standards on Auditing (SSAs). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (ACRA) Code of Professional Conduct and Ethics for Public Accountants and Accounting Entities (ACRA Code) together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Singapore, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ACRA Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Key audit matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial  statements  of  the  current  period.  These  matters  were  addressed  in  the  context  of  our  audit  of  the  financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.

We have fulfilled our responsibilities described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying financial statements.

## Key audit matters (cont'd)

## Expected credit losses on receivables

As at 30 June 2022, the Group's gross trade receivable balances were significant as they represented 22% of the total current  assets  in  the  consolidated  balance  sheet  and  the  total  trade  receivables  and  related  impairment  for  expected credit losses amounted to $773,219 and $9,622 respectively.

The Group estimated the expected credit losses ('ECL') on trade receivables by establishing an ECL model in which the probability  of  default  is  estimated  based  on  historical  observed  default  rates  and  payment  patterns  for  each  individual debtor. The Group's ECL model also incorporated forward looking information such as forecast economic conditions. As significant management judgment and estimates are required in assessing the probability of default and forward looking information, we have identified the Group's ECL assessment on trade receivables as a key audit matter.

In responding to this area of focus, our audit procedures include, amongst others, the following:

- (i) Requested confirmations from major debtor balances as at year end;
- (ii) Updated our understanding of the Group's controls and processes in determining impairment under SFRS(I) 9 and performed a walkthrough of the process which entails the following:
- -Defining default and due dates;
- -Determination of credit-impaired financial assets; and
- -Determination of the credit risk characteristics of its customers.
- (iii) Assessed the adequacy of the impairment for expected credit losses made by management as at year end by assessing the appropriateness of the Group's ECL model, contractual terms, discount rates, use of historical credit loss experience, use of forward-looking information and evaluated and tested assumptions and judgments made by management (including the appropriateness of the method used) in the determination of impairment;
- (iv) Reviewed the trade receivables aging for any long and outstanding receivables;
- (v) Reviewed and assessed the adequacy of the Group's disclosures on the trade receivables and the related risks such as credit risk and liquidity risk in Notes 8 and 27 to the consolidated financial statements.

## Independent Auditor's Report

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## Independent Auditor's Report

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## Key audit matters (cont'd)

## Valuation of investment properties

As at 30 June 2022, the carrying amount of investment properties was $342,318, which represented 9% of total assets. These investment properties are stated at their fair value, which is determined using the direct comparison method by independent external valuation experts engaged by management. The valuation process requires both management and the independent external valuation experts to exercise judgement and the value derived is dependent on key inputs and adjustments for comparability. For these reasons, we have determined this to be a key audit matter.

In responding to this area of focus, our audit procedures include, amongst others, the following:

- (i) Reviewed management's assessment of fair value and assessed the reasonableness of the inputs, assumptions and valuation model used;
- (ii) Evaluated  the  objectivity,  independence  and  professional  competency  of  the  independent  external  valuation experts;
- (iii) Discussed with the independent valuation specialists and management to obtain an understanding of the valuation methodologies, key assumptions and estimates adopted, including how they have considered the implications of COVID-19 and market uncertainty in the valuations where appropriate;
- (iv) Assessed the reasonableness of the fair value changes in investment properties; and
- (v) Assessed the appropriateness of the disclosures on the investment properties in Note 4 and the adequacy of the disclosures in Note 28(a) relating to the valuation of the investment properties.

## Other information

Management is responsible for other information. The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, but does not include the financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## Responsibilities of management and directors for the financial statements

Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with the provisions of the Act and SFRS(I), and for devising and maintaining a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to  provide  a  reasonable  assurance  that  assets  are  safeguarded  against  loss  from  unauthorised  use  or  disposition;  and transactions are properly authorised and that they are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of true and fair financial statements and to maintain accountability of assets.

In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors' responsibilities include overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## Independent Auditor's Report

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements

Our  objectives  are  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the  financial  statements  as  a  whole  are  free  from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with SSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify	and	assess	the	risks	of	material	misstatement	of	 the	financial	statements,	whether	due	to	 fraud	 or	error, design  and  perform  audit  procedures  responsive  to  those  risks,  and  obtain audit evidence that is  sufficient and appropriate  to  provide  a  basis  for  our  opinion.  The  risk  of not  detecting a  material  misstatement resulting  from fraud  is  higher  than  for  one  resulting  from  error ,  as  fraud  may  involve  collusion,  forgery ,  intentional  omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- Obtain	 an	 understanding	 of	 internal	 control	 relevant	 to	 the	 audit	 in	 order	 to	 design	 audit	 procedures	 that	 are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- Evaluate	the	appropriateness	of	accounting	policies	used	and	the	reasonableness	of	accounting	estimates	and related disclosures made by management.
- Conclude	on	the	appropriateness	of	management's	use	of	the	going	concern	basis	of	accounting	and,	based	on the  audit  evidence  obtained,  whether  a  material  uncertainty  exists  related  to  events  or  conditions  that  may  cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or,  if  such  disclosures  are  inadequate,  to  modify  our  opinion.  Our  conclusions  are  based  on  the  audit  evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate	the	overall	presentation,	structure	and	content	of	the	financial	statements,	including	the	disclosures,	and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- Obtain	sufficient	appropriate	audit	evidence	regarding	the	financial	information	of	the	entities	or	business	activities within  the  Group  to  express  an  opinion  on  the  consolidated  financial  statements.  We  are  responsible  for  the direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also  provide  the  directors  with  a  statement  that  we  have  complied  with  relevant  ethical  requirements  regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in  our  auditor's  report  unless  law  or  regulation  precludes  public  disclosure  about  the  matter  or  when,  in  extremely  rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

## Independent Auditor's Report

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## Report on other legal and regulatory requirements

In our opinion, the accounting and other records required by the Act to be kept by the Company and by those subsidiary corporations incorporated in Singapore of which we are the auditors have been properly kept in accordance with the provisions of the Act.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Philip Ling Soon Hwa.

Ernst &amp; Young LLP Public Accountants and Chartered Accountants Singapore

28 September 2022

## Balance Sheets

As at 30 June 2022

| Note  Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  Non-current assets  Plant and equipment  3  127,068  217,964  49,822  128,684  Investment properties  4  342,318  341,820  -  -  Investments in subsidiaries  5  -  -  2,132,681  2,179,136  Other receivables  8  32,197  33,065  -  -  501,583  592,849  2,182,503  2,307,820  Current assets  Development properties  6  1,578,041  1,592,165  -  -  Inventories  7  53,304  24,237  -  -  Trade and other receivables  8  800,438  923,205  5,959  6,484  Prepayments  29,281  31,947  17,404  20,922  Fixed deposits  10  202,381  234,629  -  -  Cash and bank balances  10  783,649  643,537  72,559  21,304  3,447,094  3,449,720  95,922  48,710  Total assets  3,948,677  4,042,569  2,278,425  2,356,530  Current liabilities  Trade and other payables  11  716,343  838,423  13,711  21,543  Accrued expenses  12  763,000  529,452  239,135  197,011  Due to related parties (non-trade), net  9  -  4,949  -  2,544  Due to subsidiaries (non-trade), net  9  -  -  102,034  47,240  Lease liability  13  34,802  33,072  24,479  23,443  Income tax payable  40,066  45,547  -  -  1,554,211  1,451,443  379,359  291,781  Net current assets/(liabilities)  1,892,883  1,998,277  (283,437)  (243,071)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Balance Sheets

As at 30 June 2022

| Note  Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  Non-current liabilities  Lease liability  13  68,989  103,791  38,759  63,239  Deferred tax liabilities  22  585  585  585  585  69,574  104,376  39,344  63,824  Total liabilities  1,623,785  1,555,819  418,703  355,605  Net assets  2,324,892  2,486,750  1,859,722  2,000,925  Equity attributable to owners of the Company  Share capital  14  47,109,718  47,109,718  47,109,718  47,109,718  Share option reserve  15  40,051  40,051  40,051  40,051  Foreign currency translation reserve  15  (662,508)  (666,088)  -  -  Other reserves  15  (1,527,495)  (1,527,495)  (1,527,495)  (1,527,495)  Accumulated losses  (42,803,858)  (42,630,787)  (43,762,552)  (43,621,349)  2,155,908  2,325,399  1,859,722  2,000,925  Non-controlling interests  168,984  161,351  -  -  Total equity  2,324,892  2,486,750  1,859,722  2,000,925  Total equity and liabilities  3,948,677  4,042,569  2,278,425  2,356,530   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

## Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

For the year ended 30 June 2022

| Note  2022  2021  $  $  Revenue  16  4,773,223  3,831,842  Cost of sales  (3,302,439)  (2,639,659)  Gross profit  1,470,784  1,192,183  Other items of income  Finance income  17  731  273  Other income  18  68,327  193,839  Other items of expense  Administrative expenses  (1,630,309)  (1,500,908)  Distribution and selling expenses  (34,014)  (28,609)  Finance expenses  17  (13,136)  (7,824)  Other expenses  19  (23,948)  (454,610)  Loss before tax  20  (161,565)  (605,656)  Income tax expense  22  (4,952)  (4,243)  Loss for the year  (166,517)  (609,899)  Other comprehensive income  Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss  Foreign currency translation  4,659  401,146  Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax  4,659  401,146  Total comprehensive loss for the year  (161,858)  (208,753)  (Loss)/profit for the year attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (173,071)  (605,016)  Non-controlling interests  6,554  (4,883)  (166,517)  (609,899)  Total comprehensive (loss)/income attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (169,491)  (224,780)  Non-controlling interests  7,633  16,027  (161,858)  (208,753)  Loss per share attributable to owners of the Company  (cents per share)  Basic  23  (0.011)  (0.043)  Diluted  23  (0.011)  (0.043)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

## Statements of Changes in Equity

For the year ended 30 June 2022

Attributable to owners of the Company

| 2022  Group  Total  Equity  Equity  attributable  to owners  of the  Company  Share  capital  (Note 14)  Accumulated  losses  Other  reserves  (Note 15)  Foreign  currency  translation  reserve  (Note 15)  Share option  reserve  (Note 15)  Non-  controlling  interests  $  $  $  $  $  $  $  $  Balance at 1 July 2021  2,486,750  2,325,399  47,109,718  (42,630,787)  (1,527,495)  (666,088)  40,051  161,351  Net loss for the year  (166,517)  (173,071)  -  (173,071)  -  -  -  6,554  Other comprehensive income for  the year, net of tax  Foreign currency translation differences  for foreign operations  4,659  3,580  -  -  -  3,580  -  1,079  Other comprehensive income for  the year  4,659  3,580  -  -  -  3,580  -  1,079  Total comprehensive loss for the year  (161,858)  (169,491)  -  (173,071)  -  3,580  -  7,633  Closing balance at 30 June 2022  2,324,892  2,155,908  47,109,718  (42,803,858)  (1,527,495)  (662,508)  40,051  168,984   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Attributable to owners of the Company

## Statements of Changes in Equity

For the year ended 30 June 2022

| 2021  Group  Total  equity  Equity  attributable  to owners  of the  Company  Share  capital  (Note 14)  Accumulated  losses  Other  reserves  (Note 15)  Foreign  currency  translation  reserve  (Note 15)  Share option  reserve  (Note 15)  Non-  controlling  interests  $  $  $  $  $  $  $  $  Balance at 1 July 2020  1,732,841  1,587,517  45,653,994  (42,025,771)  (1,034,433)  (1,046,324)  40,051  145,324  Net loss for the year  (609,899)  (605,016)  -  (605,016)  -  -  -  (4,883)  Other comprehensive income for  the year, net of tax  Foreign currency translation differences  for foreign operations  401,146  380,236  -  -  -  380,236  -  20,910  Other comprehensive income for  the year  401,146  380,236  -  -  -  380,236  -  20,910  Total comprehensive loss for the year  (208,753)  (224,780)  -  (605,016)  -  380,236  -  16,027  Issuance of ordinary shares  962,662  962,662  1,455,724  -  (493,062)  -  -  -  Total contribution by and distributions  to owners  962,662  962,662  1,455,724  -  (493,062)  -  -  -  Closing balance at 30 June 2021  2,486,750  2,325,399  47,109,718  (42,630,787)  (1,527,495)  (666,088)  40,051  161,351   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Statements of Changes in Equity

For the year ended 30 June 2022

| Company  Total  equity  Share capital  (Note 14)  Accumulated  losses  Other  reserves  (Note 15)  Share option  reserve  (Note 15)  $  $  $  $  $  Balance as at 1 July 2021  2,000,925  47,109,718  (43,621,349)  (1,527,495)  40,051  Net loss for the year, representing total  comprehensive loss for the year  (141,203)  -  (141,203)  -  -  Balance as at 30 June 2022  1,859,722  47,109,718  (43,762,552)  (1,527,495)  40,051  Balance as at 1 July 2020  1,628,796  45,653,994  (43,030,816)  (1,034,433)  40,051  Net loss for the year, representing total  comprehensive loss for the year  (590,533)  -  (590,533)  -  -  Issuance of ordinary shares  962,662  1,455,724  -  (493,062)  -  Total contribution by and distributions to  owners  962,662  1,455,724  -  (493,062)  -  Balance as at 30 June 2021  2,000,925  47,109,718  (43,621,349)  (1,527,495)  40,051   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

## Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

For the year ended 30 June 2022

| Note  2022  2021  $  $  Cash flow from operating activities  Loss before tax  (161,565)  (605,656)  Adjustments:  Depreciation of plant and equipment  20  100,432  103,995  Interest expense  17  10,868  5,811  Interest income  17  (731)  (273)  Fair value (gain)/loss on investment properties  18,19  (9,645)  34,273  Gain on disposal of investment property  18  -  (17,101)  Waiver of directors' remuneration  18  (50,000)  -  Write-back of allowance for inventories obsolescence  18  (435)  (687)  Write-back of payables that have expired  18  -  (595)  Unrealised exchange loss  64,201  400,576  Operating cash flows before changes in working capital  (46,875)  (79,657)  (Increase)/Decrease in inventories  (28,632)  31,422  Decrease/(Increase) in trade and other receivables  123,553  (226,576)  Decrease/(Increase) in prepayments  2,696  (7,909)  Decrease in amount due to related parties  (4,949)  -  Increase in trade and other payables  163,324  455,830  Cash generated from operations  209,117  173,110  Interest paid  (10,868)  (5,811)  Interest income received  731  273  Income taxes paid  (10,433)  (7,615)  Net cash generated from operating activities  188,547  159,957  Cash flow from investing activities  Proceeds from disposal of investment property  -  159,408  Subsequent expenditures on development properties  (27,646)  -  Purchase of plant and equipment (Note A)  (9,536)  (59,178)  Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities  (37,182)  100,230   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

For the year ended 30 June 2022

| Note  2022  2021  $  $  Cash flow from financing activities  Repayment of principal portion of lease liability  (33,072)  (26,270)  Pledged fixed deposits placement  (152)  (265)  Share issuance expenses  -  (23,462)  Net cash used in from financing activities  (33,224)  (49,997)  Net increase in cash and cash equivalents  118,141  210,190  Effect of exchange rate changes in cash and cash equivalents  (10,429)  7,089  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year  675,937  458,658  Cash and cash equivalents at end of year  10  783,649  675,937   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note A

During the year, the Group acquired plant and equipment with an aggregate cost of $9,536 (2021: $113,178) of which $Nil (2021: $54,000) was acquired under a lease liability arrangement. Cash payment of $9,536 (2021: $59,178) was made for the purchase of plant and equipment.

The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 1. Corporate information

Asian Micro Holdings Limited is a limited liability company incorporated in Singapore and is listed on the Stock Exchange of Singapore Catalist Sponsor-Supervised regime ('Catalist').

The registered office  and  principal  place  of  business  of  Asian  Micro  Holdings  Limited  is  located  at  63  Hillview Avenue, #08-01, Lam Soon Industrial Building, Singapore 669569.

The principal activity of the Company is that of investment holding.

The principal activities of the subsidiaries are those of provision of Compressed Natural Gas ('CNG') supply and related products and services, manufacturing and trading of clean room supplies, leasing of commercial properties and property development. Details of these subsidiaries are disclosed in Note 5 to the financial statements.

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies

## 2.1 Basis of preparation

The consolidated financial statements of the Group and the balance sheet and statement of changes in equity of  the  Company have been prepared in accordance with Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) (SFRS(I)).

The financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis.

The financial statements are presented in Singapore Dollars (SGD or $).

At the end of the reporting year, the Company's current liabilities exceeded its current assets by $283,437 (2021: $243,071). The directors are of the view that it is appropriate to prepare the Group's and the Company's financial statements on a going concern basis due to the following:

- (i) The Group and the Company will be able to generate adequate cash flows to maintain a positive cash and cash equivalent position; and
- (ii) Two of the Company's existing major shareholders (one of whom is also a director of the Company) have agreed to provide continuing financial support to the Group and the Company to enable the Group and the Company to meet their obligations as and when the need arises.

## 2.2 Changes in accounting policies

The accounting policies adopted are consistent with those of the previous financial year except in the current financial  year,  the  Group  has  adopted  all  the  new  and  revised  standards  which  are  effective  for  annual  financial periods beginning on or after 1 July 2021. The adoption of these standards did not have any material effect on the financial performance or position of the Group and the Company.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (cont'd)

## 2.3 Standards issued but not yet effective

The Group has not adopted the following standards and interpretations that have been issued but not yet effective:

| ## Description  Effective for annual  periods beginning on  or after  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-16  Property, Plant and Equipment:  Proceeds before  Intended Use  1 January 2022  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-37  Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent  Assets:  Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract  1 January 2022  Annual Improvements to SFRS(I)s 2018-2020  1 January 2022  Amendment to SFRS(I) 1-1:  Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current  1 January 2023  Amendments to SFRS(I) 10  Consolidated Financial Statements  and SFRS(I) 1-28  Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures: Sale or Contribution of Assets  between Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture  Date to be determined   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  directors  expect  that  the  adoption  of  the  standards  above  will  have  no  material  impact  on  the  financial statements in the period of initial application.

## 2.4 Significant accounting judgements and estimates

The  preparation  of  the  Group's  consolidated  financial  statements  requires  management  to  make  judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities and the disclosures of contingent liabilities at the end of each reporting period. Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that require a material adjustment to the carrying amount of the asset or liability affected in the future periods.

The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period are discussed below. The Group based its assumptions and estimates on parameters available when the financial statements were prepared. Existing circumstances and assumptions about future developments, however, may change due to market changes or circumstances arising beyond the control of the Group. Such changes are reflected in the assumptions when they occur.

## Key sources of estimation uncertainty

## (i) Expected credit losses on trade receivables

The Group computes expected credit loss for trade receivables using the simplified approach. In calculating the expected credit loss for each debtor, the Group adjusts for forward looking macroeconomic data such as GDP growth and central bank base rates.

The assessment of the correlation between historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions and ECLs is a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and of forecast  economic  conditions.  The  Group's  historical  credit  loss  experience  and  forecast  of  economic conditions may also not be representative of customer's actual default in the future. The information about the ECLs on the Group's trade receivables is disclosed in Note 8 and Note 27.

The carrying amount of trade receivables as at 30 June 2022 is $773,219 (2021: $898,283).

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (cont'd)

## 2.4 Significant accounting judgements and estimates (cont'd)

## Key sources of estimation uncertainty (cont'd)

## (ii) Valuation of investment properties

The Group carries its investment properties at fair value, with changes in fair value being recognised in profit or loss. The fair values are determined by independent external appraisers using recognised valuation techniques such as the direct comparison method.

The direct comparison method involves the comparison of recent sales transactions of similar properties and making adjustments for comparability. Management is of the view that the valuation methods and estimates are reflective of the current market condition. The valuation of properties is described in more detail in Note 28(a).

## 2.5 Basis of consolidation

## (a) Basis of consolidation

The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries as at the end of the reporting period. The financial statements of the subsidiaries used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are prepared for the same reporting date as the Company. Consistent accounting policies are applied to like transactions and events in similar circumstances.

All  intra-group balances, income and expenses and unrealised gains and losses resulting from intra-group transactions and dividends are eliminated in full.

Subsidiaries  are  consolidated  from  the  date  of  acquisition,  being  the  date  on  which  the  Group  obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.

Losses  within  a  subsidiary  are  attributed  to  the  non-controlling  interest  even  if  that  results  in  a  deficit balance.

A change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction. If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it:

- -De-recognises the assets (including goodwill) and liabilities of the subsidiary at their carrying amounts at the date when controls is lost;
- -De-recognises the carrying amount of any non-controlling interest;
- -De-recognises the cumulative translation differences recorded in equity;
- -Recognises the fair value of the consideration received;
- -Recognises the fair value of any investment retained;
- -Recognises any surplus or deficit in profit or loss;
- -Re-classifies the Group's share of components previously recognised in other comprehensive income to profit or loss or retained earnings, as appropriate.

Certain of the above-mentioned requirements were applied on a prospective basis. The following differences, however, are carried forward in certain instances from the previous basis of consolidation:

- -Losses incurred by the Group were attributed to the non-controlling interest until the balance was reduced to nil. Any further losses were attributed to the Group, unless the non-controlling interest had a binding obligation to cover these. Losses prior to 1 January 2010 were not reallocated between non-controlling interest and the owners of the Company.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (cont'd)

## 2.5 Basis of consolidation (cont'd)

## (b) Business combinations

Business combinations are accounted for by applying the acquisition method.  Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. Acquisition-related costs are recognised as expenses in the periods in which the costs are incurred and the services are received.

Any  contingent  consideration  to  be  transferred  by  the  acquirer  will  be  recognised  at  fair  value  at  the acquisition date. Subsequent changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration which is deemed to be an asset or liability, will be recognised in profit or loss.

The Group elects for each individual business combination, whether non-controlling interest in the acquiree (if any), that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of net assets in the event of liquidation, is recognised on the acquisition date at fair value, or at the non-controlling interest's proportionate share of the acquiree's identifiable net assets. Other components of non-controlling interests are measured at their acquisition date fair value, unless another measurement basis is required by another SFRS (I).

Any excess of the sum of the fair value of the consideration transferred in the business combination, the amount of non-controlling interest in the acquiree (if any), and the fair value of the Group's previously held equity interest in the acquiree (if any), over the net fair value of the acquiree's identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. In instances where the latter amount exceeds the former, the excess is recognised as gain on bargain purchase in profit or loss on the acquisition date.

## 2.6 Transactions with non-controlling interests

Non-controlling interests represents the equity in subsidiaries not attributable, directly or indirectly, to owners of the Company.

Changes in the Company's ownership interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for  as  equity  transactions.  In  such  circumstances,  the  carrying  amounts  of  the  controlling  and  non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests is adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (cont'd)

## 2.7 Foreign currency

The financial statements are presented in Singapore Dollars, which is also the Company's functional currency. Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency.

## (a) Transactions and balances

Transactions in foreign currencies are measured in the respective functional currencies of the Company and its  subsidiaries and are recorded on initial recognition in the functional currencies at exchange rates approximating those ruling at the transaction dates. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the rate of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates  as  at  the  dates  of  the  initial  transactions.  Non-monetary  items  measured  at  fair  value  in  a  foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured.

Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items or on translating monetary items at the end of the reporting period are recognised in profit or loss.

## (b) Consolidated financial statements

For  consolidation  purpose,  the  assets  and  liabilities  of  foreign  operations  are  translated  into  Singapore Dollars at the rate of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period and their profit or loss are translated at  the  exchange  rates  prevailing  at  the  date  of  the  transactions.  The  exchange  differences  arising  on the  translation  are  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income.  On  disposal  of  a  foreign  operation,  the component of other comprehensive income relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised in profit or loss.

## 2.8 Plant and equipment

All items of plant and equipment are initially recorded at cost. Subsequent to recognition, plant and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment loss.

Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:

| Years  Furniture and fittings  5 - 10  Air conditioners  3 - 10  Machinery, equipment and motor vehicles  3 - 10  Office equipment and computers  5 - 10  Renovations and electrical installations  3 - 10   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Fully depreciated assets are retained in the financial statements until they are no longer in use.

The carrying values of plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.

The residual  value,  useful  life  and  depreciation  method  are  reviewed  at  each  financial  year-end,  and  adjusted prospectively, if appropriate.

An item of plant and equipment is de-recognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on de-recognition of the asset is included in the profit or loss in the year the asset is de-recognised.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (cont'd)

## 2.9 Investment properties

Investment properties are properties that are either owned by the Group or leased under a finance lease that are held to earn rentals or for capital appreciation, or both, rather than for use in the production or supply of goods or services, or for administrative purposes, or in the ordinary course of business. Investment properties comprise completed  investment  properties  and  properties  that  are  being  constructed  or  developed  for  future  use  as investment properties. Properties held under operating leases are classified as investment properties when the definition of an investment property is met.

Investment properties are initially measured at cost, including transaction costs.

Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are measured at fair value. Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair values of investment properties are included in profit or loss in the year in which they arise.

Investment properties are derecognised when either they have been disposed of or when the investment property is permanently withdrawn from use and no future economic benefit is expected from its disposal. Any gains or losses on the retirement or disposal of an investment property are recognised in profit or loss in the year of retirement or disposal.

## 2.10 Impairment of non-financial assets

The Group assesses at each reporting date whether there is an indication that an asset may be impaired. If any such indication exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the Group makes an estimate of the asset's recoverable amount.

An asset's recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's or cash-generating unit's fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets. Where the carrying amount of an asset or cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount.

Impairment losses of continuing operations are recognised in profit or loss.

A previously recognised impairment loss is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the asset's recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognised. If that is the case, the carrying  amount of the asset is increased to its recoverable amount. That increase cannot exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation, had no impairment loss been recognised previously. Such reversal is recognised in the profit or loss.

## 2.11 Subsidiaries

A subsidiary is an investee that is controlled by the Group. The Group controls an investee when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee.

In  the  Company's  separate  financial  statements,  investments  in  subsidiaries  are  accounted  for  at  cost  less impairment losses.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (cont'd)

## 2.12 Financial instruments

## (a) Financial assets

## Initial recognition and measurement

Financial assets are recognised when, and only when the entity becomes party to the contractual provisions of the instruments.

At  initial  recognition,  the  Group  measures  a  financial  asset  at  its  fair  value  plus,  in  the  case  of  a  financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of  the  financial  asset.  Transaction  costs  of  financial  assets  carried  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  are expensed in profit or loss.

Trade receivables are measured at the amount of consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a customer, excluding amounts collected on behalf of third party, if the trade receivables do not contain a significant financing component at initial recognition.

## Subsequent measurement

## Investments in debt instruments

Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group's business model for managing the asset and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the asset. The measurement category for classification of debt instruments is:

## (i) Amortised cost

Financial  assets  that  are  held  for  the  collection  of  contractual  cash  flows  where  those  cash  flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Financial assets are  measured  at  amortised  cost  using  the  effective  interest  method,  less  impairment.  Gains  and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the assets are derecognised or impaired, and through amortisation process.

## De-recognition

A financial  asset  is  de-recognised  where  the  contractual  right  to  receive  cash  flows  from  the  asset  has expired. On de-recognition of a financial asset in its entirety, the difference between the carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and any cumulative gain or loss that had been recognised in other comprehensive income is recognised in profit or loss.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (cont'd)

## 2.12 Financial instruments (cont'd)

## (b) Financial liabilities

## Initial recognition and measurement

Financial  liabilities  are  recognised  when,  and  only  when,  the  Group  becomes  a  party  to  the  contractual provisions of the financial  instrument.  The  Group  determines the classification  of  its  financial  liabilities  at initial recognition.

All  financial  liabilities  are  recognised  initially  at  fair  value  plus  in  the  case  of  financial  liabilities  not  at  fair value through profit or loss, directly attributable transaction costs.

## Subsequent measurement

After  initial  recognition,  other  financial  liabilities  are  subsequently  measured  at  amortised  cost  using  the effective  interest  method.  Gains  and  losses  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  when  the  liabilities  are  derecognised, and through the amortisation process.

## De-recognition

A financial  liability  is  de-recognised  when  the  obligation  under  the  liability  is  discharged  or  cancelled  or expires.  When an existing financial liability  is  replaced  by  another  from  the  same  lender  on  substantially different  terms,  or  the  terms  of  an  existing  liability  are  substantially  modified,  such  an  exchange  or modification is treated as a de-recognition of the original liability and the recognition of a new liability, and the  difference  in  the  respective  carrying  amounts  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss.  On  de-recognition,  the difference between the carrying amounts and the consideration paid is recognised in profit or loss.

## (c) Offsetting of financial instruments

Financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  are  offset  and  the  net  amount  is  presented  in  the  balance  sheets, when and only when, there is a currently enforceable legal right to set off the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

## 2.13 Impairment of financial assets

The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (ECLs) for all debt instruments not held at fair value through profit or loss and financial guarantee contracts. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash  flows  due  in  accordance  with  the  contract  and  all  the  cash  flows  that  the  Group  expects  to  receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (cont'd)

## 2.13 Impairment of financial assets (cont'd)

ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in credit  risk  since  initial  recognition,  ECLs  are  provided  for  credit  losses  that  result  from  default  events  that  are possible  within  the  next  12-months  (a  12-month  ECL).  For  those  credit  exposures  for  which  there  has  been  a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is recognised for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

For trade receivables, the Group applies a simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Therefore, the group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECL at each reporting date. This loss allowance is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.

The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 90 days past due. However, in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.

## 2.14 Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and at bank, demand deposits and fixed deposits that are short-term, highly liquid and readily convertible to known amount of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.

## 2.15 Development properties

Development properties are properties acquired or being constructed for sale in the ordinary course of business, rather than to be held for the Group's own use, rental or capital appreciation.

Development properties are held as inventories and are measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value.

Net realisable value of development properties is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, based on market prices at the reporting date and discounted for the time value of money if material, less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

The costs of development properties recognised in profit or loss on disposal are determined with reference to the specific costs incurred on the property sold and an allocation of any non-specific costs based on the relative size of the property sold.

## 2.16 Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition are accounted for as follows:

- -Finished goods - costs of direct materials and labour and a proportion of manufacturing overheads based on normal operating capacity. These costs are assigned on a first-in first-out basis.

Where necessary, allowance is provided for damaged, obsolete and slow moving items to adjust the carrying value of inventories to the lower of cost and net realisable value.

Net  realisable  value  is  the  estimated  selling  price  in  the  ordinary  course  of  business,  less  estimated  costs  of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (cont'd)

## 2.17 Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event,  it  is  probable  that  an  outflow  of  resources  embodying  economic  benefits  will  be  required  to  settle  the obligation and the amount of the obligation can be estimated reliably.

Provisions are reviewed at each balance sheet date and adjusted to reflect the current best estimate. If it is no longer probable that an outflow of economic resources will be required to settle the obligation, the provision is reversed. If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are discounted using a current pre tax rate that  reflects,  where  appropriate,  the  risks  specific  to  the  liability.  When  discounting  is  used,  the  increase  in  the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as a finance cost.

## 2.18 Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connections with the borrowing of funds.

## 2.19 Employee benefits

## (a) Defined contribution plan

The Group participates in the national pension schemes as defined by the laws of the countries in which it  has  operations.  In  particular,  the  Singapore  companies  in  the  Group  make  contributions  to  the  Central Provident  Fund  scheme  in  Singapore,  a  defined  contribution  pension  scheme.  Contributions  to  defined contribution pension schemes are recognised as an expense in the period in which the related service is performed.

## (b) Employee share option plan

Employees and directors of the Group receive remuneration in the form of share options as consideration for  services  rendered. The cost of these equity-settled share based payment transactions with employees is measured by reference to the fair value of the options at the date on which the options are granted which takes into account market conditions and non-vesting conditions. This cost is recognised in profit or loss, with a corresponding increase in the employee share option reserve, over the vesting period. The cumulative expense recognised at each reporting date until the vesting date reflects the extent to which the vesting period has expired and the Group's best estimate of the number of options that will ultimately vest. The charge or credit to profit or loss for a period represents the movement in cumulative expense recognised as at the beginning and end of that period and is recognised in employee benefits expense.

No  expense  is  recognised  for  options  that  do  not  ultimately  vest,  except  for  options  where  vesting  is conditional  upon a market or non-vesting condition, which are treated as vested irrespective of whether or not the market condition or non-vesting condition is satisfied, provided that all other performance and/ or service conditions are satisfied. In the case where the option does not vest as the result of a failure to meet a non-vesting condition that is within the control of the Group or the employee, it is accounted for as a cancellation. In such case, the amount of the compensation cost that otherwise would be recognised over the remainder of the vesting period is recognised immediately in profit or loss upon cancellation. The employee share option reserve is transferred to retained earnings upon expiry of the share option.

## (c) Equity-settled share-based payment transactions

Equity-settled share-based payment transactions are measured at the fair value of the goods obtained or services received, with a corresponding increase in equity. If an entity cannot reliably estimate the fair value of the goods obtained or services received, it must measure their value indirectly using the fair value of the equity instruments at grant date.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (cont'd)

## 2.20 Leases

The  Group  assesses  at  contract  inception  whether  a  contract  is,  or  contains,  a  lease.  That  is,  if  the  contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

## (a) As lessee

The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.

## (i) Right-of-use assets

The Group recognises right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date the underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term and the estimated useful lives of the assets.

If  ownership  of  the  leased  asset  transfers  to  the  Group  at  the  end  of  the  lease  term  or  the  cost reflects  the  exercise  of  a  purchase  option,  depreciation  is  calculated  using  the  estimated  useful life  of  the  asset.  The  right-of-use  assets  are  also  subject  to  impairment.  The  accounting  policy  for impairment is disclosed in Note 2.10. The Group's right-of-use assets are presented within plant and equipment in Note 3.

## (ii) Lease liabilities

At  the  commencement  date  of  the  lease,  the  Group  recognises  lease  liabilities  measured  at  the present value of lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain  to  be  exercised  by  the  Group  and  payments  of  penalties  for  terminating  the  lease,  if  the lease  term  reflects  the  Group  exercising  the  option  to  terminate.  Variable  lease  payments  that  do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as expenses (unless they are incurred to produce inventories) in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

In  calculating  the  present  value  of  lease  payments,  the  Group  uses  its  incremental  borrowing rate  at  the  lease  commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in the lease payments (e.g., changes to future payments resulting from a change in an index or rate used to  determine  such  lease  payments)  or  a  change  in  the  assessment  of  an  option  to  purchase  the underlying asset.

## (iii) Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases (i.e., those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). It also applies the lease of low-value assets recognition exemption to leases that are considered to be low value. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (cont'd)

## 2.20 Leases (cont'd)

## (b) As lessor

Leases  where  the  Group  retains  substantially  all  the  risks  and  rewards  of  ownership  of  the  asset  are classified  as  operating  leases.  Initial  direct  costs  incurred  in  negotiating  an  operating  lease  are  added  to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same bases as rental income. The accounting policy for rental income is set out in Note 2.21(d).

## 2.21 Revenue recognition

Revenue is  measured  based  on  the  consideration  to  which  the  Group  expects  to  be  entitled  in  exchange  for transferring promised goods or services to a customer, excluding amounts collected on behalf of third parties.

Revenue is recognised when the Group satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a promised good or service  to  the  customer,  which  is  when  the  customer  obtains  control  of  the  good  or  service.  A  performance obligation  may  be  satisfied  at  a  point  in  time  or  over  time.  The  amount  of  revenue  recognised  is  the  amount allocated to the satisfied performance obligation.

## (a) Sale of goods

Revenue from sale of goods is recognised upon satisfaction of performance obligation to the customer, usually  on  delivery  of  goods.  Revenue  is  not  recognised  to  the  extent  where  there  are  significant uncertainties regarding recovery of the consideration due, associated costs or the possible return of goods.

## (b) Compressed natural gas supply products and services

Revenue on compressed natural gas supply products is recognised upon the completion of installation and commissioning of the equipment, and satisfaction of performance obligation through the delivery of the compressed natural gas to the customer. Revenue on services is recognised when services are rendered.

## (c) Interest income

Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method.

## (d) Rental income

Rental income is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

## 2.22 Taxes

## (a) Current income tax

Current  income  tax  assets  and  liabilities  for  the  current  and  prior  periods  are  measured  at  the  amount expected  to  be  recovered  from  or  paid  to  the  taxation  authorities.  The  tax  rates  and  tax  laws  used  to compute the amount are those that are enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period, in the countries where the Group operates and generates taxable income.

Current  income  taxes  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  except  to  the  extent  that  the  tax  relates  to  items recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. Management periodically  evaluates  positions  taken  in  the  tax  returns  with  respect  to  situations  in  which  applicable  tax regulations are subject to interpretation and establishes provisions where appropriate.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (cont'd)

## 2.22 Taxes (cont'd)

## (b) Deferred tax

Deferred tax is  provided  using  the  liability  method  on  temporary  differences  at  the  end  of  the  reporting period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all temporary differences, except:

- -Where the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
- -In  respect  of  taxable  temporary  differences  associated  with  investments  in  subsidiaries,  associates and interests in joint ventures, where the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses, to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised except:

- -Where the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
- -In  respect  of  taxable  temporary  differences  associated  with  investments  in  subsidiaries,  associates and interests in joint ventures, where the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each reporting period and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that future taxable profit will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the end of each reporting period.

Deferred tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is recognised outside profit or loss. Deferred tax items are recognised in correlation to the underlying transaction either in other comprehensive income or  directly  in  equity  and  deferred  tax  arising  from  a  business  combination  is  adjusted  against  goodwill  on acquisition.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (cont'd)

## 2.22 Taxes (cont'd)

## (c) Sales tax

Revenue, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of sales tax except:

- -Where the sales tax incurred on a purchase of assets or services is not recoverable from the taxation authority, in which case the sales tax is recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense item as applicable; and
- -Receivables and payables that are stated with the amount of sales tax included.

The net amount of sales tax recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is included as part of receivables or payables in the balance sheet.

## 2.23 Government grants

Government grants are recognised when there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. Where the grant relates to an asset, the fair value is recognised as deferred capital grant on the statement of financial position and is amortised to profit or loss over the expected useful life of the relevant asset by equal annual instalments. Where the grant relates to income, it is recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the entity recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate.

Where loans or similar assistance are provided by governments or related institutions with an interest rate below the current applicable market rate, the effect of this favourable interest is regarded as additional government grant.

## 2.24 Segment reporting

For management purposes, the Group is organised into operating segments based on their products and services which are independently managed by the respective managers responsible for the performance of the respective segments under their charge. The respective managers report directly to the Executive Directors of the Company who regularly review the segment results in order to allocate resources to the segments and to assess the segment performance. Additional disclosures on each of these segments are shown in Note 30, including the factors used to identify the reportable segments and the measurement basis of segment information.

## 2.25 Share capital and share issue expenses

Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares are recognised as share capital in equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issuance of ordinary shares are deducted against share capital.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

| Group  Furniture  and fittings  Air conditioners  Machinery,  equipment and  motor vehicles  Office  equipment and  computers  Renovations  and electrical  installations  Total  $  $  $  $  $  $  Cost  At 1 July 2020  43,037  4,472  818,540  11,894  680  878,623  Additions  -  -  99,354  8,862  4,962  113,178  Translation difference  -  -  (529)  -  -  (529)  At 1 July 2021 and 30 June 2021  43,037  4,472  917,365  20,756  5,642  991,272  Additions  -  2,616  5,800  1,120  -  9,536  Translation difference  -  -  (3,265)  -  -  (3,265)  At 30 June 2022  43,037  7,088  919,900  21,876  5,642  997,543  Accumulated depreciation  At 1 July 2020  43,037  3,561  613,454  9,132  680  669,864  Charge for the year  -  561  101,288  1,402  744  103,995  Translation difference  -  -  (551)  -  -  (551)  At 1 July 2021 and 30 June 2021  43,037  4,122  714,191  10,534  1,424  773,308  Charge for the year  -  743  96,037  2,660  992  100,432  Translation difference  -  -  (3,265)  -  -  (3,265)  At 30 June 2022  43,037  4,865  806,963  13,194  2,416  870,475   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

3. Plant and equipment (cont'd)

| Group  Furniture  and fittings  Air conditioners  Machinery,  equipment and  motor vehicles  Office  equipment and  computers  Renovations  and electrical  installations  Total  $  $  $  $  $  $  Net book value  At 30 June 2021  -  350  203,174  10,222  4,218  217,964  At 30 June 2022  -  2,223  112,937  8,682  3,226  127,068   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 30 June 2022, the Group has right-of-use assets amounting to $81,648 (2021: $168,944), classified within machinery, equipment and motor vehicles. Details of right-of-use assets are disclosed in Note 13.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 3. Plant and equipment (cont'd)

| Company  Motor  vehicles  Furniture  and fittings  Office  equipment and  computers  Total  $  $  $  $  Cost  At 1 July 2020  287,715  43,036  -  330,751  Additions  11,975  -  5,854  17,829  At 1 July 2021, 30 June 2021 and  30 June 2022  299,690  43,036  5,854  348,580  Accumulated depreciation  At 1 July 2020  98,276  43,036  -  141,312  Depreciation charge for the year  78,291  -  293  78,584  At 1 July 2021 and 30 June 2021  176,567  43,036  293  219,896  Depreciation charge for the year  77,691  -  1,171  78,862  At 30 June 2022  254,258  43,036  1,464  298,758  Net book value  At 30 June 2021  123,123  -  5,561  128,684  At 30 June 2022  45,432  -  4,390  49,822   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 30 June 2022, the Company has right-of-use assets amounting to $37,648 (2021: $112,944), classified within motor vehicles. Details of right-of-use assets are disclosed in Note 13.

## 4. Investment properties

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Balance sheet:  At 1 July  341,820  520,606  Disposal  -  (142,307)  Fair value gain/(loss) recognised in profit or loss  9,645  (34,273)  Translation difference  (9,147)  (2,206)  At 30 June  342,318  341,820   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 4. Investment properties (cont'd)

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Income statement:  Rental income from investment properties  15,078  18,989  Direct operating expenses from investment properties  (2,665)  (2,662)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Valuation of investment properties

Investment properties are stated at fair value, which has been determined by independent valuation expert engaged by management, based on comparison with similar transacted properties close to year end. Details of valuation technique and inputs used are disclosed in Note 28.

The investment properties held by the Group as at 30 June 2022 are as follows:

| Description and location  Existing use  Tenure  Area  (square metres)  Three commercial units in Gurney Tower, Penang, Malaysia  Office  Freehold  164   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5. Investments in subsidiaries

| Company  2022  2021  $  $  Unquoted equity investments, at cost  5,324,455  5,324,455  Loans to subsidiaries  2,206,475  2,206,475  7,530,930  7,530,930  Less: Impairment loss  (5,398,249)  (5,351,794)  Carrying amount of investments  2,132,681  2,179,136   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The loans to subsidiaries amounting to $2,206,475 (2021: $2,206,475) are non-interest bearing, unsecured and form part of the Company's net investment in subsidiary companies. Settlements are neither planned nor likely to occur in the foreseeable future.

## Movement in allowance for impairment:

| At 1 July  5,351,794  5,309,067  Charge for the year  46,455  42,801  Write-off  -  (74)  As at 30 June  5,398,249  5,351,794   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the financial year ended 30 June 2022, the Company has re-assessed the carrying amounts of investment in subsidiaries and has recognised an impairment loss of $46,455 (2021: $42,801).

## Investments in subsidiaries (cont'd)

5.

Composition of the Group a.

Details of the subsidiaries held by the Company at the end of the financial year are as follows:

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

| Name of company  Country of  incorporation  and place of  business  Principal activities  Proportion (%)  of ownership interest  Cost of investment by  the Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  %  %  $  $  Held by the Company  Asian Micro (Thailand) Co., Ltd.  ('AMT')  (3)  Thailand  Currently under voluntary  liquidation  100  100  1,510,101  1,510,101  AM NGV (S) Pte. Ltd.  ('AM NGV (S)')  (1)  Singapore  Trading in natural gas  vehicle ('NGV') and  compressed natural gas  ('CNG') supplies  100  100  600,000  600,000  ACI Industries Pte. Ltd. ('ACI')  (1)  Singapore  Trading in clean room  supplies  100  100  168,387  168,387  Asian Micro Sdn. Bhd. ('AMM')  (2)  Malaysia  Currently inactive  100  100  3,895,857  3,895,857   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

Details of the subsidiaries held by the Company at the end of the financial year are as follows (cont'd):

Country of

| Name of company  incorporation  and place of  business  Principal activities  Proportion (%)  of ownership interest  Cost of investment by  the Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  %  %  $  $  AM NGV (T) Co., Ltd.  ('AM NGV (T)')  (3)  Thailand  Currently under voluntary  liquidation  74  74  250,000  250,000  Leverage Income Sdn. Bhd. (''Leverage  Income'')  (2)  Note (a)  Malaysia  Property development  49  49  522,808  522,808  Asian Micro Capital Sdn.  Bhd. (''AMC'')  (2)  Note (a)  Malaysia  Investment properties  49  49  583,777  583,777  7,530,930  7,530,930   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Investments in subsidiaries (cont'd)

5.

## a. Composition of the Group (cont'd)

Audited by Ernst &amp; Young LLP , Singapore

(1)

Audited by Tee &amp; Partners, Malaysia

(2)

(3) Not required to be audited by the laws of its country of incorporation

Note (a): While the Group holds 49% of the issued share capital in Leverage Income and AMC each, it has control over the financial and  operational  policies  via  the  majority  representation  on  the  board  of  directors  of  both  Leverage  Income  and  AMC. Accordingly, Leverage Income and AMC are accounted for as the subsidiaries of the Group.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 5. Investments in subsidiaries (cont'd)

## b. Interest in subsidiaries with material non-controlling interest (NCI)

The Group has the following subsidiary that has NCI that is material to the Group.

| Name of subsidiary  Principal  place of  business  Proportion  of ownership  interest held by  non-controlling  interest  Profit/(loss)  allocated to  NCI during the  reporting year  Accumulated  NCI at the end  of reporting  year  Dividend  paid to NCI  30 June 2022:  AM NGV (T) Co., Ltd.  ('AM NGV (T)')  Thailand  26  15,243  196,077  Nil  Leverage Income Sdn.  Bhd. ('Leverage  Income')  Malaysia  51  (8,902)  9,398  Nil  Asian Micro Capital Sdn.  Bhd. ('AMC')  Malaysia  51  1,292  (36,491)  Nil  30 June 2021:  AM NGV (T) Co., Ltd.  ('AM NGV (T)')  Thailand  26  23,144  180,834  Nil  Leverage Income Sdn.  Bhd. ('Leverage  Income')  Malaysia  51  (3,708)  18,300  Nil  Asian Micro Capital Sdn.  Bhd. ('AMC')  Malaysia  51  (3,409)  (37,783)  Nil   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Significant restriction:

There  is  no  significant  restriction  on  the  Group's  ability  to  use  or  access  assets  and  settle  liabilities  of subsidiary with material non-controlling interests.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## Investments in subsidiaries (cont'd)

## Summarised balance sheets

## 5.

## c. Summarised financial information about subsidiary with material NCI

Summarised financial information including goodwill on acquisition and consolidation adjustments but before intercompany eliminations of subsidiaries with material non-controlling interests are as follows:

| Leverage Income  AMC  AM NGV (T)  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  $  $  Non-current:  Assets  -  -  342,318  341,820  -  -  Current:  Assets  1,581,056  1,592,819  172,178  171,827  -  -  Liabilities  (1,070,767)  (1,065,075)  (3,410)  (5,094)  (1,172,475)  (1,231,099)  Net current assets/(liabilities)  510,289  527,744  168,768  166,733  (1,172,475)  (1,231,099)  Net assets/(liabilities)  510,289  527,744  511,086  508,553  (1,172,475)  (1,231,099)  Summarised statement of comprehensive income  (Loss)/profit before income tax  (3,678)  (5,041)  21,341  (291)  -  -  (Loss)/profit after tax  (3,678)  (5,041)  16,528  (4,534)  -  -  Total comprehensive income/(loss)  10,098  (2,811)  30,523  (2,384)  (58,624)  (89,017)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

Group

## 6. Development properties

Freehold land

Development costs

## Summary of development properties

Description and location

Two plots of land located in Mukim 11 Daerah Barat Daya Penang, Malaysia

## 7. Inventories

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Balance sheet:  Finished goods (at lower of cost and net realisable value)  53,304  24,237  Income statement:  Inventories recognised as an expense in cost of sales  2,983,471  2,320,883  Inclusive of the following credit:  - Write-back of allowance for inventories obsolescence  435  687   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the financial year, no allowance was made by the Group (2021: $Nil) for inventory obsolescence.

The reversal of write-down of inventories was made when the related inventories were sold above their carrying amounts.

2022

$

1,542,904

35,137

1,578,041

% owned

100

2021

$

1,584,472

7,693

1,592,165

Area

(square metres)

2,649

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 8. Trade and other receivables

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  Trade and other receivables  (non-current):  Loan to non-controlling interest of  a subsidiary  32,197  33,065  -  -  Total trade and other receivables  (non-current)  32,197  33,065  -  -  Trade and other receivables (current):  Trade receivables  773,219  898,283  -  -  Other debtors  18,994  17,557  2,172  3,547  Deposits  8,225  7,365  3,787  2,937  Total trade and other receivables (current)  800,438  923,205  5,959  6,484  Total trade and other receivables  832,635  956,270  5,959  6,484  Add: Cash and bank balances and fixed deposits  (Note 10)  986,030  878,166  72,559  21,304  Less: Goods and services tax ('GST') receivable  (16,796)  (14,715)  (2,172)  (3,547)  Total financial assets carried at amortised cost  1,801,869  1,819,721  76,346  24,241   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Trade and other receivables

Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and are generally on 30 to 120 days terms. They are recognised at their original invoice amounts which represent their fair values on initial recognition.

Non-current loan to non-controlling interest of a subsidiary is unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand. The Group does not expect any repayment in the next 12 months.

None of the receivables were subject to offsetting arrangements.

As at 30 June 2022, trade receivables of the Group denominated in foreign currency are as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  United States dollars  398,630  628,905   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 8. Trade and other receivables (cont'd)

## Expected credit loss

The movement in allowance for expected credit losses of trade receivables computed based on lifetime ECL are as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Movement in trade receivables allowance accounts:  At 1 July  9,946  10,438  Exchange differences  (324)  (492)  At 30 June  9,622  9,946   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 9. Due to subsidiaries (non-trade), net Due to related parties (non-trade), net

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  Gross amounts due from subsidiaries (non-trade)  -  -  6,637,529  6,606,253  Less: Allowance for expected credit losses  -  -  (6,637,529)  (6,606,253)  -  -  -  -  Due to subsidiaries (non-trade), net  -  -  102,034  47,240  Due to related parties (non-trade), net  -  4,949  -  2,544   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

These amounts are unsecured, interest-free, repayable on demand and are to be settled in cash.

Amounts due from subsidiaries (non-trade), net are stated after deducting the following allowance for expected credit losses:

| Company  2022  2021  $  $  Movement of allowance for expected credit losses  Balance at 1 July  6,606,253  14,985,937  Charge for the year  31,276  552,165  Write-off  (1)  -  (8,931,849)  Balance at 30 June  6,637,529  6,606,253   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Included  in  the  write-off  for  the  financial  year  ended  2021  is  an  allowance  for  expected  credit  losses  amounting  to $8,931,849 provided in prior years for the receivables from Asian Micro (Thailand) Co., Ltd. The subsidiary is currently under voluntary liquidation.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 10. Fixed deposits Cash and bank balances

Cash and cash equivalents as at 30 June were as follows:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  Cash and bank balances  783,649  643,537  72,559  21,304  Fixed deposits  202,381  234,629  -  -  986,030  878,166  72,559  21,304  Less: Fixed deposits pledged  (202,381)  (202,229)  -  -  Cash and cash equivalents  783,649  675,937  72,559  21,304   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Cash at bank earns interest at rates based on daily bank deposit rates is 0.004% (2021: 0.004%) per annum.

Fixed deposits are placed with financial institutions for varying periods of between 3 months to 6 months depending on the immediate cash requirements of the Group. The fixed deposits earn interest at fixed deposit rates of 0.05% to 0.10% (2021: 0.01% to 0.05%) per annum for SGD fixed deposit.

Fixed deposits of $202,381 (2021: $202,229) are pledged to the banks to obtain credit trade facilities. The credit trade facilities are also secured by:

- (i) corporate guarantee of $440,000 (2021: $440,000) from the Company; and
- (ii) joint and several guarantee of $440,000 (2021: $440,000) from two major shareholders of the Company (one of whom is also a director of the Company).

As at 30 June 2022, there were no outstanding balances for the credit trade facilities (2021: $Nil).

As at 30 June 2022, cash and bank balances of the Group denominated in foreign currency are as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  United States dollars  193,914  140,091   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------|

Cash and cash equivalents of the Company were denominated in its functional currency.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 11. Trade and other payables

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  Trade and other payables:  Trade payables  669,907  785,866  -  -  Other payables  46,436  52,557  13,711  21,543  Total trade and other payables  716,343  838,423  13,711  21,543  Add:  Accrued expenses (Note 12)  763,000  529,452  239,135  197,011  Due to related parties (non-trade) (current) (Note 9)  -  4,949  -  2,544  Due to subsidiaries (non-trade), net (Note 9)  -  -  102,034  47,240  Lease liability (Note 13):  - current  34,802  33,072  24,479  23,443  - non-current  68,989  103,791  38,759  63,239  Less: GST payable  (17,878)  (2,321)  -  -  Total financial liabilities carried  at amortised cost  1,565,256  1,507,366  418,118  355,020   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Trade payables

Trade payables are non-interest bearing and are normally settled on 30 to 90 days terms.

As at 30 June, trade payables of the Group denominated in foreign currencies are as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  United States dollars  62,898  60,849   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------|

Other payables

Other payables are non-interest bearing and are normally settled on 30 to 90 days terms.

As at 30 June, other payables of the Group denominated in foreign currency are as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  United States dollars  30  31   |
|----------------------------------------------------------|

Other payables of the Company were denominated in its functional currency.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 12. Accrued expenses

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  Accrued operating expenses  228,000  147,171  146,585  78,285  Accrued personnel expenses  535,000  382,281  92,550  118,726  763,000  529,452  239,135  197,011   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13. Leases

## As a lessee

The Group has lease contracts for two motor vehicles. The average discount rate implicit in the leases is 4.331% to 6.981% (2021: 4.331% to 6.981%) per annum.

The Group also has certain leases for factory and office space with lease terms of 12 months or less. The Group applies the 'short-term lease' recognition exemptions for these leases.

The Group and the Company's lease liability of $103,791 and $63,238 respectively (2021: $136,863 and $86,682 respectively) relate to the motor vehicles held by key management personnel and prime mover.

The lease liability is secured by a charge over the right-of-use assets.

Set out below were the carrying amounts of right-of-use assets recognised and the movements during the year:

| Group  Machinery,  equipment and  motor vehicles  $  As at 1 July 2020  188,240  Addition  60,000  Depreciation  (79,296)  As at 30 June 2021  168,944  Depreciation  (87,296)  As at 30 June 2022  81,648  Company  Motor vehicles  $  As at 1 July 2020  188,240  Depreciation  (75,296)  As at 30 June 2021  112,944  Depreciation  (75,296)  As at 30 June 2022  37,648   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 13. Leases (cont'd)

## As a lessee (cont'd)

Set out below were the carrying amounts of lease liabilities and the movements during the year:

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  As at 1 July  136,863  109,133  Addition  -  54,000  Accretion of interest  6,492  5,811  Payments  (39,564)  (32,081)  As at 30 June  103,791  136,863  Current  34,802  33,072  Non-current  68,989  103,791  Company  As at 1 July  86,682  109,133  Accretion of interest  3,292  4,285  Payments  (26,736)  (26,736)  As at 30 June  63,238  86,682  Current  24,479  23,443  Non-current  38,759  63,239  The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in Note 27.  Amounts recognised in profit or loss:  2022  2021  $  $  Depreciation expense of right-of-use assets  87,296  79,296  Interest expense on lease liabilities  6,492  5,811  Total amount recognised in profit or loss  93,788  85,107   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Total cash outflow of the Group for leases during the year was $95,512 (2021: $87,438).

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 13. Leases (cont'd)

## As a lessee (cont'd)

A reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities is as follows:

| Cash flow  Non-cash changes  2021  Repayment  Accretion  of interests  Others ( ¹  )  2022  $  $  $  $  $  Lease liability  - current  33,072  (39,564)  6,492  34,802  34,802  - non-current  103,791  -  -  (34,802)  68,989  Total  136,863  (39,564)  6,492  -  103,791  Cash flow  Non-cash changes  2020  Repayment  Addition/  (repayment)  Accretion  of interests  Others ( ¹  )  2021  $  $  $  $  $  $  Loan from director  322,000  -  (322,000)  -  -  -  Lease liability  - current  22,451  (32,081)  13,448  5,811  23,443  33,072  - non-current  86,682  -  40,552  -  (23,443)  103,791  Total  431,133  (32,081)  (268,000)  5,811  -  136,863   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

( ¹ ) Refers to classification of lease liability from non-current to current.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 14. Share capital

| Group and Company  2022  2021  Number of  shares  $  Number of  shares  $  Issued and fully paid ordinary shares:  At 1 July  1,558,244,795  47,109,718  1,065,182,795  45,653,994  Debt conversion  -  -  493,062,000  1,479,186  Share issuance expense  -  -  -  (23,462)  At 30 June  1,558,244,795  47,109,718  1,558,244,795  47,109,718   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as and when declared by the Company. All ordinary shares carry one vote per share without restriction. The ordinary shares have no par value.

The Company has an employee share option plan (Note 24) under which options to subscribe for the Company's ordinary shares have been granted to employees of the Group.

## 15. Other reserves

## (a) Share option reserve

Share  option  reserve  represents  the  equity-settled  share  options  granted  to  employees  (Note  24).  The reserve is made up of the cumulative value of services received from employees recorded over the vesting period commencing from the grant date of equity-settled share options, and is reduced by the expiry of the share options to retained earnings.

| Group and Company  2022  2021  $  $  At 1 July and 30 June  40,051  40,051   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Foreign currency translation reserve

The foreign currency translation reserve represents exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statements of foreign operations whose functional currencies are different from that of the Group's presentation currency.

## (c) Other reserves

Other  reserves  mainly  relate  to  fair  value  differences  arise  from  debt  conversion  shares  amounting  to $1,130,622 and $493,062 in the financial year ended 30 June 2019 and 30 June 2021 respectively.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

Revenue

| Manufacturing and  trading  Natural Gas Vehicle  ('NGV') related business  Property business  Consolidated  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Segment revenue  Sales to external customers  2,327  1,944  2,431  1,869  15  19  4,773  3,832  Total revenue  2,327  1,944  2,431  1,869  15  19  4,773  3,832  Primary geographical markets  Singapore  230  133  2,431  1,869  -  -  2,661  2,002  Malaysia  -  39  -  -  15  19  15  58  Thailand  1,817  1,500  -  -  -  -  1,817  1,500  Philippines  280  272  -  -  -  -  280  272  Total revenue  2,327  1,944  2,431  1,869  15  19  4,773  3,832  Time of transfer of goods and  services  At a point in time  2,327  1,944  2,431  1,687  -  -  4,758  3,631  Over time  -  -  -  182  15  19  15  201  2,327  1,944  2,431  1,869  15  19  4,773  3,832   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

16.

Disaggregation of revenue

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 17. Finance income/(expenses)

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Finance income  Interest income from fixed deposits, bank balances and others  731  273  Finance expenses  Interest expense on lease liability  (6,492)  (5,811)  Bank charges  (2,268)  (2,013)  Interest expense on trust receipts  (4,376)  -  (13,136)  (7,824)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 18. Other income

Other income comprises the following:

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Gain on disposal of investment property  -  17,101  Fair value gain on investment properties  9,645  -  Sales of scrap  869  1,479  Write-back of payables that have expired  -  595  Write-back of allowance for inventories obsolescence  435  687  Waiver of directors' remuneration  50,000  -  CPF wage credit scheme  2,027  4,352  Job Support Scheme grant  -  142,190  Others  5,351  27,435  68,327  193,839   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 19. Other expenses

Other expenses comprise the following:

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Foreign exchange loss, net  23,948  420,337  Fair value loss on investment properties  -  34,273  23,948  454,610   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 20. Loss before tax

The following items have been included in arriving at loss before tax:

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Audit fees:  - Auditor of the Company  82,500  82,500  - Other auditors  2,057  2,089  Non-audit fees:  - Auditor of the Company  19,901  16,646  Inventories recognised as an expense in cost of sales  2,983,471  2,320,883  Depreciation of plant and equipment  100,432  103,995  Expenses relating to short-term leases  55,948  55,357  Staff costs:  - Salaries and bonuses  988,621  1,065,045  - Central Provident Fund contributions  77,648  86,812  - Training and course fees  3,862  3,605  - Other personnel expenses  20,924  20,924   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Included in the above is compensation of key management personnel as disclosed in Note 26(b).

## 21. Directors' remuneration

The number of directors of the Company whose emoluments fall within the following bands:

| 2022  2021  $250,000 to $500,000  1  1  Below $250,000  4  4  5  5   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22. Income tax expense

## Major components of income tax expense

Major components of income tax expense for the years ended 30 June were:

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Consolidated statement of comprehensive income:  Current income tax:  - Current income taxation  139  4,243  - Under provision in prior year  4,813  -  4,952  4,243   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 22. Income tax expense (cont'd)

## Relationship between tax expense and accounting loss

A reconciliation of the tax expense and the product of accounting loss multiplied by the applicable tax rate is as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Loss before tax  (161,565)  (605,656)  Tax at the domestic rates applicable to profits in the countries  (26,267)  (102,962)  Expenses not deductible for tax purposes  40,332  108,228  Income not subject to tax  (2,755)  (27,670)  Deferred tax assets not recognised  -  27,595  Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses  (12,370)  -  Under provision in prior year  4,813  -  Effects of different tax rates in other countries  1,199  (948)  Tax expense  4,952  4,243   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Deferred taxation at 30 June relate to the following:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  Deferred tax liabilities  - Differences in depreciation for tax purposes  585  585  585  585   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 30 June 2022, the Group has unrecognised tax losses and unutilised capital allowances of approximately $8,294,000 (2021: $8,316,000) and $382,000 (2021: $382,000), which are available for offset against future taxable profits, subject to agreement by the tax authorities and compliance with certain provisions of the tax legislation of the respective countries in which the Group operates. No deferred tax is recognised on these losses and unutilised capital allowances in accordance with the accounting policy as set out in Note 2.22(b).

At  the  end  of  the  reporting  year,  there  were  no  undistributed  earnings  (2021:  $Nil)  recorded  by  the  Group's subsidiaries.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 23. Loss per share

Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the loss for the year, net of tax, attributable to owners of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year.

Diluted  loss  per  share  is  calculated  by  dividing  the  loss  for  the  year,  net  of  tax,  attributable  to  owners  of  the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year plus weighted average number of ordinary shares that would be issued on the conversion of all the dilution potential shares into ordinary shares.

The following table reflects the loss and share data used in the computation of basic and diluted loss per share for the years ended 30 June:

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Loss from operations attributable to owners of the Company  (173,071)  (605,016)  No. of shares  No. of shares  Weighted average number of ordinary shares for basic/diluted  loss per share  1,558,244,795  1,397,493,074   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021, 2,000,000 of share options outstanding under the existing employee share option scheme have not been included in the calculation of diluted loss per share because they are anti-dilutive for the financial year presented.

## 24. Employee benefits

The Company has an employee share option scheme, Asian Micro Holdings Limited Employees' Share Option Scheme (2010) ('the ESOS 2010') awarded to confirmed staff.

## Asian Micro Holdings Limited Employees' Share Option Scheme 2010 ('the ESOS 2010')

The  exercise  price  of  the  options  was  set  at  the  average  market  price  for  the  5  consecutive  trading  days immediately preceding the offering date of the option. The options may be exercisable immediately or at any time from 1 to 10 years beginning on the first anniversary of the date of grant. Options granted are cancelled when the option holder ceases to be under full time employment of the Company or any corporation in the Group subject to certain exceptions at the discretion of the Company. There are no cash settlement alternatives. There has been no modification to the scheme during the year. The ESOS expired in July 2022 pursuant to the By-Laws of the ESOS.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 24. Employee benefits (cont'd)

Information with respect to the number of options granted is as follows:

| Date granted  Option exercise period  Exercise price  Balance at  1 July  2021  Options  exercised  during the year  Balance at  30 June  2022  ESOS 2010  July 2012  July 2013 - July 2022  $0.022  2,000,000  -  2,000,000  Movement of share options during the year   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table illustrates  the  number  and  weighted average exercise prices (WAEP) of, and movements in, share options during the year.

| 2022  2021  No.  WAEP($)  No.  WAEP($)  ESOS 2010  Outstanding at beginning and end of the year (1)  2,000,000  0.022  2,000,000  0.022   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) The exercise price for  options  outstanding  at  the  end  of  the  year  was  $0.022  (2021:  $0.022).  The  weighted  average remaining contractual life for these options is 1 year (2021: 2 years).

## Fair value of share options granted

The fair  value  of  share  options  as  at  the  date  of  grant  was  estimated  using  the  Binomial  Option  Pricing  Model, taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the options were granted.

The expected life of the options was based on historical data and is not necessarily indicative of exercise patterns that may occur. The expected volatility reflected the assumption that the historical volatility is indicative of future trends, which may also not necessarily be the actual outcome.

## 25. Commitments and contingencies

## Continuing financial support

As at 30 June 2022, the Company had given undertakings to certain subsidiaries to provide financial support to enable them to operate as going concerns and to meet their obligations for at least 12 months from the respective date of the directors' statement.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 26. Related party disclosures

The following are the significant intercompany transactions entered into by the Group with its related parties:

## (a) Sales and purchases of goods and services

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Rental expense paid to related parties *  55,498  55,357   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The  Group  has  entered  into  contracts  with  ACI  Technology  (S)  Pte  Ltd,  which  are  owned  by  two  major shareholders of the Company (one of whom is also a director of the Company), for the lease of factory space and office premises.

## (b) Compensation of key management personnel

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Short-term employee benefits and bonus  857,868  791,333  Central Provident Fund contributions  64,080  60,770  Total compensation paid to key management personnel  921,948  852,103  Comprise amounts for:  - Directors of the Company  435,884  508,973  - Other key management personnel  486,064  343,130  921,948  852,103   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the financial  year  ended  30  June  2022,  the  total  waiver  of  director's  remuneration  was  $330,000 (2021: $192,684).

## 27. Financial risk management objectives and policies

The Group and the Company are exposed to financial risks arising from its operations and the use of financial instruments. The key financial risks include credit risk, liquidity  risk,  interest  rate  risk  and  foreign  currency  risk. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies and procedures for the management of these risks. The Audit Committee provides independent oversight to the effectiveness of the risk management process. It is, and has been throughout the current and previous financial year, the Group's policy that no trading in derivatives for speculative purposes shall be undertaken.

The following sections provide details regarding the Group's and Company's exposure to the above-mentioned financial  risks  and  the  objectives,  policies  and  processes  for  the  management of these risks. There has been no change to the Group's exposure to these financial risks or the manner to which it manages and measures the risks during the year.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 27. Financial risk management objectives and policies (cont'd)

## (a) Credit risk

Credit  risk  is  the  risk  of  loss  that  may  arise  on  outstanding  financial  instruments  should  a  counterparty default on its obligations. The Group's and the Company's exposure to credit risk arises primarily from trade and other receivables. For other financial assets (including cash and cash equivalents), the Group and the Company minimise credit risk by dealing exclusively with high credit rating counterparties.

The Group's objective is to seek continual revenue growth while minimising losses incurred due to increased credit risk exposure. The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties. Trade and other receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis with the result that the Group's exposure to bad debts is not significant.

The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of asset and whether there has been a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  on  an  ongoing  basis  throughout  each  reporting  period.  The  Group  has determined the default event on a financial asset to be when the counterparty fails to make contractual payments past due, taking into account any collateral held.

The Group compute expected credit losses for this group of financial assets using the simplified approach. In  calculating  the  expected  credit  loss  rates,  the  Group  adjusts  for  forward  looking  macroeconomic  data such as GDP growth and central bank base rates.

A summary of the Group's internal grading category in the computation of the Group's expected credit loss model for trade receivables is as follows:

| Category  Definition of category  Basis for recognition of  expected credit loss provision  Range  Grade I  Customers have a low risk of  default and a strong capacity to  meet contractual cash flows.  Lifetime expected credit losses  0.1% to 1.0%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Trade Receivables

The Group provides for lifetime expected credit losses for all trade receivables using internal grading. The provision rates are determined based on historical observed default rates and payment patterns analysed for  each  debtor.  The  loss  allowance  provision  as  at  30  June  2022  and  30  June  2021  are  as  follows,  the expected  credit  losses  below  also  incorporate  forward  looking  information  such  as  forecast  economic conditions where the gross domestic product will improve over the next year.

Summarised below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group's trade receivables:

| 2022  2021  $  $  Gross carrying amount  782,841  908,229  Loss allowance provision  9,622  9,946   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Information regarding loss allowance movement of trade receivables is disclosed in Note 8.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 27. Financial risk management objectives and policies (cont'd)

## (a) Credit risk (cont'd)

## Exposure to credit risk

At the balance sheet date, the Group's and the Company's maximum exposure to credit risk is represented by:

- -the carrying amount of each class of financial assets recognised in the balance sheets; and
- -a  nominal amount of $440,000 (2021: $440,000) relating to a corporate guarantee provided by the Company to a bank on a subsidiary's banking facility.

## Credit risk concentration profile

The Group determines concentrations of credit risk by monitoring the country and industry sector profile of  its  trade  receivables  on  an  on-going  basis.  The  credit  risk  concentration  profile  of  the  Group's  trade receivables at the balance sheet date is as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  $  % of total  $  % of total  By country:  Singapore  370,908  48  268,455  29  Philippines  42,198  5  67,103  7  Thailand  353,949  45  561,858  62  People's Republic of China  117  1*  94  1*  Malaysia  6,047  1*  773  1*  773,219  100  898,283  100   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Less than 1%

At the balance sheet date, approximately 95% (2021: 93%) of the Group's trade receivables were due from three major customers.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 27. Financial risk management objectives and policies (cont'd)

## (b) Liquidity risk

Liquidity  risk  is  the  risk  that  the  Group  or  the  Company  will  encounter  difficulty  in  meeting  financial obligations  due  to  shortage  of  funds.  The  Group's  and  the  Company's  exposure  to  liquidity  risk  arises primarily from mismatches of the maturities of financial assets and liabilities. The Group's and the Company's objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of stand-by credit facilities.

The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group's and the Company's financial assets and liabilities at the end of the reporting period based on contractual undiscounted repayment obligations.

| Group  2022  1 year or  less  1 to 5  years  Total  $  $  $  Financial assets  Trade and other receivables, excluding statutory tax  recoverable  783,642  32,197  815,839  Fixed deposits  202,381  -  202,381  Cash and bank balances  783,649  -  783,649  Total undiscounted financial assets  1,769,672  32,197  1,801,869  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables, excluding GST payable (Note 11)  (698,465)  -  (698,465)  Accrued expenses  (763,000)  -  (763,000)  Lease liability  (39,564)  (73,228)  (112,792)  Total undiscounted financial liabilities  (1,501,029)  (73,228)  (1,574,257)  Total net undiscounted financial assets/(liabilities)  268,643  (41,031)  227,612   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 27. Financial risk management objectives and policies (cont'd)

## (b) Liquidity risk (cont'd)

| Group  2021  1 year or  less  1 to 5  years  Total  $  $  $  Financial assets  Trade and other receivables, excluding statutory tax  recoverable  908,490  33,065  941,555  Fixed deposits  234,629  -  234,629  Cash and bank balances  643,537  -  643,537  Total undiscounted financial assets  1,786,656  33,065  1,819,721  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables, excluding GST payable (Note 11)  (836,102)  -  (836,102)  Accrued expenses  (529,452)  -  (529,452)  Due to related parties (non-trade)  (4,949)  -  (4,949)  Lease liability  (39,564)  (112,792)  (152,356)  Total undiscounted financial liabilities  (1,410,067)  (112,792)  (1,522,859)  Total net undiscounted financial assets/(liabilities)  376,589  (79,727)  296,862  Company  2022  Financial assets  Trade and other receivables, excluding statutory tax  recoverable  3,787  -  3,787  Cash and bank balances  72,559  -  72,559  Total undiscounted financial assets  76,346  -  76,346  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  (13,711)  -  (13,711)  Accrued expenses  (239,135)  -  (239,135)  Due to subsidiaries (non-trade)  (102,034)  -  (102,034)  Lease liability  (26,736)  (40,104)  (66,840)  Total undiscounted financial liabilities  (381,616)  (40,104)  (421,720)  Total net undiscounted financial liabilities  (305,270)  (40,104)  (345,374)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 27. Financial risk management objectives and policies (cont'd)

## (b) Liquidity risk (cont'd)

| Company  2021  1 year or  less  1 to 5  years  Total  $  $  $  Financial assets  Trade and other receivables, excluding statutory tax  recoverable  2,937  -  2,937  Cash and bank balances  21,304  -  21,304  Total undiscounted financial assets  24,241  -  24,241  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  (21,543)  -  (21,543)  Accrued expenses  (197,011)  -  (197,011)  Due to related parties (non-trade)  (2,544)  -  (2,544)  Due to subsidiaries (non-trade)  (47,240)  -  (47,240)  Lease liability  (26,736)  (66,840)  (93,576)  Total undiscounted financial liabilities  (295,074)  (66,840)  (361,914)  Total net undiscounted financial liabilities  (270,833)  (66,840)  (337,673)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (c) Interest rate risk

Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of the Group's and the Company's financial instruments will  fluctuate  because  of  changes  in  market  interest  rates.  The  Group's  and  the  Company's exposure to interest rate risk is minimal.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 27. Financial risk management objectives and policies (cont'd)

## (d) Foreign currency risk

The Group has transactional currency exposures arising from sales or purchases that are denominated in a  currency  other  than  the  respective  functional  currencies  of  Group  entities,  primarily  in  SGD,  Thai  Baht (Baht) and Malaysian Ringgit (MYR). The foreign currencies in which these transactions are denominated are mainly United States Dollars (USD). Approximately 44% (2021: 46%) of the Group's sales are denominated in foreign currencies whilst 100% (2021: 100%) of purchases are denominated in the respective functional currencies of the Group entities. The Group has trade receivables and trade payables denominated in foreign currency. At the balance sheet date, trade receivables and trade payables denominated in foreign currency balances (mainly in USD) amounted to $398,630 and $62,898 (2021: $628,905 and $60,849) respectively.

The Group also holds cash denominated in foreign currencies for working capital purposes. At the end of the reporting period, such foreign currency balances are mainly in USD and amounted to $193,914 (2021: $140,091).

The Group is also exposed to currency translation risk arising from its net investments in foreign operations, including Malaysia and Thailand. The Group's net investments in Malaysia and Thailand are not hedged.

## Sensitivity analysis for foreign currency risk

The following table demonstrates the sensitivity of the Group's loss before tax to a reasonably possible change  in  the  SGD  and  USD  exchange  rate  against  the  respective  functional  currencies  of  the  Group entities, with all other variables held constant.

| Group  Increase/(decrease)  Loss before tax  2022  2021  $  $  USD/SGD  Strengthened by 3% (2021: 3%)  15,889  21,244  Weakened by 3% (2021: 3%)  (15,889)  (21,244)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 28. Fair value of assets and liabilities

## (a) Fair value hierarchy

The Group categories fair value measurement using a fair value hierarchy that is dependent on the valuation inputs used as follows:

-  Level 1 - Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Group can access at the measurement date.
-  Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, and
-  Level 3 - Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

Fair  value  measurements that use inputs of different hierarchy levels are recognised in its entirety in the same level of the fair value hierarchy as the lowest level input that is significant to the entire measurement.

The following table shows the information about fair value measurement for investment properties using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3):

| Fair value  Valuation technique  Unobservable  inputs  Range  $  $  2022  342,318  Direct comparison  method  Price per square  foot  187 to 205  2021  341,820  Direct comparison  method  Price per square  foot  187 to 204   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A significant increase or decrease in the price per square foot would result in a significantly higher or lower fair value of the investment properties.

## Valuation policies and procedures

The Directors oversee the Group's financial reporting valuation process and are responsible for setting and documenting the Group's valuation policies and procedures.

The  fair  value  of  the  Group's  investment  properties  is  either  valued  by  an  independent  property  valuer periodically  or  internally  by  management  based  on  open  market  values,  being  the  estimated  amount  for which a property could be exchanged on the date of the valuation between a willing buyer and a willing seller.  The  Directors  are  responsible for selecting and engaging property valuers that possess the relevant credentials and knowledge on the subject of valuation, valuation methodologies and SFRS(I) 13 fair value measurement guidance to perform the valuation.

For  valuations  performed  by  independent  property  valuers  or  by  management,  the  Directors  review  the appropriateness of the valuation methodology and assumptions adopted. The Directors also evaluate the appropriateness and reliability of the inputs (including those developed internally by the Group) used in the valuations.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 28. Fair value of assets and liabilities (cont'd)

## (b) Fair  value  of  assets  and  liabilities  by  classes  that  are  not  carried  at  fair  value  and  whose  carrying amounts are reasonable approximation of fair value

Fixed deposits (Note 10), cash and bank balances (Note 10), trade and other receivables (Note 8), due to subsidiaries  (Note  9),  trade  and  other  payables  (Note  11),  accrued  expenses  (Note  12)  and  lease  liability (Note 13).

The carrying amounts of these financial assets and liabilities are reasonable approximation of fair values, either  due  to  their  short-term  nature,  or  that  the  applicable  market  rate  of  return  at  the  reporting  date  is close to the effective interest rate of the balance.

## 29. Capital management

The primary objective of the Group's capital management is to ensure that it maintains adequate funds to support its business activities and to continue as a going concern. The capital base that is managed relates to the Group's and Company's equity attributable to owners of the Company as presented in the balance sheets.

The Group adopts an appropriate capital base so as to maintain investor, creditor and market confidence, and to continue the future development and growth of the business. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may issue new shares.

The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to ensure optimal shareholder returns, taking into consideration the future capital requirements of the Group and capital efficiency, prevailing and projected profitability,  projected  operating  cash  flows,  projected  capital  expenditures  and  projected  strategic  investing opportunities.

There were no changes in the Group's approach to capital management during the year.

The Group and Company are not subject to externally imposed capital requirements.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 30. Segment information

For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on their product and services, and has four reportable operating segments as follows:

## Manufacturing and trading

Manufacturing and trading is in the business of providing clean room grade plastic packaging bags and materials for packaging cleaned finished products in the hard disk drive and semi-conductor customers.

## Natural Gas Vehicle ('NGV') related business

NGV related business segment refers to the trading of NGV related products such as bi-fuel conversion kits and cylinders, transportation of CNG refilling service, maintenance and servicing of CNG related equipment.

Except as indicated above, no operating segments have been aggregated to form the above reportable operating segments.

Management monitors the operating results of its business units separately for the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment. Segment performance is evaluated based on operating profit or loss which in certain respects, as explained in the table below, is measured differently from operating profit or  loss  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements.  Group  financing  (including  finance  costs)  and  income  taxes  are managed on a group basis and are not allocated to operating segments.

## Property business

Property business refers to leasing of commercial properties and property development.

## Corporate

The corporate segment is involved in Group-level corporate services.

## Geographical information

The Group's geographical information are based on the location of the Group's assets.  Sales to external customers disclosed in geographical segments are based on the geographical location of its customers.

## Information about major customers

Revenue  from  one  major  customer  in  the  NGV  related  business  segment  amounted  to  $2,430,790  (2021: $1,815,027).

Revenue from two major customers in the manufacturing and trading segment amounted to $1,972,298 (2021: $1,720,389).

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 30. Segment information (cont'd)

## Segments

The following tables presents revenue and results information regarding the Group's reportable operating segments for the financial years ended 30 June 2022 and 2021 (in $'000).

| Manufacturing and  trading  Natural Gas Vehicle  ('NGV') related  business  Property business  Corporate and  others  Elimination  (1)  Consolidated  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Segment revenue  Sales to external  customers  2,327  1,944  2,431  1,869  15  19  -  -  -  -  4,773  3,832  Inter-segment sales  -  -  -  -  -  -  880  950  (880)  (950)  -  -  Total revenue  2,327  1,944  2,431  1,869  15  19  880  950  (880)  (950)  4,773  3,832  Segment results  Segment profit/(loss)  (109)  72  (547)  (423)  18  (5)  (139)  8,086  627  (8,328)  (150)  (598)  Finance expenses  (13)  (8)  Finance income  1  -  Loss before taxation  (162)  (606)  Tax expense  (5)  (4)  Loss for the year  (167)  (610)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Segment information (cont'd)

30.

## Segments (cont'd)

Included in this segment results are the following material items of income/(expense):

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

| Manufacturing and  trading  Natural Gas Vehicle  ('NGV') related  business  Property business  Corporate and  others  Elimination  (1)  Consolidated  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Segment results  Gain on disposal  of investment  property  -  -  -  -  -  17  -  -  -  -  -  17  Write-back of  allowance for  inventories  obsolescence  1  1  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  1  1  Foreign exchange  (loss)/gain  34  (30)  (5)  10  2  -  1  (191)  (56)  (209)  (24)  (420)  Inventories  recognised as an  expense in cost  of sales  (1,367)  (1,195)  (1,616)  (1,126)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (2,983)  (2,321)  Operating lease  expenses  (27)  (27)  -  -  -  -  (29)  (28)  -  -  (56)  (55)  Staff costs  (297)  (276)  (321)  (353)  -  -  (473)  (547)  -  -  (1,091)  (1,176)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

Segment information (cont'd)

| Manufacturing and  trading  Natural Gas Vehicle  ('NGV') related  business  Property business  Corporate and  others  Elimination  (1)  Consolidated  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Segment results  Segment assets  6,735  7,104  2,484  2,696  2,096  2,106  8,593  8,317  (15,959)  (16,180)  3,949  4,043  Total assets  3,949  4,043  Segment liabilities  (8,778)  (8,974)  (8,432)  (8,155)  (1,074)  (1,070)  (5,614)  (5,272)  22,274  21,915  (1,624)  (1,556)  Total liabilities  (1,624)  (1,556)  Capital expenditure  (6)  (95)  (4)  -  -  -  -  (18)  -  -  (10)  (113)  Depreciation  (20)  (18)  (1)  (1)  -  -  (79)  (85)  -  -  (100)  (104)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

30.

Segments (cont'd)

(1) Inter-segment balances and transactions are eliminated on consolidation. In addition, adjustments were made to account for non-controlling interests.

Segment information (cont'd)

30.

The following table presents revenue and assets information based on the geographical location of customers and assets, respectively, for the years ended 30 June 2022 and 2021 (in $'000).

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

| Singapore  Malaysia  Thailand  Philippines  Total  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Revenue  2,661  2,002  15  58  1,817  1,500  280  272  4,773  3,832  Assets  1,978  1,972  1,968  2,068  3  3  -  -  3,949  4,043   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 31. Events occurring after the reporting period

On 31 August 2022, the Company has entered into a conditional sale and purchase agreement to acquire 7,500 ordinary  shares  of  the  Asian  Micro  Realty  Development,  Inc.  ('Target  Company')  representing  30%  of  the  total issued share capital of the Target Company. The Company has been granted an option to acquire an additional 2,500 ordinary shares, representing 10% of the total issued share capital of the Target Company.

## 32. Authorisation of financial statements for issue

The financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2022 were authorised for issue in accordance with a resolution of the directors on 28 September 2022.

## Shareholders' Information

As at 21 September 2022

No. of Shares issued :

1,558,244,795

Class of Shares :

Ordinary Shares

Voting rights :

1 vote per share

The Company does not have any treasury shares and subsidiary holdings as at 21 September 2022.

## STATISTICS OF SHAREHOLDINGS

| Size of Shareholdings  Number of  Shareholders  %  Number of Shares  %  1 - 99  6  0.16  202  0.00  100 - 1,000  1,047  27.75  1,035,019  0.07  1,001 - 10,000  1,336  35.41  7,217,200  0.46  10,001 - 1,000,000  1,284  34.03  198,216,046  12.72  1,000,001 and above  100  2.65  1,351,776,328  86.75  Total  3,773  100.00  1,558,244,795  100.00   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## TWENTY LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS AS AT 21 SEPTEMBER 2022

| No.  Name of Shareholders  Number of Shares  %  1  Lim Kee Liew @ Victor Lim  576,451,068  36.99  2  Leong Lai Heng  319,387,674  20.50  3  Lin Meiyi Sophie  72,020,500  4.62  4  Ng Chee Wee  28,477,586  1.83  5  Lee Ee @ Lee Eng  22,047,500  1.41  6  Phillip Securities Pte Ltd  21,017,000  1.35  7  Tay Kim Chai Johnson  21,000,000  1.35  8  DBS Nominees (Private) Limited  20,205,300  1.30  9  Raffles Nominees (Pte.) Limited  12,476,300  0.80  10  Low Chor Chuan  10,000,000  0.64  11  Maybank Securities Pte. Ltd.  9,401,500  0.60  12  Lim Choon Thye  9,000,000  0.58  13  OCBC Securities Private Limited  8,879,000  0.57  14  Ifast Financial Pte. Ltd.  7,567,700  0.49  15  Lee Eng Yew  7,350,000  0.47  16  Tiger Brokers (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.  7,137,300  0.46  17  OCBC Nominees Singapore Private Limited  7,100,500  0.46  18  Chua Teong Chung  7,000,000  0.45  19  Toh Lee Heok  6,500,000  0.42  20  Wang Kai Yuen  6,226,000  0.40  1,179,244,928  75.69   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

35.87% of the Company's shares are held in the hands of public. Accordingly, the Company has complied with Rule 723 of the Listing Manual - Section B: Rules of Catalist of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited.

## Shareholders' Information

As at 21 September 2022

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS AS AT 21 SEPTEMBER 2022

(As recorded in the Register of Substantial Shareholders)

| Name of Shareholder  Direct Interest  Deemed Interest  Lim Kee Liew @ Victor Lim  (a)  576,451,068  36.99%  319,387,755  20.50%  Leong Lai Heng  (b)  319,387,674  20.50%  576,451,149  36.99%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(a) Mr. Lim Kee Liew @ Victor Lim's deemed interest arose through 5 shares held by Ultraline Technology (S) Pte Ltd and 76 shares held by American Converters Industries Pte Ltd. He is also deemed to have an interest in the 319,387,674 shares held by his spouse, Mdm. Leong Lai Heng.

(b) Mdm. Leong Lai Heng's deemed interest arose through 5 shares held by Ultraline Technology (S) Pte Ltd and 76 shares held by American Converters Industries Pte Ltd. She is also deemed to have an interest in the 576,451,068 shares held by her spouse, Mr. Lim Kee Liew @ Victor Lim.

* Mr.  Lim  Kee  Liew  @  Victor  Lim  and  Mdm.  Leong  Lai  Heng  each  own  50%  of  the  entire  issued  and  paid-up  share  capital  of Ultraline Technology (S) Pte Ltd and American Converters Industries Pte Ltd.

## Notice of Annual General Meeting

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT the Annual General Meeting (' AGM '  or  ' Meeting ')  of  Asian  Micro  Holdings  Limited (the ' Company ') will be held at Orchid Country Club, Sapphire Suite III &amp; IV, 1 Orchid Club Road, Singapore 769162 on Tuesday, 25 October 2022 at 10.00 a.m. for the following purposes:

## AS ORDINARY BUSINESS

1. To  receive  and  adopt  the  Directors'  Statement  and  the  Audited  Financial  Statements  of  the  Company  for  the financial year ended 30 June 2022 together with the Auditors' Report thereon. (Resolution 1)
2. To  re-elect  the  following  Directors  of  the  Company  retiring  pursuant  to  Article  89  of  the  Constitution  of  the Company.

Mr. Ng Chee Wee Mr. Lee Teck Meng Stanley

(Resolution 2) (Resolution 3)

Mr. Lee Teck Meng Stanley will, upon re-election as a Director of the Company, remain as a member of the Audit, Nominating and Remuneration Committees and will be considered independent for the purpose of Rule 704(7) of  the  Listing  Manual  -  Section  B:  Rules  of  Catalist  of  Singapore  Exchange  Securities  Trading  Limited  (' Catalist Rules ').

[See Explanatory Note (i)]

4. To approve the payment of Directors' fees of S$29,500 for the financial year ended 30 June 2022. (FY2021: S$29,000) (Resolution 4)
5. To re-appoint Messrs Ernst &amp; Young LLP as Auditors and to authorise the Directors to fix their remuneration. (Resolution 5)
6. To transact any other routine business which may properly be transacted at an AGM.

## AS SPECIAL BUSINESS

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolutions as Ordinary Resolutions, with or without modifications:

## 7. Authority to issue shares

That pursuant to Section 161 of the Companies Act 1967 and Rule 806 of the Catalist Rules, the Directors of the Company be authorised and empowered to:

- a. (i) issue shares in the Company (' shares ') whether by way of rights, bonus or otherwise; and/or
2. (ii) make or grant offers, agreements or options (collectively, ' Instruments ') that might or would require shares to be issued, including but not limited to the creation and issue of (as well as adjustments to) options, warrants, debentures or other instruments convertible into shares,

at  any  time  and  upon  such  terms  and  conditions  and  for  such  purposes  and  to  such  persons  as  the Directors of the Company may in their absolute discretion deem fit; and

## Notice of Annual General Meeting

- b. (notwithstanding the authority conferred by this Resolution may have ceased to be in force) issue shares in pursuance of any Instruments made or granted by the Directors of the Company while this Resolution was in force,

provided that:

- (1) the aggregate number of shares (including shares to be issued in pursuance of the Instruments, made or granted pursuant to this Resolution) to be issued pursuant to this Resolution shall not exceed one hundred per centum (100%) of the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company (as calculated in accordance with sub-paragraph (2)  below),  of  which  the  aggregate  number  of  shares  to  be  issued  other  than  on  a  pro  rata  basis to  shareholders  of  the  Company  shall  not  exceed  fifty  per  centum  (50%)  of  the  total  number  of issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company (as calculated in accordance with sub-paragraph (2) below);
- (2) (subject  to  such  calculation  as  may  be  prescribed  by  the  Singapore  Exchange  Securities  Trading Limited) for  the  purpose of determining the aggregate number of shares that may be issued under sub-paragraph (1) above, the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings)  shall  be  based  on  the  total  number  of  issued  shares  (excluding  treasury  shares  and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company at the time of the passing of this Resolution, after adjusting for:
3. (a) new Shares arising from the conversion or exercise of any convertible securities;
4. (b) new  Shares  arising  from  exercise  of  share  options  or  vesting  of  share  awards  which  are outstanding or subsisting at the time of the passing of this Resolution, provided the options or awards were granted in compliance with Part VIII of Chapter 8 of the Catalist Rules;
5. (c) any subsequent bonus issue, consolidation or subdivision of Shares;
- (3) in exercising the authority conferred by this Resolution, the Company shall comply with the provisions of  the  Catalist  Rules  for  the  time  being  in  force  (unless  such  compliance  has  been  waived  by  the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited) and the Constitution of the Company; and
- (4) unless revoked or varied by the Company in a general meeting, such authority shall continue in force until  the  conclusion  of  the  next  Annual  General  Meeting  of  the  Company  or  the  date  by  which  the next Annual General Meeting of the Company is required by law to be held, whichever is earlier.

[See Explanatory Note (ii)]

By Order of the Board

Toh Li Ping, Angela Joint Company Secretary

7 October 2022

(Resolution 6)

## Notice of Annual General Meeting

## Explanatory Notes:

- (i) The information relating to Mr. Ng Chee Wee and Mr. Lee Teck Meng Stanley as required under Rule 720(5) of the Catalist Rules is set out on pages 35 to 37 of the Annual Report.
- (ii) The Ordinary Resolution 6 in item 7 above, if passed, will empower the Directors of the Company, effective until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company, or the date by which the next Annual General Meeting of the Company is required by law to be held or such authority is varied or revoked by the Company in a general meeting, whichever is the earlier, to issue shares, make or grant Instruments convertible into shares and to issue shares pursuant to such Instruments, up to a number not exceeding, in total, 100% of the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company, of which up to 50% may be issued other than on a pro-rata basis to shareholders.

For determining the aggregate number of shares that may be issued, the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) will be calculated based on the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company at the time this Ordinary Resolution is passed after adjusting for new shares arising from the conversion or exercise of any convertible securities or share options or vesting of share awards which are outstanding or subsisting at the time when this Ordinary Resolution is passed, provided the options or awards were granted in compliance with Part VIII of Chapter 8 of the Catalist Rules, and any subsequent bonus issue, consolidation or subdivision of shares.

## Notes:

## General

1. The AGM of the Company will be held at Orchid Country Club, Sapphire Suite III &amp; IV, 1 Orchid Club Road, Singapore 769162 (' Physical Meeting '). Shareholders and other attendees who are feeling unwell on the date of the AGM are advised not to attend the Physical Meeting.
2. Pursuant to the COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) (Alternative Arrangements for Meetings for Companies, Variable Capital Companies, Business Trusts, Unit Trusts and Debenture Holders) Order 2020 (as amended from time to time), there will be no despatch of printed copies and this Notice of AGM together with the following documents are made available to members on 7  October 2022 via SGXNet at the following URL: https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements and the Company's website at the following URL: http://asianmicro.listedcompany.com/:
3. (a) Annual Report; and
4. (b) Proxy Form in relation to the AGM.
3. Authenticated shareholders and proxy(ies) will be able to ask questions in person at the Physical Meeting. Arrangements have also been put in place to permit shareholders to submit their questions ahead of the AGM. Please refer to Notes 12 and 13 below for further details.
4. Live voting by poll will be conducted during the AGM for shareholders and proxy(ies) attending the Physical Meeting.

## Voting by proxy

5. A member who is not a relevant intermediary, is entitled to appoint one or two proxies to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting (the ' Meeting ').
6. A member who is a relevant intermediary, is entitled to appoint more than two proxies to attend and vote at the Meeting, but each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by such member.
3. 'Relevant intermediary' has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 181 of the Companies Act 1967.
7. A proxy need not be a Member of the Company.

## Notice of Annual General Meeting

8. The instrument appointing a proxy (' Proxy Form ') must be submitted to the Company not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the time appointed for holding the Meeting in the following manner:
2. (a) by depositing a hard copy by post at the registered office of the Company at 63 Hillview Avenue #08-01 Lam Soon Industrial Building Singapore 669569; or
3. (b) by sending a scanned PDF copy by email to agm\_egm@asianmicro.com.sg,

in either case, no later than 10.00 a.m. on 23 October 2022 (' Proxy Deadline ').

A member who wishes to submit a Proxy Form must first download, complete and sign the proxy form ,  before submitting it by post to the address provided above, or scanning and sending it by email to the email address provided above.

9. The Proxy Form must be signed by the appointer or his attorney duly authorised in writing. Where the instrument appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy is executed by a corporation, it must be executed either under its seal or under the hand of an officer or attorney duly authorised.
10. A  member  who  holds  the  Company's  shares  through  a  relevant  intermediary,  including  Central  Provident  Fund  (' CPF ')  and Supplementary  Retirement  Scheme  (' SRS ')  Investment  Account  Holders,  should  not  use  the  Proxy  From  and  should  instead approach their respective relevant intermediary as soon as possible to specify voting instructions, submit questions ahead of the AGM and/or participate in the AGM.
11. In the case of a member whose shares are entered against his/her name in the depository register (as defined in Section 81SF of the Securities and Futures Act 2001), the Company may reject any Proxy Form lodged if such member is not shown to have Shares entered against his/her/its name in the depository register as at 72 hours before the time appointed for the AGM, as certified by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited to the Company. The Company shall also be entitled to reject the Proxy Form if it is incomplete, improperly completed, illegible (such as in the case where the appointor submits more than one Proxy Form).

## Submission of Questions prior to the AGM

12. A member may submit questions relating to the resolutions to be tabled for approval at the AGM or the Company's businesses and operations ahead of the AGM. To do so, all questions must be submitted by 10.00 a.m. on 17 October 2022 through any of the following means:
2. (a) if submitted by email, be received by the Company at agm\_egm@asianmicro.com.sg; or
3. (b) if submitted by post, be deposited at the registered office of the Company at 63 Hillview Avenue #08-01 Lam Soon Industrial Building Singapore 669569.

If the questions are submitted by post, be deposited at the registered office of the Company or sent via email, and in either case not accompanied by the completed and executed Proxy Form, the following details must be included with the submitted questions: (i) the member's full name; and (ii) his/her/its identification/registration number for verification purposes, failing which the submission will be treated as invalid.

13. The  Company  will  address  all  substantial  and  relevant  questions  relating  to  the  resolutions  to  be  tabled  for  approval  at  the AGM or the  Company's  businesses  and  operations  by  publishing  its  responses  to  such  questions,  if  any,  on  the  Company's corporate  website  at  the  following  URL:  http://asianmicro.listedcompany.com/  and  on  SGXNET  at  the  following  URL: https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements at least 48 hours prior to the deadline for submission of Proxy Forms. Should there be subsequent clarification sought, or follow-up questions after the deadline of the submission of questions, the Company will address those substantial and relevant questions prior to the AGM through publication on SGXNET, or at the AGM.

## Personal data privacy:

By submitting an instrument appointing a proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) to attend, speak and vote at the Meeting and/or any adjournment thereof, a member of the Company (i) consents to the collection, use and disclosure of the member's personal data by the Company (or its agents) for the purpose of the processing and administration by the Company (or its agents) of proxies and representatives appointed for the Meeting (including any adjournment thereof) and the preparation and compilation of the attendance lists, minutes and other documents relating to the Meeting (including any adjournment thereof), and in order for the Company (or its agents) to comply with any applicable laws, listing  rules,  regulations  and/or  guidelines  (collectively,  the  ' Purposes '),  (ii)  warrants  that  where  the  member  discloses  the  personal  data of  the  member's proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) to the Company (or its agents), the member has obtained the prior consent of such proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) for the collection, use and disclosure by the Company (or its agents) of the personal data of such proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) for the Purposes, and (iii) agrees that the member will indemnify the Company in respect of any penalties, liabilities, claims, demands, losses and damages as a result of the member's breach of warranty.

<!-- image -->

&amp;

## ASIAN MICRO HOLDINGS LIMITED

(Company Registration No.199701052K) (Incorporated In The Republic of Singapore)

## PROXY FORM

This form of proxy has been made available on SGXNet at the following URL:

https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements and the Company's website at the following URL: http://asianmicro.listedcompany.com/

I/We, of

being a member/members* of Asian Micro Holdings Limited (the ' Company ') hereby appoint:

Name

Address and/or (delete as appropriate)

Name

Address or failing the person, or either or both of the persons, referred to above, the Chairman of the Meeting as my/our proxy/proxies to  vote  for  me/us  on  my/our  behalf  at  the  Annual  General  Meeting  (the  ' Meeting ')  of  the  Company  to  be  held  at  Orchid Country Club, Sapphire Suite III &amp; IV, 1 Orchid Club Road, Singapore 769162 on Tuesday, 25 October 2022 at 10.00 a.m. and at any adjournment thereof. I/We direct my/our proxy/proxies to vote for or against the Resolutions proposed at the Meeting as indicated hereunder. If no specific direction as to voting is given, the proxy/proxies will vote or abstain from voting at his/her/their discretion, as he/she/they will on any other matter arising at the Meeting and at any adjournment thereof.

| No.  Resolutions relating to:  Number  of Votes  For (1)  Number  of Votes  Against (1)  Abstain (1)  Ordinary Resolutions  1  Directors' Statement and Audited Financial Statements for the year ended 30 June  2022 together with Auditors' Report thereon  2  Re-election  of  Mr.  Ng  Chee  Wee  as  a  Director  pursuant  to  Article  89  of  the  Company's Constitution  3  Re-election of Mr. Lee Teck Meng Stanley as a Director pursuant to Article 89 of  the Company's Constitution  4  Approval of Directors' fees amounting to S$29,500  5  Re-appointment of Messrs Ernst &amp; Young LLP  as Auditors  6  Authority to issue new shares   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)   If  you  wish  to  abstain or exercise all your votes 'For' or 'Against', please tick within the box provided. Alternatively, please indicate the number of votes as appropriate.

Dated this day of October 2022

Signature of Shareholder(s) or, Common Seal of Corporate Shareholder

*Delete where inapplicable

NRIC/Passport No.

NRIC/Passport No.

Proportion of Shareholdings

No. of Shares

%

Proportion of Shareholdings

No. of Shares

%

## IMPORTANT:

1. A  relevant  intermediary  may  appoint  more  than  two  proxies  to attend the Annual General Meeting and vote (please see note 4 for the definition of 'relevant intermediary').
2. For  investors  who  have  used  their  CPF  monies  to  buy  the Company's shares, this Annual Report is forwarded to them at the request of their CPF Approved Nominees and is sent solely FOR INFORMATION ONLY.
3. This Proxy Form is not valid for use by CPF investors and shall be ineffective for all intents and purposes if used or purported to be used by them.

Total number of Shares in:

(a)  CDP Register

(b)  Register of Members

No. of Shares

## Notes:

1. Please insert the total number of Shares held by you. If you have Shares entered against your name in the Depository Register (as defined in Section 81SF of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore), you should insert that number of Shares. If you have Shares registered in your name in the Register of Members, you should insert that number of shares. If you have Shares entered against your name in the Depository Register and Shares registered in your name in the Register of Members, you should insert the aggregate number of Shares entered against your name in the Depository Register and registered in your name in the Register of Members. If no number is inserted, the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies shall be deemed to relate to all the Shares held by you.
2. A member of the Company entitled to attend and vote at a meeting of the Company is entitled to appoint one or two proxies to attend and vote in his/her stead. A proxy need not be a member of the Company.
3. Where a member appoints two proxies, the appointments shall be invalid unless he/she specifies the proportion of his/her shareholding (expressed as a percentage of the whole) to be represented by each proxy.
4. A member who is a relevant intermediary entitled to attend the meeting and vote is entitled to appoint more than two proxies to attend and vote instead of the member, but each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different Share or Shares held by such member. Where such member appoints more than two proxies, the appointments shall be invalid unless the member specifies the number of Shares in relation to which each proxy has been appointed.

'Relevant intermediary' means:

- (a) a banking corporation licensed under the Banking Act 1970 or a wholly-owned subsidiary of such a banking corporation, whose business includes the provision of nominee services and who holds shares in that capacity;
- (b) a person holding a capital markets services licence to provide custodial services for securities under the Securities and Futures Act 2001 and who holds shares in that capacity; or
- (c) the Central Provident Fund Board established by the Central Provident Fund Act 1953, in respect of shares purchased under the subsidiary legislation made under that Act providing for the making of investments from the contributions and interest standing to the credit of members of the Central Provident Fund, if the Board holds those shares in the capacity of an intermediary pursuant to or in accordance with that subsidiary legislation.
5. The completed and signed copy of this Proxy Form must be submitted to the Company in the following manner:
- (a) by depositing (whether in person or by post) a physical copy at the registered office of the Company at 63 Hillview Avenue #08-01 Lam Soon Industrial Building Singapore 669569; or
- (b) by sending a scanned PDF copy by email to agm\_egm@asianmicro.com.sg,

in either case, no later than 10.00 a.m. on 23 October 2022, and failing which, this Proxy Form will not be treated as valid .

6. A member who wishes to submit an instrument of proxy must first download, complete and sign the proxy form , before submitting it by depositing to the address provided above, or scanning and sending it by email to the email address provided above.
7. Completion and return of this instrument appointing a proxy shall not preclude a member from attending and voting at the Meeting. Any appointment of a proxy or proxies shall be deemed to be revoked if a member attends the meeting in person, and in such event, the Company reserves the right to refuse to admit any person or persons appointed under the instrument of proxy to the Meeting.
8. The instrument appointing a proxy or proxies must be under the hand of the appointor or of his attorney duly authorised in writing. Where the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies is executed by a corporation, it must be executed either under its seal or under the hand of an officer or attorney duly authorised. Where the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies is executed by an attorney on behalf of the appointor, the letter or power of attorney or a duly certified copy thereof must be lodged with the instrument.
9. A corporation which is a member may authorise by resolution of its directors or other governing body such person as it thinks fit to act as its representative at the Meeting, in accordance with Section 179 of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore.

## General:

The Company shall be entitled to reject the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies if it is incomplete, improperly completed or illegible, or where the true intentions of the appointor are not ascertainable from the instructions of the appointor specified in the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies. In addition, in the case of Shares entered in the Depository Register, the Company may reject any instrument appointing a proxy or proxies lodged if the member, being the appointor, is not shown to have Shares entered against his name in the Depository Register as at 72 hours before the time appointed for holding the Meeting, as certified by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited to the Company.

## Personal Data Privacy:

By submitting an instrument appointing a proxy(ies) and/or representative(s), the member accepts and agrees to the personal data privacy terms set out in the Notice of AGM dated 7 October 2022 .

<!-- image -->

## ASIAN MICRO HOLDINGS LIMITED

63 Hillview Avenue #08-01 Lam Soon Industrial Building Singapore 669569

Tel: 65 6862 7777 Fax: 65 6862 6277 Company Registration No. 199701052K