<!-- image -->

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

This Annual Report has been reviewed by the Company's Sponsor, Xandar Capital Pte Ltd. It has not been examined or approved by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited ('SGX-ST') and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the contents of this announcement, including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this announcement. The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms Pauline Sim (Registered Professional) at 3 Shenton Way, #24-02 Shenton House, Singapore 068805. Telephone number: (65) 6319 4954.

<!-- image -->

## AsiaMedic

## Business Units

<!-- image -->

## ASIAMEDIC WELLNESS ASSESSMENT CENTRE

AsiaMedic  Wellness  Assessment  Centre  is  a  one-stop Health Screening Centre that offers a comprehensive range  of  health  screening  packages.  Equipped  with evidence-based  medical  knowledge  and  technology, AsiaMedic have stayed true to the philosophy of early diagnosis, pre-symptomatic disease detection and prevention.  Conveniently  located  at  Orchard  Road, our  patients  can  enjoy  the  cosy  and  comfortable environment of our centre.

Our  track  record  is  testament  to  our  competence  as we  have  been  duly  appointed  by  Health  Promotion Board to deliver myopia and school health screening to pre-school, primary and secondary school students in Singapore, as well as human papilloma virus vaccination for secondary school students. With AsiaMedic's involvement  in  health  coaching  and  Project  Silver Screen,  our  presence  in  community  health  screening continues to grow and now spans across all spectrum of age groups, from pre-schoolers to elderly adults.

<!-- image -->

## ASIAMEDIC DIAGNOSTIC IMAGING CENTRE

Diagnostic  imaging  involves  the  use  of  non-invasive procedures to generate images of the body's internal anatomy and functions that can be recorded on film or digitized for display on a video monitor. Diagnostic imaging  procedures  facilitate  the  early  diagnosis  and treatment of diseases and disorders and may reduce unnecessary invasive procedures, often minimizing the costs for patients. We offer the full suite of general and advanced imaging services which include MRI, CT, bone densitometry (DEXA), ultrasound, mammography, and  X-ray.  Our  comprehensive  range  of  radiological examinations includes cardiovascular radiology, musculoskeletal  radiology,  neuroradiology,  ear  nose &amp;  throat  (ENT)  radiology,  breast  and  body  radiology. These services are provided through our subsidiaries of The Orchard Imaging Centre Pte Ltd and AsiaMedic Heart  &amp;  Vascular  Centre  Pte  Ltd.  Our  integrated  RIS PACS system enables physicians' easy and convenient access to the diagnostic scans and reports to cater to the growing demands of medical care in Singapore.

<!-- image -->

## ASIAMEDIC POSITRON EMISSION TOMOGRAPHY/ COMPUTED TOMOGRAPHY (PET/CT) CENTRE

PET/CT imaging is used for diagnosis, staging, localisation  and  monitoring  progress  of  cancer.  The AsiaMedic  Positron  Emission  Tomography/Computed Tomography (PET/CT) Centre is one of Singapore's first independent PET/CT centres that is not affiliated with any hospital. The Centre provides cardiac and cancer imaging with one of the industry's most reliable GE PET/ CT scanner, which incorporates a PET scanner with a multi-slice Computed Tomography (CT) scanner.

<!-- image -->

As  a  boutique  aesthetic  clinic,  Astique  offers  a  wide range  of  premium  medical  aesthetic  treatments.  The clinic continually upgrades its technology and services to provide our patients with the best in aesthetic care. Aesthetic  solutions  can  also  be  customised  to  meet the  specific  beauty  needs  of  our  patients  who  are  at different phases of their lives.

Patients are able to enjoy minimally invasive treatments, administered  by  our  medical  professionals  amidst  a tranquil  setting.  Some  of  these  treatments  include laser skin treatment, non-surgical facelifts, fillers, non-invasive  body  contouring  and  various  skincare products.

<!-- image -->

## AsiaMedic

## Business Units

## COMPLETE HEALTHCARE INTERNATIONAL

Complete Healthcare International (CHI) is an integrated medical centre that is dedicated to providing comprehensive healthcare of the highest standard to international and local clientele, in a caring, professional and  attentive  environment.  CHI  is  now  co-located with  a  complete  imaging  facility  that  allows  urgent assessments like an urgent care service in a hospital, carrying out diagnostics test on-the-spot, if required.

CHI also aims to create a distinctly privileged healthcare experience  for  its  patients,  with  its  team  of  highly qualified doctors, nurses, and staff. By bringing together diagnosis, treatment, care management and health promotion under one roof, we strive to be both your Family and Doctor.

## Board of

## Directors

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## MR CHARLES WANG CHONG GUANG

Non-Executive Chairman

Mr  Wang  has  many  years  of  experience in corporate finance, mergers and acquisitions,  and  financial  management, of  which  more  than  20  years  have  been spent with publicly-listed and private companies in the healthcare industry.

Mr  Wang  is  the  Group  Chief  Executive Officer  of  the  Luye  Medical  Group.  He joined  Luye  Medical  Group  as  the  Chief Financial  Officer  in  February  2015  and subsequently  became  the  Group  Chief Executive Officer in April 2017.  From February 2015 to December 2016, he was also concurrently holding the appointment of Group Vice President of Luye Pharma, where  he  had  overall  responsibility  for Luye Pharma's merger &amp; acquisitions and capital  market  activities,  including  equity and debt-related issuances outside of the PRC.

Mr Wang began his career with Kingston Smith Chartered Accountants in London, United Kingdom from 1988 to 1993, where his last held position was Assistant Audit Manager. He then joined Coopers &amp; Lybrand (subsequently merged with Price Waterhouse to become PriceWaterhouse Coopers) in Hong Kong in October 1993  as  a  Corporate  Finance  Manager. In December 1995, Mr Wang joined Hanson  Pacific  Limited,  the  Asia  Pacific headquarters of Hanson Plc, an industrial conglomerate previously listed in the United Kingdom, as Finance Director. In  June  1999,  he  joined  Asia  Renal  Care Limited,  a  healthcare  services  company

MS AONA LIU

Non-Executive Director

Ms  Liu  started  her  career  in  strategic consulting and has experience in mergers  &amp;  acquisitions  and  healthcare management  across Singapore, Japan, Australia, and China. She is currently the Executive  Chairperson  of  Luye  Medical Group  group  of  companies,  the  hospital and healthcare services platform of Luye Life Sciences Group Ltd. Luye Medical Group group of companies provides medical services with a focus on specialties  such  as  oncology,  cardiology, mental health and rehabilitation.

which specialises in providing kidney dialysis services in the Asia Pacific region, as Chief Financial Officer. In December 2008, he  joined  Tongjitang  Chinese  Medicine Limited,  a  company  that  specialises  in the manufacturing  and  distribution of modern Chinese medicine and which was previously  listed  on  the  New  York  Stock Exchange, as Chief Financial Officer. From November 2010 to January 2012, he was appointed  as  the  Chief  Financial  Officer of  Trauson  Holdings  Company  Limited, an orthopaedic device manufacturing company  previously  listed  on  the  Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Subsequently from July 2012 to February 2015, he served as the Chief Financial Officer of China NT Pharma Group Company Limited, a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange which specializes in the manufacturing and distribution of pharmaceutical products.

As the Chief Financial Officer of the companies that Mr Wang served at, Mr  Wang  was  responsible  for,  among others,  finance,  mergers  &amp;  acquisitions, information technology, company secretarial and investor relations functions of these companies.

Mr Wang obtained a Bachelor's Degree in Economics (Honours) from the University of Leeds in 1988. He is also a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of England and Wales since 1991.

She is also the founding CEO of Philosojoy Singapore Pte. Ltd., a company established to invest in artistic areas and to preserve and promote Asian art, culture and heritage.

Ms Liu holds a Bachelor of Arts in Economics  (Honours)  and  a  Master  of Arts  in  Economics  (Honours)  from  the University  of  Edinburgh  and  a  Master of Science in International Healthcare Management from Imperial College London.

MS ALICE NG BEE YEE Independent Director

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Ms Ng has more than 20  years  of  experience in the corporate finance sector, where she was involved in initial public offerings and reverse  takeover  transactions,  as  well  as other financial  advisory  transactions  and continuing sponsorships. Since June 2022, Ms Ng is the Head of Finance at Golden Energy And Resources Limited, a company listed on the Mainboard of the Singapore Exchange. Prior to this, Ms Ng was Director of Continuing Sponsorship at ZICO Capital Pte. Ltd., and advised Catalist-listed companies  on  compliance  with  the  SGXCatalist Rules. Ms Ng had also held various

## MR CHUA KENG WOON

Independent Director

Mr Chua has over 16 years of experience in  the  banking  and  finance  industry.  He served  as  an  advisor  to  Secured  Capital Singapore  Pte  Ltd,  a  company  engaged in mezzanine  financing services, from January  to  November  2018.  From  2008 to  2016,  Mr  Chua  was  with  Canaccord Genuity Singapore Pte Ltd (formerly known  as  Collins  Stewart  Pte.  Limited). He last held the position of Senior Director,  Equity  Capital  Market  and  was primarily  involved  in  corporate  advisory and fund raising activities for companies. Prior  to  that,  Mr  Chua  had  held  various posts as Associate  Director of Capital Market  Group  in  Philip Securities Pte

## MR LEONG YEW MENG

Independent Director

Mr Leong brings with him more than 30 years  of  experience  in  the  healthcare industry.

Mr  Leong  started  his  healthcare  career in  1989  at  Singapore  General  Hospital, before  he  went  on  to  serve  as  Chief Operating Officer at the National University  Hospital  from  1994  to  2000. He joined Thomson Medical Group as its Group Chief Executive Officer in 2000. In 2002,  he  was  appointed  Chief  Executive Officer  of  Woodbridge  Hospital/Institute of Mental Health, a role he held from 2002 to  2011.  In  2009,  he  was  concurrently appointed Chief Executive Officer of National Healthcare Group Polyclinics and stayed on until 2014.

In  2016,  Mr  Leong  was  appointed  Chief Executive Officer (Greater China) and had provided leadership for Parkway Pantai Ltd's operations in China and Hong  Kong  including  its  primary  care clinics  in  Shanghai,  Beijing,  Suzhou  and Hong  Kong  and  development  of  new

## Board of

## Directors

positions as Director of Corporate Finance /  Continuing  Sponsorship  in  Canaccord Genuity Singapore Pte. Ltd. (formerly known  as  Collins  Stewart  Pte.  Limited), Director  of  Corporate  Finance  in  CIMB Bank  Berhad, Assistant Vice President (Capital Market Group) in Philip Securities Pte Ltd, and Assistant Vice President (Corporate Finance Department) in Hong Leong Finance Limited. She was also involved  in  compliance  and  audit  work from July 1998 to March 2001.

Ms Ng graduated from Nanyang Technological  University  with  a  Bachelor of Accountancy in 1998.

Ltd,  Assistant  Vice  President,  Corporate Finance  in  Hong  Leong  Finance  Limited, Manager, Corporate Finance in UOB Asia  Limited,  Manager  in  Capital  Equity Markets in DBS, Bank Limited, as well as Senior Officer - Inspectorate Department in the Stock Exchange of Singapore. He is also an independent director of Hai Leck Holdings Ltd.

Mr Chua graduated from Nanyang Technological  University  with  a  Bachelor of  Business  Degree majoring in Financial Analysis in 1996. He is a CFA charterholder and member of CFA Institute.

hospital projects in Chengdu, Hong Kong, Nanjing  and  Shanghai.  He  left  Parkway Pantai Ltd in 2017 to join Shanghai Fosun Hospital  Investment  (Group)  Co.  Ltd.  as its  Chief  Executive  Officer  to  spearhead the  operations  and  management  of  its eight  hospitals  and  several  new  hospital development projects  in  various  cities  in China. He also served as a board member of United Family Health, a leading high-end premier  healthcare  brand  in  China  with seven hospitals and more than 20 clinics in  Beijing,  Shanghai,  Tianjin,  Guangzhou, Qingdao, and Hainan Island. He left Shanghai Fosun Hospital Investment (Group) Co. Ltd. in February 2019 to return to Singapore.

Mr  Leong  has  a  Bachelor  of  Mechanical Engineering degree and a Master of Business Administration degree (MBA)  from  the  National  University  of Singapore. He also attended the Advanced Management Program at Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania.

## Senior Management &amp; Clinician Leaders

## MR ARIFIN KWEK ZHI BIN

B. Engineering, B. Economics, MBA Chief Executive Officer

Mr  Kwek  has  more  than  20  years'  experience  in  the healthcare industry covering operations, marketing and business development.

Before joining AsiaMedic in June 2022, Mr Kwek was the Managing Director of Lifescan Imaging Centre and Lifescan Medical Centre, subsidiaries of Singapore Medical Group ('SMG') and was responsible for managing the diagnostic imaging and health screening business of SMG (2015 to June 2022). Mr Kwek also served as Senior Vice President of SMG during which he was responsible for the group's patient,  physician,  insurance  and  corporate  networks (2011 to 2019).

Before  joining  SMG,  Mr  Kwek  held  the  positions  of Director of Operations at International Cancer Specialists (2008  to  2011)  and  Senior  Manager  for  Corporate Marketing at Parkway Hospitals Singapore (2001 to 2008). Mr  Kwek  holds  a  Master  of  Business  Administration (MBA) from the Australian National University (Australia). He  also  attended  Harvard  Medical  School's  Southeast Asia Healthcare Leadership program (2019-2020).

## MR STANLEY WOO

B. Com. Group Financial Controller

Mr  Woo  oversees  the  Group's  finance,  accounting  and taxation functions. He joined the Group in 2009. Before joining  the  Group,  he  worked  as  a  financial  controller in  listed  companies.  He  also  has  auditing  experience. He  holds  a  Bachelor  of  Commerce  degree  from  the University of Melbourne and is a member of the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants.

## DR LIM PUAY JOO

MBBS, FRCR (UK) Consultant Radiologist &amp; Medical Director Advanced Imaging Centre

Dr Lim graduated  from  the National University of Singapore in 2005 before obtaining his fellowship from the Royal  College of Radiologists,  London  in  2012. Subsequently, he qualified as a Specialist in Diagnostic Radiology in 2015 and commenced specialist practice as a  Consultant  in  the  Department  of  Radiology,  Ng  Teng Fong General Hospital. Since 2018, he has been in private practice.  Dr  Lim  is  conversant  and  highly  experienced in  reading  Computed  Tomography  (CT)  and  Magnetic Resonance  Imaging  (MRI)  studies.  He  has  a  special interest in musculoskeletal radiology.

## DR FIONA CHANG

MD (Taiwan), MRCP (Glasgow) Asst. Medical Director Complete Healthcare International Pte Ltd

Dr Chang obtained her medical degree from Chang Gung University,  Taiwan  2011  and  subsequently  completed her post-graduate training in Internal Medicine, Singapore. In 2015, Dr Chang attained the Membership of the Royal College of Physician (MRCP), Glasgow, United Kingdom and had since been practicing medicine in the Singapore  restructured  hospitals  drawing  experience in renal medicine, respiratory medicine, cardiology and  dermatology.  Her  areas  of  interest  are  preventive medicine, chronic disease  management  and  minor surgical procedures.

## DR YONG ZHI YONG

MBBS (Singapore), Graduate Diploma in Family Medicine (Singapore)

Head of Department &amp; Medical Director

AsiaMedic Astique The Aesthetic Clinic

Dr Yong obtained his medical degree from the National University of Singapore. He subsequently obtained a  Graduate  Diploma  in  Family  Medicine  (GDFM)  and completed  all  the  certificates  of  competency  (COC)  in administering botulinum toxin injection, chemical peels, dermal  fillers,  facial  threads,  laser  for  treating  skin pigmentation  and  intense  pulsed  light,  among  others. He  keeps  abreast  of  the  latest  medical  technologies through conferences and private trainings. Through this, Dr  Yong  ensures  that  the  highest  standards  of  clinical quality and patient safety are met, and only recommends technologies  that  have  sound  clinical  evidence  to  his patients.  Dr  Yong  believes  in  using  minimally  invasive approach in treating various skin conditions to enhance a person's natural beauty and delaying the signs of ageing.

<!-- image -->

CHARLES WANG Non-Executive Chairman

## DEAR SHAREHOLDERS

The Group entered FY2022 with certain uncertainties due to the completion of major imaging and health screening projects in FY2021. Confronted with such challenges, the Group  took  proactive  steps  to  pursue  other  business opportunities. I am pleased to report that the Group ended the year with a commendable performance. The Group's revenue increased by $0.6 million or 3% to $18.9 million for  FY2022,  from  $18.3  million  for  FY2021.  The  Group recorded a profit of $2.2 million in  FY2022 due mainly to  a  net  writeback  of  non-cash  impairment  charge  of $1 million.

## WELLNESS BUSINESS

Over the years,  AsiaMedic's  executive  health  screening centre  has  consolidated  its  reputation  as  one  of  the leading  health  screening  providers  in  Singapore.  It  is located in a prime location at the intersection of Orchard Road and Scotts Road, is fully equipped with advanced diagnostic  imaging  equipment  and  staffed  by  trained doctors and personnel. During the year, we made special efforts to optimise our workflow and to ensure that we maintained proper staffing levels. These enabled us to support a higher volume of business at the year-end peak season. I mentioned in last year's letter to shareholders that the Group is no longer the sole provider of schoolbased  health  screening  and  vaccination  services  from January  2022,  which  would  have  an  impact  on  the revenue and earnings of the onsite healthcare business in  FY2022.  In  view  of  this,  the  onsite  healthcare  team worked  on  sourcing  for  new  projects.  It  is  noteworthy that the team was successful in securing and completing other  projects  which  mitigated  the  lower  contribution from the schools.

## IMAGING BUSINESS

The  performance  of  the  imaging  business  improved in  FY2022 due mainly to a higher volume of diagnostic imaging  scans  from  referrals  by  specialist  clinics  as  a result of  foreign patients returning to Singapore postpandemic. A significant proportion of our imaging business  is from  referrals by specialist clinics.  The provision  of  MRI  scanning  services  for  restructured hospitals  also  increased  in  the  second  half  of  FY2022. Our  continued  selection  by  the  restructured  hospitals demonstrates our capability to meet demanding standards. As a result of the improved utilisation rate of the imaging equipment, there was a writeback of noncash impairment charge for the imaging business' plant and  equipment  and  right-of-use  assets  (for  lease  of premises) of $1.9 million.

## Chairman's Statement

## Chairman's Statement

## AESTHETIC AND INTERNATIONAL CLINIC BUSINESSES

Revenue from the aesthetic business and the international clinic  business  decreased in FY2022, due mainly to the attrition  of  doctors  and  the  drop  in  Covid-related  tests as Covid restrictions were gradually relaxed, respectively. A  non-cash  impairment  loss  for  plant  and  equipment and  goodwill  relating  to  the  aesthetics  business  of $0.4 million and $0.5 million respectively was recognised after  taking  into  consideration  that  the  business  has been loss-making as the level of activity of the aesthetic business has not recovered to pre-pandemic levels.

## OUTLOOK

The  operating  environment  of  our  Group  continues  to be  challenging  due  to  intense  competition,  shortage of skilled manpower and rising manpower costs. The  Group  has  intensified  its  efforts  to  address  such challenges and achieve the Group's long-term strategic goals.  The  Singapore  government's  focus  towards  a healthier population through the 'Healthier SG' initiative may generate increased awareness for preventive healthcare and therefore drive demand for our wellness business.  We  should  be  mindful  that  the  revenue  of our onsite healthcare business may fluctuate from year to  year  due  to  the  inherent  nature  of    project-based contracts. We are reviewing the capacity of our MRI and ultrasound services in  view  of  the  rising  demand  from both the private and public sectors, as well as the need to  stay  current  with  the  latest  software  and  hardware technological  advances.  Our  international  clinic  is  now co-located  at  the  same  level  of  Shaw  House  with  our imaging centre which will allow urgent diagnostic scans to be done, thereby providing greater convenience and enhancing  our  patients'  experience.  Management  is currently  undertaking  a  review  of  its  strategic  options of the aesthetics business and is actively taking steps to address the situation of the shortage of doctors for the aesthetic business as this remains a key constraint faced by the business. As digital technology is a vital component in  healthcare  going  forward,  we  are  upgrading  our information technology (IT) infrastructure and adopting new  digital  and  artificial  intelligence  (AI)  technology  to enhance  our  patients'  experience,  improve  workflows, efficiency, and patient care.

## IN APPRECIATION

Our businesses only exist owing to the support and trust of our many patients and clients. To them, I express our heartfelt gratitude. To all our staff, I am grateful for their sacrifices,  dedication,  and  hard  work  throughout  the year. I would also like to thank the Board of Directors for their  invaluable  guidance.  Last,  but  most  certainly  not least, I thank our valued shareholders for their continuing support.

AsiaMedic  celebrated  its  25 th   anniversary  in  FY2022. I look forward to many more successful years with all our stakeholders.

## CHARLES WANG

Non-Executive Chairman

The Group's revenue increased by $0.6 million or 3% to $18.9 million for FY2022, from $18.3 million for FY2021. This was due mainly to the increase in revenue from the imaging and wellness businesses, partially offset by the decrease in revenue from the aesthetic and international clinic businesses. Imaging business improved in FY2022 due  to  higher  volume  of  MRI  scans  from  restructured hospitals and the return of foreign patients to Singapore. Wellness business improved in FY2022, largely attributable to improved workflow and the maintenance of  proper  staffing  levels  to  support  higher  volumes  of business  during  the  year-end  peak  season.  Revenue from the aesthetic business and the international clinic business decreased in FY2022, due mainly to attrition of doctors and the drop in Covid-related tests, respectively.

Other  income  decreased  to  $0.4  million  in  FY2022 from $0.9 million in  FY2021,  due  mainly  to  absence  of government pandemic support grants in FY2022.

With the increase in revenue, consumables used increased by  $0.2  million  or  13%  to  $1.5  million,  and  laboratory and  consultancy  fees  increased  by  $0.3  million  or  13% to $2.3 million in FY2022. Depreciation and amortisation expense decreased by $0.2 million or 18% to $1.0 million in  FY2022  following  the  non-cash  impairment  made  for the right-of-use assets and plant and equipment relating to the imaging business in FY2021. The increase in finance costs of $0.1 million or 66% to $0.2 million in FY2022 was due mainly to a higher interest rate being applied for the Lease Modification recognised in FY2022. Other operating expenses increased by $0.3 million or 13% to $2.4 million in FY2022 due to the increase in business activities. There was a net reversal of non-cash impairment charges which resulted in a gain of $1 million in FY2022 as compared to a non-cash impairment charge of $0.9 million in FY2021. Reversals  of  non-cash  impairment  charges  for  imaging equipment  and  right-of-use  assets  (relating  to  lease  of premises)  of  $0.6  million  and  $1.3  million  respectively were  made  taking  into  consideration  the  improvement in the performance of the imaging business. A non-cash impairment  loss  on  plant  and  equipment  and  goodwill relating  to  the  aesthetics  business  totalling  $0.9  million was recognised in FY2022 after taking into consideration the  aesthetics  business  has  been  loss-making  as  the demand for aesthetic services has not recovered to prepandemic levels. Share of results of associate increased by $0.1 million or 35% to $0.5 million in FY2022 as a result of improvement in sales of the associate in FY2022.

As a result of the above, the Group recorded improved profit of $2.2 million in FY2022, as compared to a profit of $0.7 million in FY2021.

## CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

## Non-Current Assets

Non-current assets  increased  to  $10.2  million  as  at  31 December  2022,  from  $6.7  million  as  at  31  December 2021.  Plant  and  equipment  increased  to  $1.5  million as  at  31  December  2022  from  $0.6  million  as  at  31 December  2021  due  to  the  net  reversal  of  non-cash impairment charges and capital expenditure in FY2022.

## Financial Review

Right-of-use assets increased to $6.5 million from $3.7 million as at 31 December 2021 due to the reversal of  non-cash  impairment  charges  and  accounting  for lease  modification  of  premises  in  FY2022  (the  'Lease Modification').  The  Lease  Modification  was  recognised as  a  result  of  the  reassessment  of  the  lease  term  of  a lease. The decrease in goodwill was due to the non-cash impairment charges in relation to the aesthetics business recognised in FY2022 as mentioned above.

## Current Assets

Current assets of $13.5 million as at 31 December 2022 was relatively  unchanged  from  that  as  at  31  December 2021. Trade receivables increased to $3.0 million as at 31 December 2022, from $2.1 million as at 31 December 2021. This  was  due  mainly  to  higher  level  of  business  activity in 2H2022 and the increase in amount owing under the schools and community health screening projects. Other investment of $2 million as at 31 December 2022 relates to short-term investment in credit-linked notes issued by DBS  Bank  Ltd  (referencing  SGD  Monetary  Authority  of Singapore bills) that mature in March 2023, entered into by the Group for financial management purposes. Cash and cash equivalents decreased to $6.6 million as at 31 December 2022 from $9.5 million as at 31 December 2021. Please refer to the section below on review of 'Condensed Interim  Consolidated  Statement  of  Cash  Flows'  for  the reasons for decrease in cash and cash equivalents.

## Current Liabilities

Current  liabilities  decreased  to  $5.3  million  as  at  31 December  2022,  from  $5.5  million  as  at  31  December 2021. Trade payables increased to $1.5 million as at 31 December  2022  from  $1.1  million  as  at  31  December 2021,  in  line  with  the  higher  level  of  activity.  Lease liabilities  decreased  to  $0.9  million  as  at  31  December 2022, from $1.2 million as at 31 December 2021, due to the Lease Modification recognised in FY2022.

## Net Current Assets

As a result of the decrease in current liabilities while current assets remained relatively unchanged, net current assets increased to $8.3 million as at 31 December 2022, from $8.0 million as at 31 December 2021.

## Non-Current Liabilities

Non-current liabilities increased to $7.5 million as at 31 December  2022,  from  $6.0  million  as  at  31  December 2021. Lease liabilities (non-current portion) increased to $6.4 million as at 31 December 2022, from $4.8 million as at 31 December 2021, due to the Lease Modification recognised in FY2022.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

The Group has a net cash inflow from operating activities of  $1.2  million  in  FY2022,  as  compared  to  a  net  cash inflow of $3.4 million in FY2021, due to higher working capital  requirements in FY2022. Net cash outflow used in  investing  activities  was  $2.7  million  in  FY2022  as compared to net cash outflow of $0.1 million in FY2021 due mainly to the short-term investment in credit-linked notes  for  financial  management  purposes,  and  the higher purchase of plant and equipment in FY2022.

## Financial

## Highlights

| 2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  S$  S$  S$  S$  S$  Revenue  18,828,662  18,989,960  15,279,133  18,255,133  18,882,431  Profit/(Loss) before taxation  (4,043,913)  (588,233)  (4,295,166)  715,031  2,186,023  Net profit/(loss) after tax  attributable to owners of the  Company  (4,774,824)  (588,233)  (4,295,166)  715,031  2,186,023  Share capital and reserves  4,376,695  3,813,674*  8,040,118  8,750,132  10,941,172   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Cents

(1.22)

(1.22)

1.12

Earnings/(loss) per share - Basic

- Diluted

Net asset value per share

Cents

(0.15)

(0.15)

0.98

Cents

(0.39)

(0.39)

0.72

Cents

0.06

0.06

0.78

* On 14 January 2020, the Company raised net proceeds of $8,523,000 in connection with its Rights Issue.

## Group

## Structure

## SUBSIDIARIES (100%)

The Orchard Imaging Centre Pte Ltd

AsiaMedic Heart &amp; Vascular Centre Pte Ltd

AsiaMedic PET/CT Centre Pte Ltd

AsiaMedic Wellness Assessment Centre Pte Ltd

## ASSOCIATE (33%)

Positron Tracers Pte Ltd

Cents

0.20

0.20

0.98

Complete Healthcare International Pte Ltd

AsiaMedic Astique The Aesthetic Clinic Pte Ltd

AMC Healthcare Pte Ltd*

AsiaMedic Eye Centre Pte Ltd*

* Inactive

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Mr Charles Wang Chong Guang (Non-Executive Chairman)

Ms Aona Liu (Non-Executive Director)

Ms Alice Ng Bee Yee (Independent Director)

Mr Chua Keng Woon (Independent Director)

Mr Leong Yew Meng (Independent Director)

## AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE

Ms Alice Ng Bee Yee (Chairperson) Mr Chua Keng Woon Mr Charles Wang Chong Guang

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Mr Leong Yew Meng (Chairman) Ms Alice Ng Bee Yee Mr Charles Wang Chong Guang

## NOMINATING COMMITTEE

Mr Chua Keng Woon (Chairman) Mr Leong Yew Meng Ms Aona Liu

## EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

Mr Charles Wang Chong Guang Mr Arifin Kwek Mr Stanley Woo

## REGISTRAR AND SHARE TRANSFER OFFICE

KCK CorpServe Pte Ltd 1 Raffles Place #04-63 One Raffles Place (Tower 2) Singapore 048616

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Ms Foo Soon Soo

## AUDITORS

Baker Tilly TFW LLP 600 North Bridge Road #05-01 Parkview Square Singapore 188778

Partner-in-charge: Mr Chan Sek Wai, Jeremy (A practising member of Institute of Chartered Accountants of Singapore) (Date of appointment: since financial year ended 31 December 2022)

## REGISTERED OFFICE

350 Orchard Road #08-00 Shaw House Singapore 238868 Tel: (65) 6789 8888 Fax: (65) 6738 4136 Email: info@asiamedic.com.sg Website: www.asiamedic.com.sg

## PRINCIPAL BANKER

DBS Bank Ltd

## CATALIST SPONSOR

Xandar Capital Pte Ltd 3 Shenton Way #24-02 Shenton House Singapore 068805

## Corporate Information

## Corporate Governance Report

The Board of Directors of AsiaMedic Limited (the 'Company') and together with its subsidiaries, (the'Group') is committed to ensuring that high standards of corporate governance and transparency are practised for the interest of all  shareholders. This report describes the Group's governance practices that were in place during FY2022, with speci fi c  reference  to  the  principles  and  the  provisions  of  the  Code  of  Corporate  Governance  2018  (the  'Code') issued  on  6  August  2018  and  accompanying  Practice  Guidance  (updated  on  29  June  2021)  which  forms  part  of the continuing obligations of the Catalist Rules. The Board is pleased to report that, for FY2022, the Company has complied in all material aspects with the principles and provisions set out in the Code. Where there are deviations from the provisions of the Code, appropriate explanations have been provided and how the practices the Company had adopted are consistent with the intent of the relevant principle of the Code. The Company will continue to assess its needs and implement appropriate measures accordingly.

## BOARD MATTERS

## THE BOARD'S CONDUCT OF AFFAIRS

## Principle 1: The company is headed by an e ff ective Board which is collectively responsible and works with Management for the long term success of the company.

The Board of Directors (the 'Board') comprises fi ve  Directors, has the appropriate mix of core competencies and diversity  of  experience  to  direct  and  lead  the  Company.  As  at  the  date  of  this  report,  the  Board  comprises  the following members:

| Date of appointment as Director  Mr Charles Wang Chong Guang  Non-Executive Chairman  22 March 2019  Ms Aona Liu  Non-Executive Director  11 February 2022  Ms Alice Ng Bee Yee  Independent Director  29 April 2021  Mr Chua Keng Woon  Independent Director  15 August 2018  Mr Leong Yew Meng  Independent Director  16 July 2020   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Provision 1.1 Board's role

The primary role of the Board is to lead and control the Group. It provides entrepreneurial leadership and sets the strategies of the Group (comprising the Company and its subsidiaries). The Board sets directions and goals for the Management (comprising the key executive o ffi cers of the Group) which include appropriate focus on value creation, innovation and sustainability. The Board believes that focus on sustainability will place the Group in a better position to create value for shareholders while looking after the broader stakeholder community.

The Board also reviews to ensure that the Group has the necessary fi nancial  and  human  resources  in  place  to meet the goals and objectives. The Board is responsible for establishing and maintaining a sound risk management framework to  e ff ectively  monitor  and  manage  risks,  and  to  achieve  an  appropriate  balance  between  risks  and company performance. The Board supervises the Management and monitors its performance.

The Board is responsible for the overall corporate governance of the Group including instilling an ethical corporate culture and ensuring that the Company's values, standards, policies and practices are consistent with the culture. The Board has put in place a code of conduct and ethics which require the Directors facing con fl icts  of  interest to recuse themselves from discussion and decisions involving the issues of con fl ict.  The  Board also adopted internal guidelines governing matters that require the Board's approval.

## Provision 1.2 Scope of director's duties

The Board is accountable to the shareholders and the Directors are aware of their duties at law which require them to act in good faith and the best interests of the Company and to comply with the Catalist Rules. The Directors have each signed the respective undertaking in the form set out in Appendix 7H of the Catalist Rules to undertake to use their best endeavours to comply with the Catalist Rules and to procure that the Company shall so comply. The Directors have also procured a similar undertaking by the Chief Executive O ffi cer and the Group Financial Controller in their capacity as Executive O ffi cers for FY2022.

## Induction, training and development of new and existing directors

The Company has in place an orientation process. A new incoming Director is issued a formal letter of appointment setting out his/her duties and obligations.

The new Director will also be briefed by the other Directors and the Management on the Group's strategic direction, corporate governance practices, business and organisation structure, and industry-speci fi c  knowledge.  The  new Director  will  also  be  introduced  to  the  senior  management  to  facilitate  independent  communication  channels between the new Director and the senior management.

Ms Aona Liu, who was appointed to the Board in FY2022, attended the relevant Listed Entity Director Programme modules conducted by the Singapore Institute of Directors.

The Nominating Committee reviews and makes recommendations on the training and professional development programs to the Board as and when applicable.

On at least a half yearly basis, and as and when appropriate, the Board is briefed:

- (1) By the Company Secretary and/or the external auditors on the fi nancial, legal and regulatory requirements which include the following:
2. (a) directors' duties in respect of the Group's fi nancial statements;
3. (b) provisions under the Catalist Rules;
4. (c) provisions of the Companies Act 1967;
5. (d) Code of Corporate Governance; and
6. (e) fi nancial reporting standards relevant to the Group.
- (2) By the Management on the business environment and outlook for the Group's operations.

## Provision 1.3

## Internal guidelines on matters requiring Board's approval

Besides  matters  which  are  specifically  required  to  be  approved  by  the  Board  by  statutes,  the  Company's Constitution, and the Catalist Rules, material transactions that require the Board's approval, amongst others, are:

- (a) corporate strategies and initiatives;
- (b) acquisitions,  disposals,  investments,  and  divestments  of  assets  (which  include  equity,  debt,  business undertakings, and options to acquire/dispose of assets);
- (c) internal controls, audit, risk management, and corporate governance practices;

## Corporate Governance Report

## Corporate Governance Report

- (d) fi nancial plans and budgets;
- (e) capital structure and funding decisions;
- (f) fi nancial reports (including fi nancial statements announcements and Annual Reports);
- (g) accounting, fi nancial, and remuneration policies and practices;
- (h) material contracts, guarantees and commitments;
- (i) con fl icts  of  interest  (where  permitted  by  the  Company's  Constitution),  related  party  transactions,  and interested person transactions; and
- (j) resolutions and corresponding documentation to be put forward to shareholders at general meetings.

The Board has delegated to the EXCO (as de fi ned herein and its role further elaborated in the ensuing section) the authority to approve such expenditures up to a certain threshold.

All Directors are obliged to exercise due diligence and independent judgment, and make decisions objectively in the interests of the Group.

## Provision 1.4

## Delegation of authority to board committees

As at the date of this report, the Board comprises fi ve members, of whom two are Non-Executive Directors and three are Independent Directors.

| Name of Director  Board  Board Committees  Non-  Executive  Directors  Independent  Directors  ARMC  RC  NC  Mr Charles Wang Chong Guang  Chairman  -  Member  Member  -  Ms Aona Liu  Member  -  -  -  Member  Ms Alice Ng Bee Yee  -  Member  Chairman  Member  -  Mr Chua Keng Woon  -  Member  Member  -  Chairman  Mr Leong Yew Meng  -  Member  -  Chairman  Member   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Board has formed the Audit and Risk Management Committee ('ARMC'), the Nominating Committee ('NC'), the Remuneration Committee ('RC') and the Executive Committee ('EXCO') (collectively, the 'Board Committees' or individually, a 'Board Committee') to assist in carrying out and discharging its duties and responsibilities e ffi ciently and e ff ectively.

These Board Committees function within clearly de fi ned terms of reference and operating procedures including procedures for dealing with con fl icts  of  interest.  A  Board  Committee member is required to disclose his interest and recuse himself from discussions and decisions involving a con fl ict  of  interest.  The  e ff ectiveness of each Board Committee is constantly reviewed by the Board.

The information on the ARMC, RC and NC are disclosed in this report below.

## EXCO

The objectives of the EXCO, amongst others, are to assist the Board in the following:

- (a) Consider the Group's business plan and annual budget;
- (b) Consider the overall performance of the Group and provide recommendations to enhance performance;
- (c) Providing direction and guidance to the Management and overseeing the Management's performance; and
- (d) Facilitating decision making by the Board relating to important strategic and major operational issues faced by the Group, by making recommendation and proposal to the Board.

The members of the EXCO are:

Mr Charles Wang Chong Guang Dr Wong Kae Thong (to 2 April 2022) Mr Ari fi n Kwek (from 20 June 2022) Mr Stanley Woo

Non-Executive Chairman

Chief Operating O ffi cer ('COO')

Chief Executive O ffi cer ('CEO')

Group Financial Controller ('GFC')

## Provision 1.5

Meetings of Board and board committees

The following table discloses the number of meetings held for Board and Board Committees and the attendance of the Directors in FY2022:

| Types of meetings  Board  ARMC  RC  NC  Mr Charles Wang Chong Guang  5/5  -  1/1  -  Ms Aona Liu  (1)  5/5  -  -  1/1  Ms Alice Ng Bee Yee  5/5  2/2  1/1  -  Mr Chua Keng Woon  5/5  2/2  -  1/1  Mr Leong Yew Meng  5/5  -  1/1  1/1   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (1) Appointed on 11 February 2022.

In addition to the above formal meetings, the Directors also had discussions in the fi nancial year.

The NC takes into consideration other listed board representations held by the Directors and ensures that Directors give su ffi cient  time  and attention to the a ff airs  of  the  Group.  While  the  Board considers Directors' attendance at Board meetings as important, it should not be the only criterion to measure their contributions. The Board also takes into account the contributions by Board members in other forms including periodical reviews, provision of guidance and advice on various matters relating to the Group.

The  Constitution  of  the  Company  provides  for  Directors  to  conduct  meetings  by  teleconferencing  or videoconferencing. When a physical meeting is not possible, timely communication with members of the Board can be achieved through electronic means. The Board and Board Committees may also make decisions through circular resolutions.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Corporate Governance Report

## Provision 1.6 Board's access to information

All Directors have access to complete and adequate information on timely basis. All Directors are from time to time furnished with information concerning the Group to enable them to be fully cognizant of the decisions and actions of the Management. The Board has unrestricted access to the Group's records and information. As a general rule, Board and Board Committee papers are circulated at least three business days prior to the meeting. The Board receives monthly fi nancial reports by the Management which includes explanations on material variances between projections and actual results.

The Management are available to provide explanatory information in the form of brie fi ngs or formal presentations to the Directors in attendance at Board meetings.

## Provision 1.7

## Board's access to Management, Company Secretary and external advisers

The Board has separate and independent access to the Company Secretary and the Management at all times in carrying out their duties. The Company Secretary attends all meetings of the Board and the Board Committees of the Company, and ensures that relevant Board and Board Committee procedures are followed and that applicable rules and regulations are complied with. The minutes of all Board and Board Committee meetings are circulated to the Board. The appointment and removal of the Company Secretary is subject to the approval of the Board.

Each Director also has separate and independent access to external advisers engaged by the Group and has the right to seek independent legal and other professional advice, at the Company's expense, concerning any aspect of the Group's operations or undertakings in order to ful fi l their duties and responsibilities as Directors.

## BOARD COMPOSITION AND BALANCE

Principle 2: The Board has an appropriate level of independence and diversity of thought and background in its composition to enable it to make decisions in the best interests of the company.

## Provision 2.1 Independence of directors

The criterion for independence is based on the de fi nition given in the Code. The Code has de fi ned an 'independent' director as one who has no relationship with the Company, its related corporations, its substantial shareholders or  its  o ffi cers  that  could  interfere,  or  be  reasonably  perceived  to  interfere,  with  the  exercise  of  the  director's independent business judgment with a view to the best interests of the Group. The independence of each Director (including Independent Director) is reviewed annually by the NC, based on the de fi nition of independence as stated in the Code.

Our Independent Directors, Mr Chua Keng Woon, Mr Leong Yew Meng and Ms Alice Ng Bee Yee have also con fi rmed their  independence  and  that  they  do  not  have  any  relationship  with  the  Company,  its  related  corporations,  its substantial  shareholders  or  its  o ffi cers  that  could  interfere,  or  be  reasonably  perceived  to  interfere,  with  the exercise of their independent judgement with a view to the best interests of the Company. The NC has determined that  the  Independent Directors constructively challenge and help develop proposals on strategy and review the performance of the Management in meeting agreed goals and objectives and monitor the reporting of performance. The NC considers them to be independent. They have abstained from the NC's deliberations of their respective independence. None of the independent Directors have served on Board for more than nine years from the date of their respective appointments.

## Provisions 2.2 and 2.3 Independent element of the Board

The Board consists of fi ve  Directors,  two  of  whom  are  Non-Executive  Non-Independent Directors and three are Independent Directors.

The Company satis fi es the requirements of Rule 406(3)(c) of the Catalist Rules and the Code as the Board comprises wholly Non-Executive Directors and a majority of the Board is made up of Independent Directors.

## Provision 2.4

## Composition and diversity of the Board

The Company has in place a Board Diversity Policy, which endorses the principle that   the Board should have a balance of skill,  knowledge, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to its business to promote the inclusion of di ff erent perspectives and ideas to ensure e ff ective decision making and governance of the Company and its businesses.

The NC annually reviews and assesses the Board composition and recommends the appointment of new directors, where applicable. For new and continuing appointments, the NC will consider factors such as skills, experience, age,  gender,  educational  and  professional  background,  tenure  of  service  and  other  relevant  attributes.  Core competencies, which are taken into account in the selection and appointment of Directors, include but are not limited  to  business  and  management  experience,  industry  knowledge,  familiarity  with  regulatory  requirements, knowledge of risk management, fi nance and accounting, audit and internal controls. The NC will ensure that its search for new directors include female candidates with suitable core competencies with the aim to promote gender diversity on the Board.

All Board appointments will be made on merit. The Company aims to build and maintain a Board with a diversity of directors, in terms of the skills, knowledge, experience, independence, age and gender.

The NC has reviewed the current composition of the Board and is of the view that the current Board members comprise persons whose diverse skills, experience and attributes provide for e ff ective direction for the Group, as described below:

| Number of  Directors  Proportion  of Board  Core Competencies  Accounting / Finance / Corporate governance experience  3  60%  Industry / Customer-based knowledge or experience  3  60%  Business management / Strategic planning experience  3  60%  Age  &gt; 60  1  20%  51 - 60  2  40%  40 - 50  1  20%  &lt; 40  1  20%  Gender  Male  3  60%  Female  2  40%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Corporate Governance Report

## Corporate Governance Report

## Provision 2.5 Role of non-executive directors

In FY2022, the Board comprises only Non-Executive Directors and Independent Directors. The Board constructively challenge  and  help  develop  both  the  Group's  short-term  and  long-term  business  strategies.  The  Management's progress and performance in implementing such agreed business strategies are reported to the Board regularly.

During the fi nancial year, the Board meets as and when a need arose without the presence of the Management to discuss the a ff airs of the Group. The Company also bene fi ted from the Management's ready access to the Directors for  guidance  and  exchange  of  views  both  within  and  outside  the  formal  environment  of  the  Board  and  Board Committee meetings.

The Board had one meeting without the presence of the Management in FY2022.

## CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Principle  3:  There  is  a  clear  division  of  responsibilities  between  the  leadership  of  the  Board  and Management, and no one individual has unfettered powers of decision-making.

Provision 3.1

Separate roles of Chairman and Chief Executive O ffi cer

The roles of Chairman and CEO are separate.

## Provision 3.2

Roles and Responsibilities of the Chairman

The roles of the Chairman and CEO are separate and distinct, each having his own areas of responsibilities.

The Chairman chairs the meetings of the Board and ensures e ff ectiveness of the Board including setting agenda for  Board meetings with input from the Management, and ensures that there is su ffi cient  allocation  of  time  for thorough  discussion  of  each  agenda  item,  promoting  open  environment  for  debate,  and  ensuring  that  all  the Directors are able to speak freely and contribute e ff ectively.

The  CEO  (who  joined  the  Group  in  June  2022)  headed  the  Management  and  is  responsible  for  the  day-to-day management and business a ff airs of the Group since his joining. The CEO reports to the Board and is responsible for ensuring that policies and strategies adopted by the Board are implemented.

## Provision 3.3 Lead independent director

The Board has considered the Group's current business scale and operations. The Board also noted that the entire Board comprises non-executive directors and three out of its fi ve  board members are Independent Directors. All Directors  individually  and  collectively  are  available  to  shareholders  as  a  channel  of  communication  between shareholders and the Board or the Management. Given the size of the Board and that all the Board members are non-executive with a majority of the Board members independent, there is no need for a Lead Independent Director ('LID'). The Board will review the need for the appointment of a LID periodically.

## BOARD MEMBERSHIP

Principle 4: There should be a formal and transparent process for the appointment and re-appointment of directors, taking into account the need for progressive renewal of the Board.

Provisions 4.1 and 4.2 Nominating Committee

The NC comprises three members, a majority of whom are independent. The members of the NC are:

| Mr Chua Keng Woon  Chairman  Independent Director  Mr Leong Yew Meng  Member  Independent Director  Ms Aona Liu (from 18 February 2022)  Member  Non-Executive Director   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The NC has written terms of reference, under which the key functions of the NC are as follows:

- (a) review of succession plans for directors and key management personnel, in particular, the Chairman and the CEO;
- (b) develop a process for evaluation of the performance of the Board, its Board Committees and Directors, and undertake assessment of the e ff ectiveness of the Board, Board Committees and Directors, including reviewing multiple board representations of directors where applicable;
- (c) review the training and professional development programs for the Board;
- (d) recommend to the Board the appointment and re-appointment of Directors; and
- (e) assess the independence of Independent Directors.

The NC will review Board succession plans for Directors and will seek to refresh the Board membership in an orderly manner where it deems applicable.

## Provision 4.3

## Process for the selection and appointment and re-appointment of directors

The  NC  will  conduct  an  annual  review  of  the  composition  of  the  Board  in  terms  of  the  size,  mix  of  skills  and quali fi cations  and  diversity  of  Board  members.  It  may,  if  it  deems  appropriate,  recommend  the  appointment  of additional directors to strengthen the composition of the Board or as part of ongoing Board renewal process. The NC will review and identify the desired competencies for a new appointment.

Where there is a resignation or retirement of an existing director, the NC will re-evaluate the Board composition to  assess the competencies for the replacement. Once the NC has determined the desired competencies for an additional  or  replacement  director  to  complement  the  skills  and  competencies  of  the  existing  Directors,  it  will submit its recommendations to the Board for approval. Candidates are fi rst sourced through a network of contacts and identi fi ed based on the established criteria. Recommendations from the Directors and the Management are the usual source for potential candidates. Where applicable, search through external search consultants can be considered.

The NC will shortlist candidates and conduct formal interviews with each of them to assess their suitability and to verify  that  the  candidates are aware of the expectations and the level of commitment required. The sponsor will also interview the candidates for their suitability as directors. Finally, the NC will make recommendations on the appointment(s) to the Board for approval.

The Constitution  of  the  Company  requires  a  Director  appointed  by  the  Board  to  hold  o ffi ce  only  until  the  next Annual General Meeting and shall be eligible for re-election.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Corporate Governance Report

The Constitution of the Company requires one-third of the Board to retire from o ffi ce at each AGM. Accordingly, the Directors will submit themselves for re-nomination and re-election at regular intervals of at least once every three years. Mr Chua Keng Woon and Mr Leong Yew Meng will retire by rotation at the forthcoming AGM pursuant to Regulation 89 of the Constitution of the Company and will be seeking re-election.

In accordance with Catalist Rule 720(5), the information as set out in Appendix 7F on these Directors are provided together with the resolutions on their proposed re-election.

## Provision 4.4 Determining directors' independence

Each Director completes a checklist to con fi rm his  independence on an annual basis. The NC has reviewed the independence of the Directors as mentioned under Provision 2.1.

## Provision 4.5 Multiple board representations

The NC considers and it is of the view that it would not be appropriate to set a limit on the number of directorships that a Director may hold because Directors have di ff erent capabilities, and the nature of the organisations in which they hold appointments and the kind of committees on which they serve are of di ff erent complexities, and for each Director to personally determine the demands of his or her competing directorships and obligations and assess the number of directorships they could hold and serve e ff ectively.

The NC has considered other listed board representations held by the Directors to satisfy itself that the Directors give su ffi cient time and attention to the a ff airs of the Group.

## Key information on Directors

Particulars of interests of Directors, who held o ffi ce at the end of the fi nancial year, in shares in the Company and in related corporations (other than wholly-owned subsidiaries) are set out in the Directors' Statement of the Annual Report.

Other  key  information  of  each  member  of  the  Board  including  directorships  and  chairmanships  in  other  listed companies,  other  major  appointments,  and  academic/professional  quali fi cations  can  be  found  in  the  Board  of Directors' pro fi le section of the Annual Report.

## BOARD PERFORMANCE

Principle 5: The Board undertakes a formal annual assessment of its e ff ectiveness as a whole, and that of each of its board committees and individual directors.

## Provisions 5.1 and 5.2 Conduct of Board performance

The NC examines the Board's size to satisfy that it is appropriate for e ff ective decision making, taking into account the nature and scope of the Group's operations.

The  NC  has  reviewed  and  evaluated  the  performance  of  the  Board  as  a  whole,  taking  into  consideration  the attendance record at the meetings of the Board and Board Committees and also the contribution of each Director to the e ff ectiveness of the Board. Notwithstanding that some of the   Directors have multiple board representations, the NC is satis fi ed that su ffi cient time and attention are being given by the Directors to the a ff airs of the Group.

## Corporate Governance Report

This process includes having the Directors complete a performance evaluation form seeking their evaluation on various aspects of board performance, such as the Board's level of governance, e ff ective delegation to the Board Committees, leadership and accountability, which are the same performance criteria used in previous evaluation. The individual Directors also complete a self and peer assessment form. The Company Secretary compiles the Board and individual Directors' evaluation into a consolidated report. The report is discussed at the NC meeting and also shared with the entire Board.

The NC has reviewed the evaluations of the Board and individual Directors and is satis fi ed that the Board and each of the Board Committees have been e ff ective in the conduct of its duties and the Directors have each contributed to the e ff ectiveness of the Board and the Board Committees.

The individual Director is assessed on his knowledge of the Group's business and operations, business acumen, knowledge of corporate governance, contribution and engagement, communication and integrity. The Chairman will act on the results of the performance evaluation, and, in consultation with the NC, propose, where appropriate, new members to be appointed to the Board or seek the resignation of directors.

Where a Director has multiple board representations, the NC will evaluate whether or not the Director is able to carry out and has been adequately carrying out his duties as a Director of the Company. For the current year, the Board is satis fi ed that each Director has allocated su ffi cient time and resources to the a ff airs of the Company.

The Company does not use any external professional facilitator for the assessments of the Board, Board Committees and individual Directors, and will consider the use of such facilitator as and when appropriate.

## REMUNERATION MATTERS

## PROCEDURES FOR DEVELOPING REMUNERATION POLICIES

Principle  6:  The  Board  has  a  formal  and  transparent  procedure  for  developing  policies  on  director  and executive  remuneration,  and  for  fixing  the  remuneration  packages  of  individual  directors  and  key management personnel. No director is involved in deciding his or her own remuneration.

## Provisions 6.1 and 6.2 Remuneration Committee

The  RC  comprises  three  members,  all  of  whom  are  Non-Executive  and  a  majority  of  whom  are  Independent Directors, including the Chairman of the RC. The members of the RC are:

| Mr Leong Yew Meng  Chairman  Independent Director  Ms Alice Ng Bee Yee  Member  Independent Director  Mr Charles Wang Chong Guang  Member  Non-Executive Director   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The RC carried out its duties in accordance with the terms of reference which include the following among other things:

- (a) review and recommend to the Board a framework for remuneration for the Directors, CEO, COO (if applicable) and key management personnel of the Group;
- (b) review  and  recommend  Directors'  fees  for  Non-Executive  Directors  (including  Independent  Directors)  for approval at the AGM;
- (c) determine speci fi c remuneration packages for each executive director (if applicable), CEO, COO (if applicable) as well as key management personnel;

## Corporate Governance Report

- (d) review the Group's obligations arising in the event of termination of the executive directors', CEO's, COO's and key management personnel's contracts of service (if any), to ensure that such contracts of service contain fair and reasonable termination clauses which are not overly generous; and
- (e) review  the  remuneration  of  employees  who  are  immediate  family  members  of  Directors,  CEO,  COO  or substantial shareholders to ensure that the remuneration of each of such employee commensurates with his or her duties and responsibilities, and no preferential treatment is given to him or her.

## Provision 6.3 Review of remuneration

There were no Executive Directors in FY2022. There are no termination and retirement bene fi ts that may be granted to the CEO, COO or any key management personnel.

All  aspects of remuneration, including but not limited to directors' fees, salaries, allowances, bonuses and bene fi ts in-kind,  will  be  covered  by  the  RC.  Each  RC  member will  abstain  from voting on any resolution in respect of his remuneration package. The recommendations of the RC will be submitted to the Board for endorsement.

## Provision 6.4 Engagement of remuneration consultants

The RC will be provided with access to expert professional advice on remuneration matters as and when necessary. The expenses of such services shall be borne by the Company. No such consultant was engaged in FY2022.

The RC may seek expert advice on Directors' remuneration matters when necessary.

## LEVEL, MIX AND DISCLOSURE OF REMUNERATION

Principle  7:  The  level  and  structure  of  remuneration  of  the  Board  and  key  management  personnel  are appropriate and proportionate to the sustained performance and value creation of the company, taking into account the strategic objectives of the company.

## Provision 7.1

## Remuneration of executive directors and key management personnel

In setting remuneration packages, the RC will take into consideration the pay and employment conditions within the industry and in comparable companies.

There were no Executive Directors in FY2022. The CEO and COO were paid a basic salary, responsibility allowances and performance-related variable bonus pursuant to their service agreements. The GFC was paid a basic salary and performance-related variable bonus pursuant to his respective service agreement. The factors for paying the variable bonus are the Group's performance and the performance of the personnel which contributed to the Group's performance.

The Company does not have any contractual provisions in the employment contracts for the Company to reclaim incentive components of remuneration from the CEO, COO or key management personnel. The Board is of the view that as the Group pays bonuses based on the actual performance (and not on forward-looking results or targets) of the operating unit as well as the individual, 'claw-back' provisions are not relevant or appropriate.

The  RC  has  reviewed  the  remuneration  framework  of  the  key  management  personnel  to  ensure  that  their compensation aligns with the long term interest of the Group.

## Provision 7.2

## Remuneration of non-executive directors

Non-Executive  Directors  and  Independent  Directors  do  not  have  service  contracts.  Their  fee  comprises  a basic  retainer  fee  and  additional  fees  for  appointment  to  Board  Committees  in  accordance  with  their  level  of responsibilities as chairman or member of the Board Committees or other additional duties.

The RC has reviewed the fee structure for the Non-Executive Directors and Independent Directors as being re fl ective of  their  responsibilities  and  work commitments and recommends the Directors' fee for FY2022 for shareholders' approval at the AGM.

## Provision 7.3

## Appropriate remuneration to attract, retain and motivate key management personnel and directors

The Company has in place a share option scheme, namely the AsiaMedic Employee Share Option Scheme 2016. NonExecutive Directors (including Independent Directors) are also eligible for participation in the above scheme. The scheme is meant to attract, retain and motivate key management personnel and where applicable, such Directors.

## DISCLOSURE OF REMUNERATION

Principle 8: The company is transparent on its remuneration policies, level and mix of remuneration, the procedure for setting remuneration, and the relationships between remuneration, performance and value creation.

## Provision 8.1

## Remuneration report

The  performance  of  all  sta ff (including  key  management  personnel)  are  evaluated  annually.  Key  performance indicators  of  key  management  personnel  include  their  departmental  performance,  operational  e ffi ciencies  and cost controls. The overall assessment of the key management personnel as well as their remuneration package are submitted to the RC for review.

The  Company  does  not  have  any  Executive  Directors.  Non-Executive  Directors  are  paid  fees  comprising  a basic  retainer  fee  and  additional  fees  for  appointment  to  Board  Committees  in  accordance  with  their  level  of responsibilities as chairman or member of the Board Committees or other additional duties.

## Directors

The remuneration of Directors in FY2022, which comprise solely Directors' fee for all fi ve Non-Executive Directors of the Company, aggregated $169,184 for FY2022. It is not meaningful to disclose the exact fee of each Non-Executive Director.

## CEO

| Salary  Allowances  Bonus  Central  Provident  Fund  Contribution  Total  %  %  %  %  %  Below $250,000  Mr Ari  fi  n Kwek  (1)  83  5  7  5  100%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (1) Appointed on 20 June 2022.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Corporate Governance Report

The  Board  believes  that  the  information  disclosed  above  is  su ffi cient  for  shareholders  to  have  an  adequate appreciation of how the CEO is commensurated. The Group had di ffi culties  sourcing for suitable CEO and did not have a CEO for the period from March 2019 to May 2022. Given the di ffi culties in sourcing and retaining CEO, the Board believes that it is not in the interest of the Company to disclose exact details of the remuneration of the CEO taking into account the sensitive  nature  of  the  subject,  the  shortage  of  talent  pool,  the  highly  competitive talent  market  and  the  risks  of  such  disclosure  on  the  Group.  The  Company  has  presented  such  information  in remuneration band as above.

## Top fi ve key management personnel (who are not Directors or CEO)

The Group has only two key management personnel in FY2022 based on the Group's organisational structure.

| Name of key management  personnel  Salary  Allowances  Variable  Bonus  Central  Provident  Fund  Contribution  Total  %  %  %  %  %  Below $250,000  Dr Wong Kae Thong  (1)  85  -  9  6  100%  Mr Stanley Woo  87  -  7  6  100%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (1) Resigned and ceased as COO on 2 April 2022.

The aggregate remuneration of such key management personnel amounted to $373,000 for FY2022.

## Provision 8.2

## Employees related to Directors, CEO or substantial shareholders

The Group did not have any employees who are substantial shareholders of the Company, or are immediate family members of a director, the CEO or a substantial shareholder of the Company, and whose remuneration exceeds $100,000 in FY2022.

## Provision 8.3

## Employee share award and share option schemes

The Company has in place an employee share option scheme to allow the Company to have the fl exibility  and e ff ectiveness in its continuing e ff orts to reward, retain and motivate employees. No share options were issued in FY2022.

## ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

## RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS

Principle 9: The Board is responsible for the governance of risk and ensures that Management maintains a sound system of risk management and internal controls, to safeguard the interests of the company and its shareholders.

## Provision 9.1

## Risk management and internal controls system

The  Board  is  responsible  for  the  governance  of  risk  and  sets  the  tone  and  direction  for  the  Group  in  the  way risks are managed in businesses. The Board has ultimate responsibility for approving the strategy of the Group in a  manner which addresses stakeholders' expectations and does not expose the Group to an unacceptable level of  operational, fi nancial and compliance risks. The Board approves the key management policies and ensures a sound system of risk management and internal controls and monitors performance against them. In addition to determining the approach to risk governance, the Board sets and instils the right risk focused culture throughout the Group for e ff ective risk governance.

The Board has approved a Group Risk Management Framework for the identi fi cation of key risks within the business. This  Framework  de fi nes  10  categories  of  risks  pertaining  to  operational, fi nancial,  and  compliance  risks.  Major incidents and violations, if any, are reported to the Board to facilitate the Board's oversight of the e ff ectiveness of crisis management and the adequacy of mitigating measures taken by the Management to address the underlying risks.

The ARMC assists the Board in its risk oversight to ensure that a review of the e ff ectiveness of the Group's material internal  controls,  including fi nancial,  operational  and  compliance  controls  and  risk  management  systems,  is conducted annually.

## Management's responsibilities in risk management

The Management reports to the ARMC on the Group's risk pro fi le,  the  status  of  risk  mitigation  action  plans  and updates on the following areas:

-  Assessment of the Group's key risks by major business units and risk categories.
-  Identi fi cation of speci fi c risk owners who are responsible for the risks identi fi ed.
-  Description of the processes and systems in place to identify and assess risks.
-  Status and changes in action plan undertaken to manage key risks.
-  Description of the risk monitoring and escalation processes and also the control systems in place.

## Annual review of risk management and internal control systems

The  Board  with  the  assistance  of  the  ARMC  has  undertaken  an  annual  assessment  on  the  adequacy  and e ff ectiveness  of  the  Group's  risk  management  and  internal  control  systems.  The  assessment  considered  issues dealt with in reports reviewed by the ARMC and the Board during the year together with any additional information necessary to ensure that the Board has taken into account all signi fi cant aspects of risks and internal controls for FY2022.

In  order  to  obtain  assurance that the risks are managed adequately and e ff ectively,  the  Board  had  reviewed an overview of the risks which the Group is exposed to, as well as an understanding of what counter-measures and internal controls are in place to manage them.

The Management is responsible for designing, implementing and monitoring the risk management and internal control systems in accordance with the policies on risk management and internal controls.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Corporate Governance Report

## Provision 9.2

Assurances from CEO and GFC

The Board has obtained a written con fi rmation from the CEO and the GFC that:

- (a) the fi nancial records have been properly maintained and the fi nancial statements give a true and fair view of the Group's operations and fi nances; and
- (b) the risk management and internal control systems are adequate and e ff ective in addressing the operational, fi nancial, compliance, and information technology risks faced by the Group.

## Board's comment on adequacy and e ff ectiveness of internal controls and risk management systems

Based on the internal controls and risk management established and maintained by the Group, work performed by  the  internal  and  external  auditors,  whistleblowing  policy  and  reviews  performed  by  the  Management,  the Board and relevant Board Committees, the Board is of the opinion that the Group's risk management and internal control systems (comprising fi nancial, operational, compliance and information technology controls) for FY2022 are adequate and e ff ective.  The  ARMC concurs with the Board's opinion based on their reviews of audit fi ndings on internal controls and risks with the internal and external auditors, and the whistle blowing policy and procedures which are in place.

The Board notes that the system of internal  controls  and  risk  management  established  by  the  Group  provides reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that the Group will not be adversely a ff ected by any event that can be reasonably foreseen as it strives to achieve its business objectives. However, the Board also notes that no system of  internal  controls  and  risk  management can provide absolute assurance in this regard, or absolute assurance against the occurrence of material errors, poor judgment in decision-making, human error, losses, fraud or other irregularities.

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

Principle 10: The Board has an Audit Committee which discharges its duties objectively.

## Provisions 10.1 and 10.2 Audit and Risk Management Committee

The ARMC comprises three members, all of whom are Non-Executive and the majority of whom are Independent Directors. The ARMC comprises the following members:

| Ms Alice Ng Bee Yee  Chairperson  Independent Director  Mr Chua Keng Woon  Member  Independent Director  Mr Charles Wang Chong Guang (from 18 February 2022)  Member  Non-Executive Director   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The members of the ARMC have accumulatively extensive experience healthcare, accounting, corporate fi nance, business management and strategic planning. In addition to the activities undertaken to ful fi l its responsibilities, the ARMC is kept up to date by the Management, external and internal auditors on changes to fi nancial reporting and accounting standards, the SGX-ST rules and other codes and regulations which can have an impact on the Group's business and fi nancial statements.

The Board is  satis fi ed  that  the  members  of  the  ARMC  have  recent  and  relevant  accounting  or  related fi nancial management expertise or experience to discharge the ARMC's functions.

## Roles, responsibilities and authorities of ARMC

The ARMC functions under the terms of reference which set out the following among other things:

- (a) to review the audit plans of both the internal and external auditors;
- (b) to review the auditors' reports and their evaluation of the Group's system of internal controls;
- (c) to review the co-operation given by the Group's o ffi cers to the internal and external auditors;
- (d) to review the e ff ectiveness, adequacy, independence, scope and results of the external audit and the internal audit;
- (e) to review the fi nancial statements of the Group with external auditors and to receive assurance from the CEO and the CFO (or equivalent) before submission to the Board;
- (f) to review the signi fi cant fi nancial reporting issues and judgements so as to ensure the integrity of the fi nancial statements of the company and any announcements relating to the company's fi nancial performance;
- (g) to nominate and review the appointment of the internal and external auditors;
- (h) to review interested person transactions and potential con fl icts of interest; and
- (i) to review arrangements by which the sta ff of  the  Group  may, in con fi dence, raise concerns about possible improprieties in matters of fi nancial reporting.

The  ARMC  has  the  power  to  conduct  or  authorise  investigations  into  any  matter  within  the  ARMC's  scope  of responsibility.  The  ARMC  is  authorised  to  obtain  independent  professional  advice  if  it  deems  necessary  in  the discharge of its responsibilities. Such expenses are to be borne by the Company.

Each member of the ARMC shall abstain from voting on any resolutions in respect of matters he is interested in.

The ARMC has full access to and co-operation of the Management and has full discretion to invite any Director, employee or consultant to attend its meetings, and has been given reasonable resources to enable it to discharge its functions.

## Independence and quality of external auditors

The external auditors of the Group were Baker Tilly TFW LLP for FY2022. They are registered with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority and a suitable audit fi rm in accordance with Rule 712 of the Catalist Rules. A di ff erent auditor has been appointed for the Group's associated company. The name of the auditor is disclosed in the fi nancial statements. The Board and the ARMC are satis fi ed that the appointment of di ff erent auditor for the Company's associated company would not compromise the standard and e ff ectiveness of the audit of the Group, and accordingly, Rule 716 of the Catalist Rules has been complied with.

The ARMC considers the external auditors' fi ndings and where necessary sought further con fi rmation or explanation from the Management. On the key audit matters mentioned by the external auditors, the ARMC discussed with the external auditors and the Management and deemed that the list of key audit matters has been appropriately addressed and disclosed in the fi nancial statements.

The ARMC is also satis fi ed with the adequacy of the scope and quality of the audit reviews performed by the external auditors, taking into consideration the audit quality indicators of the external auditors.

The  ARMC  has  recommended  that  Baker  Tilly  TFW  LLP  be  nominated  for  reappointment  as  auditors  at  the forthcoming AGM, subject to the approval of shareholders at the AGM.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Corporate Governance Report

## Whistleblowing

The Company has in place a whistleblowing policy which is published in the employee handbook of the human resources department. The handbook clearly de fi nes the scope of the whistleblowing and sets out the procedures for  raising  concern or making a complaint and the process of investigation and dealing with the outcome of the investigation.

The ARMC is responsible for the oversight and monitoring of any whistle-blowing matters.

Sta ff are free to bring complaints to the attention of their supervisors and department heads, the human resources manager,  or  any  of  the  senior  management.  The  recipient  of  such  complaints  shall  forward  them  promptly  to the ARMC Chairperson. Sta ff also  can  choose to send the complaint directly to the ARMC Chairperson. The ARMC Chairperson will treat all information received con fi dentially and protect the identity of all whistle-blowers. Upon receipt of the whistle-blowing concern, the ARMC will carry out an initial assessment to determine if an investigation is required and the scope of the investigation followed by nominating an independent investigation team to conduct the  investigation  impartially.  Following  investigation  and  evaluation  of  a  complaint,  the  ARMC  Chairperson  shall report to the ARMC on recommended disciplinary or remedial action, if any. The action determined by the ARMC to be appropriated shall then be brought to the Board or to appropriate members of the senior management for authorization and implementation respectively.

The identity of the whistle-blower will be kept con fi dential, with disclosure on a need-to-know basis to the ARMC, the investigating team, the Board and any party to whom the identity of the whistle-blower is required to be disclosed by law.

The Company will not tolerate the harassment or victimisation of anyone reporting a genuine concern. The Company shall take disciplinary action against anyone (i) who attempts to prevent or obstruct a whistle-blowing concern from being made or an investigation from being carried out, and (ii) harass or victimise the whistle-blower or subject the whistle-blower to detrimental or unfair treatment.

The  policy  is  communicated  to  all  sta ff of  the  Group  as  part  of  the  Company's  e ff orts  to  foster  a  culture  of accountability and integrity.

## ARMC's comments on key audit matters

The ARMC also reviewed the key audit matters ('KAMs') set out in the external auditor's report for FY2022. The external auditor has identi fi ed the KAMs as (i) impairment assessment on plant and equipment, and right-of-use assets, (ii) impairment assessment on goodwill, and (iii) impairment assessment on investment in subsidiaries.

Having reviewed the appropriateness and reasonableness of the methodologies and key assumptions applied in determining the recoverable amounts of the cash-generating units and subsidiaries, the ARMC concurred with the Management's impairment assessments on plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, goodwill, and investment in subsidiaries, and accordingly concurred with the overall impairments (including reversals of impairments, where applicable) recognised for FY2022.

## Provision 10.3

## Partners or directors of the company's auditing fi rm

No former partner or director of the Company's existing auditing fi rm or auditing corporation is a member of the ARMC.

## Provision 10.4 Internal audit function

The Company outsources its internal audit function to Yang Lee &amp; Associates. The internal auditors report directly to  the  ARMC and internal control weaknesses identi fi ed during the internal audit reviews and the recommended corrective actions are reported to the ARMC periodically.

The ARMC reviews and approves the internal audit scope and plan to ensure that there is su ffi cient coverage of the Group's activities. It also oversees the implementation of the internal audit plan and ensures that the Management provides the necessary co-operation to enable the internal auditors to perform its function.

The internal auditors are guided by the International Standards for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing (IIA Standards) issued by the Institute of Internal Auditors.

The  ARMC  reviews  the  independence  and  adequacy  of  the  internal  audit  function  annually  to  ensure  that  the internal audits are performed e ff ectively. The ARMC is satis fi ed that the internal auditors are sta ff ed by quali fi ed and experienced personnel.

The internal auditors completed two reviews, including one on the sustainability reporting process, during FY2022 in accordance with the risk-aligned internal audit plan approved by the ARMC. During the review, the internal auditors have unfettered access to the relevant documents, records, properties and personnel of the Group. The fi ndings and recommendations of the internal auditors, the Management's responses, and the Management's implementation of the recommendations have been reviewed and approved by the ARMC. The ARMC is of the view that the internal audit function is independent, e ff ective and adequately resourced.

## Provision 10.5

## Meeting with external and internal auditors without presence of the Management

The ARMC meets with both the internal and external auditors without the presence of the Management at least once a year

## SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AND CONDUCT OF GENERAL MEETINGS

Principle 11: The company treats all shareholders fairly and equitably in order to enable them to exercise shareholders'  rights  and  have  the  opportunity  to  communicate  their  views  on  matters  affecting  the company. The company gives shareholders a balanced and understandable assessment of its performance, position and prospects.

## Provision 11.1

## Shareholders participation and voting at general meetings

To facilitate participation by Shareholders, all general meetings of the Company are held in Singapore. Shareholders have the opportunity to participate e ff ectively in and to vote at general meetings of Shareholders.

Shareholders are encouraged to attend the general meetings and to ensure a high level of accountability and to stay apprised of the Group's strategy and goals. Notices of the meetings are announced on the SGXNet and the Company's website.

At  the  AGM,  shareholders  are  given  the  opportunity  to  engage  the  Board  and  the  Management  on  the  Group's business activities, fi nancial performance and other business-related matters.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Corporate Governance Report

All  resolutions at the forthcoming AGM would be put to vote by poll which allow greater transparency and more equitable  participation  by  shareholders.  Voting  and  vote  tabulation  procedures  are  disclosed  at  the  general meetings. The poll results will be read out to shareholders immediately after vote tabulations. The result of the resolutions will be announced after the general meetings via SGXNet.

In FY2022, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company held AGM by electronic means as members of the Company were not allowed to attend AGM in person. The Company published the annual report for FY2021 three weeks ahead of the AGM and invited shareholders to submit their questions ahead of the AGM. The minutes of the AGM were announced on the SGXNet.

## Provision 11.2 Separate resolutions at general meetings

The Company tables separate resolutions at general meetings of shareholders on each substantially separate issue unless the issues are interdependent and linked so as to form one signi fi cant proposal. Where the resolutions are 'bundled', the Company will explain the reasons and material implications in the notice of meeting. There were no such 'bundled' resolutions for the sole general meeting of shareholders held in FY2022.

## Provision 11.3

## Attendance of directors and auditors at general meetings

All  the  Directors  attended  and  the  external  auditors  were  also  present  to  address  shareholders'  queries  about the conduct of the audit and the preparation and content of the auditors' report at the annual general meeting of shareholders held in FY2022.

## Provision 11.4 Absentia voting

The Company's Constitution allow for absentia voting at general meetings of shareholders.

The Company's Constitution allows a member (other than a relevant intermediary as de fi ned in Section 181 of the Companies Act 1967) to appoint one or two proxies to attend and vote at its general meetings. For shareholders who hold their shares through relevant intermediaries, the Companies Act 1967 allows the relevant intermediaries which include CPF agent bank nominees to appoint multiple proxies and empower CPF investors to attend and vote at general meetings of the Company as their CPF agent banks' proxies.

## Provision 11.5 Minutes of general meetings

Minutes of general meetings have been taken and will continue to be taken and published on the SGXNet as well as  the  Company's  corporate  website  at  www.asiamedic.com.sg,  within  one  month  from  the  date  of  the  general meetings.

## Provision 11.6 Dividend

The details of dividend payment to shareholders will be disclosed via the release of the announcements through SGXNet. No dividend is declared or recommended due to the performance of the Group for FY2022. The Group's cash balance will be reserved for business operational purposes. The Company does not have a policy on payment of dividend. The Board will consider the Group's level of cash and retained earnings and projected working capital requirements, capital expenditure and investments in proposing a dividend.

## ENGAGEMENT WITH SHAREHOLDERS

Principle 12: The company communicates regularly with its shareholders and facilitates the participation of shareholders during general meetings and other dialogues to allow shareholders to communicate their views on various matters a ff ecting the company.

## Provision 12.1

## Avenues for communication between the Board and shareholders

In line with the continuous obligations of the Company pursuant to the Catalist Rules, the Board's policy is that all shareholders be informed of all major developments that impact the Group.

The  AGM  is  the  principal  forums  for  dialogue  and  interaction  and  exchange  of  views  among  the  Directors, Management and shareholders. The Group also maintains a   website at asiamedic.com.sg at which shareholders can access information on the Group. The website provides, inter alia, corporate announcements, press releases and pro fi les of the Group.

Information is disseminated to shareholders on a timely basis through:

- (a) SGXNet announcements and news releases;
- (b) Annual Reports issued to all shareholders;
- (c) press releases on major developments of the Group;
- (d) notices of and explanatory notes for the AGMs and extraordinary general meetings ('EGMs'); and
- (e) the Company's website at www.asiamedic.com.sg, where shareholders can access information on the Group.

In  accordance with the Catalist Rules of the SGX-ST, the Company does not practise selective disclosure and price sensitive information is publicly released on an immediate basis where required under the Listing Rules.

## Provisions 12.2 and 12.3 Investor relations

The  Company  has  in  place  an  investor  relations  policy  which  sets  out  the  mechanisms  through  which  (a) shareholders  and  investors  may  contact  the  Company;  and  (b)  the  Company  may  respond  to  such  questions and feedback. In line with the continuous disclosure obligations under the Catalist Rules, the Company promptly announces  all  matters  which  may  have  material  impact  of  the  Group  through  SGXNet.  The  Company  also communicates with its shareholders and investors via its online investor relations site within its corporate website at www.asiamedic.com.sg where it updates shareholders and investors on the latest news and business developments of the Group.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Corporate Governance Report

## ENGAGEMENT WITH STAKEHOLDERS

Principle 13: The Board adopts an inclusive approach by considering and balancing the needs and interests of material stakeholders, as part of its overall responsibility to ensure that the best interests of the company are served.

Provisions 13.1 and 13.2 Engage with its material stakeholder groups

The  Group's  material  stakeholders  are  its  shareholders,  customers,  employees,  regulator  and  suppliers.  The engagement with them is set out in the Sustainability Report to be published before 30 April 2023.

## Provision 13.3

Corporate website to communicate and engage with stakeholders.

The Group maintains a corporate website at www.asiamedic.com.sg at which stakeholders can access information on the Group. The website provides, inter alia, corporate announcements, press releases and pro fi les of the Group. The Company has an online investor relations site within its corporate website as an outreach to shareholders and all other stakeholders.

## DEALINGS IN SECURITIES

In  line  with  Rule  1204(19)  of  the  Catalist  Rules,  the  Company  does  not  deal  in  its  own  shares  one  month before the  announcement  of  the  Group's  half-year  and  year-end fi nancial  statements.  The  Company  issues  circulars to  its  Directors  and  sta ff to  remind  them  that  (i)  they  should  not  deal  in  shares  of  the  Company  on  short-term considerations or if they are in possession of unpublished material price-sensitive information; and (ii) they are required to report on their dealings in shares of the Company. The Directors and sta ff are  also  reminded of the prohibition in dealing in shares of the Company one month before the announcement of the Group's half-year and year-end fi nancial statements. The restriction in dealings in securities is also extended to directors, employees and sta ff of the subsidiary companies.

## INTERESTED PERSON TRANSACTIONS

Note (1) - All transactions were less than $100,000.

| Name of interested  person  Nature of relationship  Aggregate value of  all interested person  transactions during the  fi  nancial year under review  (excluding transactions  less than $100,000 and  transactions conducted  under shareholders'  mandate pursuant to  Rule 920)  Aggregate value of  all interested person  transactions conducted  under shareholders'  mandate pursuant to Rule  920 (excluding transactions  less than $100,000)  OncoCare Medical  Pte. Ltd.  (fka Brookline Medical  Pte. Ltd)  Associate of controlling  shareholder  -  (1)  -  (1)  (Provision of imaging services  under the general mandate)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## USE OF PROCEEDS FROM RIGHTS ISSUE

The Company issued 729,034,145 new ordinary shares on 14 January 2020 in connection with its Rights Issue. The net proceeds have been utilised as follows:

| Use of Net Proceeds  Allocation of Net  Proceeds  Amount utilised as  at the date of the  Announcements  (3)  Balance  $'000  $'000  $'000  Reducing indebtedness of the Group  (1)  5,000  5,000  -  For  general  corporate  and  working  capital  purposes  including  but  not  limited  to  operating  costs,  capital  expenditure  and  making  strategic  investments  and/or  acquisitions if opportunities arise  3,523  803  (2)  2,720  Total  8,523  5,803  2,720   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

- (1) Reducing indebtedness of the Group in relation to the O ff setting  Arrangement (as  de fi ned  in  the  Company's  circular  to shareholders dated 14 November 2019). Under the O ff setting Arrangement, the Company and Luye Medical Group Pte Ltd (the 'Undertaking Shareholder') have mutually agreed that the subscription monies due from the Undertaking Shareholder to  the  Company for the subscription by the Undertaking Shareholder of 381,725,584 rights shares and 34,941,082 excess rights shares will be o ff set entirely against the aggregate outstanding loan amount owing by the Company to the Undertaking Shareholder of S$5 million.
- (2) Relates to capital expenditure including, but not limited to, purchase of new and upgrading of existing medical equipment and facilities.
- (3) The Company's updates on the use of proceeds from the Rights Issue dated 21 February 2020, 31 May 2022, 29 July 2022, 12 August 2022, 18 November 2022, and 1 March 2023.

## MATERIAL CONTRACTS

There were no material contracts entered into by the Company or any of its subsidiary companies involving the interest of the Directors or a controlling shareholder.

## NON-SPONSOR FEE

No non-sponsor fee was paid for FY2022.

## AUDIT FEE

The audit fee for FY2022 was $135,000. There was no non-audit fee.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Directors' Statement

The  directors  hereby  present  their  statement  to  the  members  together  with  the  audited  consolidated fi nancial statements of AsiaMedic Limited (the 'Company') and its subsidiaries (collectively, the 'Group') for the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022 and the balance sheet and statement of changes in equity of the Company for the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022.

## 1. Opinion of the directors

In the opinion of the directors,

- (i) The consolidated fi nancial statements of the Group and the balance sheet and statement of changes in equity of the Company as set up on pages 43 to 92 are properly drawn up so as to give a true and fair view of the fi nancial position of the Group and of the Company as at 31 December 2022 and the fi nancial performance, cash fl ows and changes in equity of the Group and the changes in equity of the Company for the year then ended in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 1967 (the 'Act') and Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) ('SFRS(I)'); and
- (ii) at the date of this statement there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they fall due.

## 2. Directors

The directors of the Company in o ffi ce at the date of this statement are:

Charles Wang Chong Guang

Non-Executive Chairman

Aona Liu

Non-Executive Director (Appointed on 11 February 2022)

Alice Ng Bee Yee

Independent Director

Chua Keng Woon

Independent Director

Leong Yew Meng

Independent Director

## 3. Arrangements to enable directors to acquire shares and debentures

Neither at the end of nor at any time during the fi nancial year was the Company a party to any arrangement whose objects are, or one of whose objects is, to enable the directors of the Company to acquire bene fi ts by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate, other than share options as disclosed in this statement.

## 4. Directors' interests in shares and debentures

According to the register of directors' shareholdings kept by the Company under section 164 of the Act, the directors of the Company who held o ffi ce  at  the  end  of  the fi nancial year had no interests in the shares or debentures of the Company and its related corporations, except as follows:

## Number of ordinary shares

Shareholdings in which a director is deemed to have an interest

At date of appointment

512,098,062*

## The Company

Aona Liu

At 31 December 2022

512,098,062*

* This relates to the deemed interest in ordinary shares of the Company held by Luye Medical Group Pte. Ltd., who owns 45.74% equity interest of the Company.

There was no change in interests between the end of fi nancial year and 21 January 2023.

## 5. AsiaMedic Employee Share Option Scheme

At  an  extraordinary  general  meeting  held  on  19  January  2016,  shareholders  approved  the  'AsiaMedic Employee Share Option Scheme 2016' for the granting of non-transferable options that are settled by physical delivery of the ordinary shares of the Company, to eligible employees, directors and consultant radiologists.

The scheme is administered by the Remuneration Committee.

The options that are granted under the scheme may have exercise prices that are set at the market price or at a discount to the market price (subject to a maximum discount of 20%). Options which are fi xed at the market price may be exercised after the fi rst  anniversary of the date of grant while options exercisable at a discount to the market price may only be exercised after the second anniversary from the date of grant. Options granted under the scheme will have a life span of up to 10 years. Options are forfeited/lapsed if the grantee leaves the Group or if the performance targets are not met.

No share options under the scheme were granted during the current and previous fi nancial year.

| Date of grant  Balance at  1 January  2022  Aggregate  options  lapsed/  forfeited  during the  fi  nancial year  Balance at  31 December  2022  Exercise  price  Discount to  prevailing  market price  15 June 2016  1,171,935  352,258  819,677  $0.050  (1)  11.1%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note (1): The exercise price at the date of grant was $0.056. The adjusted exercise price as a result of the Rights Issue in 2020 is $0.050.

The exercisable period for the share options is 16 June 2018 to 14 June 2026. Particulars of employee share options scheme granted in 2016 were set out in the Directors' statement for the fi nancial  year  ended  31 December 2016.

No director of the Company participated in the scheme as of 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021.

Since the commencement of the scheme till the end of the fi nancial year:

-  No options have been granted to the controlling shareholders of the Company and their associates (as de fi ned in the Listing Manual (Section B: Rules of Catalist) of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited).
-  No grantee has received 5% or more of the total options available under the scheme.
-  No options that entitle the holder to participate, by virtue of the options, in any share issue of any other corporations have been granted.







## Directors' Statement

## Directors' Statement

## 6. Audit and Risk Management Committee

The members of the Audit and Risk Management Committee ('ARMC') during the year and at the date of this statement are:

Alice Ng Bee Yee Chua Keng Woon Charles Wang Chong Guang (appointed on 18 February 2022)

(Chairperson) (Member) (Member)

The ARMC carried out its functions in accordance with section 201B (5) of the Act, including the following:

-  Reviewed the audit plans of the internal and external auditors of the Group and the Company and reviewed  the  internal  auditor's  evaluation  of  the  adequacy  of  the  Company's  system  of  internal accounting controls and the assistance given by the Group and the Company's management to the external and internal auditors.
-  Reviewed the half yearly and annual results announcement and the independent auditor's report on the annual fi nancial statements of the Group and the Company and to receive assurance from the Chief Executive O ffi cer,  and  the  Group Financial Controller before their submission to the Board of Directors.
-  Reviewed e ff ectiveness of the Group and the Company's material internal controls, including fi nancial, operational  and  compliance  controls  and  risk  management  via  reviews  carried  out  by  the  internal auditor.
-  Met with the internal and external auditor, other committees, and management in separate executive sessions to discuss any matters that these groups believe should be discussed privately with the ARMC.
-  Reviewed legal and regulatory matters that may have a material impact on the fi nancial statements, related compliance policies and programmes and any reports received from regulators.
-  Reviewed the cost e ff ectiveness and the independence and objectivity of the external auditor.
-  Reviewed the nature and extent of non-audit services provided by the external auditor.
-  Recommended  to  the  Board  of  Directors  the  external  auditor  to  be  nominated,  approved  the compensation of the external auditor, and reviewed the scope and results of the audit.
-  Reported actions and minutes of the ARMC to the Board of Directors with such recommendations as the ARMC considered appropriate.
-  Reviewed interested person transactions in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Manual (Section B: Rules of Catalist) of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited.

The ARMC, having reviewed all non-audit services provided by the external auditor to the Group (if applicable), is  satis fi ed that the nature and extent of such services would not a ff ect  the  independence of the external auditor.

The ARMC convened two meetings during the year with full attendance from all members.

The  ARMC  has  also  met  with  internal  and  external  auditors,  without  the  presence  of  the  Company's management, at least once a year.

Further details regarding the ARMC are disclosed in the Corporate Governance Report.





















## 7. Independent auditor

The independent auditor, Baker Tilly TFW LLP, has expressed its willingness to accept re-appointment.

On behalf of the board of Directors:

Charles Wang Chong Guang Director

Singapore

5 April 2023

Alice Ng Bee Yee Director

## Directors' Statement

## Independent Auditor's Report To the Members of Asiamedic Limited

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Report on the audit of the fi nancial statements

## Opinion

We have audited the accompanying fi nancial statements of AsiaMedic Limited (the 'Company') and its subsidiaries (collectively,  the  'Group')  as  set  out  on  pages  43  to  92,  which  comprise  the  balance  sheet  of  the  Group  and  the Company  as  at  31  December  2022,  and  the  consolidated  statement  of  comprehensive  income,  statement  of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash fl ows of the Group and the statement of changes in equity of the Company for the year then ended, and notes to the fi nancial statements, including a summary of signi fi cant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated fi nancial statements of the Group and balance sheet and statement of  changes in equity of the Company are properly drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 1967 (the 'Act') and Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) ('SFRS(I)') so as to give a true and fair  view  of  the  consolidated fi nancial position of the Group and the fi nancial position of the Company as at 31 December 2022 and of the consolidated fi nancial performance, consolidated changes in equity and consolidated cash fl ows of the Group and changes in equity of the Company for the year ended on that date.

## Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Singapore Standards on Auditing ('SSAs'). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of  our  report.  We  are  independent  of  the  Group  in  accordance  with  the  Accounting  and  Corporate  Regulatory Authority ('ACRA') Code of Professional Conduct and Ethics for Public Accountants and Accounting Entities ('ACRA Code') together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the fi nancial statements in Singapore, and we have ful fi lled  our  other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ACRA Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is su ffi cient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most signi fi cance in our audit of the fi nancial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the fi nancial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

## Impairment assessment on plant and equipment and right-of-use assets

## Description of key audit matter

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group  has  plant  and  equipment  and  right-of-use  assets  with  carrying  amount  of $1,468,115 and $6,529,595 respectively. As disclosed in Notes 10 and 28 to the fi nancial statements, management has  performed  assessment  whenever  there  are  impairment  indicators  of  the  Group's  cash  generating  units ('CGUs') and where applicable, assessed the recoverable amounts of the nonfi nancial assets and determine if any additional impairment loss should be recognised or reversed. The respective recoverable amounts of these CGUs are computed based on their values in use ('VIU') derived from management's cash fl ow projections.

Following management's impairment assessment, a net reversal of impairment charge amounting to $200,958 and $1,302,344 was recorded to write back the impairment loss allowance on carrying amount of plant and equipment and right-of-use assets respectively.

Management determined the recoverable amount of the plant and equipment and right-of-use assets based on their VIU, considering their respective appropriate revenue growth rates and discount rates.

Management's  identification  of  impairment  indicators  and  assessment  of  the  recoverable  amounts  for  the aforementioned CGUs are signi fi cant  to  our  audit  due  to  the  magnitude  of  the  carrying  amounts  of  the  assets being tested for impairment and the signi fi cant management judgments involved in the key assumptions used in determination of the CGUs' recoverable amounts. Accordingly, we have identi fi ed this as a key audit matter.

## Key Audit Matters (cont'd)

## Impairment assessment on plant and equipment and right-of-use assets (cont'd)

Description of key audit matter (cont'd)

The signi fi cant estimates and judgement applied in the impairment assessment of plant and equipment and rightof-use  assets  and  disclosures  for  key  assumptions  used  are  included  in  Notes  3(b),  10  and  28  to  the fi nancial statements respectively.

Our procedures to address the key audit matter

We obtained an understanding of management's impairment assessment process.

Our audit procedures included, amongst others, reviewing management's assessment of impairment indicators for the Group's plant and equipment and right-of-use assets. We made inquiries with management on their assessment for  the  CGUs,  assessed  the  reasonableness  of  management's  key  assumptions  used  such  as  discount  rate  and revenue growth rate against  historical  and  expected  future fi nancial  performances.  Additionally,  we  performed sensitivity  test  on  certain  key  assumptions  to  evaluate  the  sensitivity  of  the  outcomes,  taking  into  account  the downside scenarios against reasonably plausible changes to the key assumptions. Our internal valuation specialist assisted  us  in  evaluating  the  reasonableness  of  management's  discount  rates.  We  reviewed  management's allocation of reversal of impairment loss to the underlying assets of the CGUs. We also assessed the adequacy and appropriateness of the disclosures concerning those key assumptions in the fi nancial statements.

## Impairment assessment on goodwill

## Description of key audit matter

As at 31 December 2022, the Group has goodwill with carrying amount of $Nil. Goodwill has been allocated to a cash-generating  unit  ('CGU')  as  disclosed  in  Note  13  to  the fi nancial  statements.  Management  has  performed impairment assessment to determine the recoverable amount of the CGU based on its value in use. As a result, the Group has recognised an impairment loss of $523,864 to the pro fi t or loss.

Impairment assessment of goodwill is considered a key audit matter as the computation of value in use involves estimations and assumptions to be made by management. The key estimations relate to forecast revenue growth rates and discount rate applied to future cash fl ow projections. Details are disclosed in Note 3(b) and Note 13 to the fi nancial statements.

Our procedures to address the key audit matter

We obtained an understanding of management's impairment assessment process.

We assessed the key estimates applied and management's consideration of the current business conditions in the value in use calculations by comparing the cash fl ow projections to historical data, fi nancial budgets approved by the board and external data such as growth rate in the industry. We compared current year actual results to prior year  forecast  where  relevant,  to  assess  the  reasonableness  and  reliability  of  management  estimations.  We  also discussed with management to obtain an understanding of the business environment to corroborate our testing of  the  reasonableness of the data used by management. We assessed the sensitivity of the key estimates on the impairment assessment based on reasonably possible changes in the key estimates. Our internal valuation specialist assisted us in evaluating the reasonableness of management's discount rates. We also assessed the adequacy and appropriateness of the disclosures made in the fi nancial statements.

## Independent Auditor's Report To the Members of Asiamedic Limited

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Independent Auditor's Report To the Members of Asiamedic Limited

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Key Audit Matters (cont'd)

## Impairment assessment on investment in subsidiaries - Company level

## Description of key audit matter

As at 31 December 2022, the Company has investment in subsidiaries with carrying amount of $7,703,247. During the fi nancial year, the Company recognised a reversal of impairment loss of $5,500,000 in the cost of investment in a subsidiary.

We consider this to be a key audit matter because the estimation of the recoverable amount is highly subjective and involves signi fi cant management's judgement and estimation uncertainty in the key assumptions used in the projection of future cash fl ows.

Management assessed the recoverable amount of its investment in subsidiaries based on value in use ('VIU') of the  investment  in  subsidiaries.  The  determination  of  VIU  of  the  investment  was  based  on  the  discounted  cash fl ow ('DCF') method. The use of the DCF involves signi fi cant judgement for the key assumptions in the forecasted revenue growth rate and discount rate.

The signi fi cant estimates and judgement applied in the impairment assessment of investment in subsidiaries and disclosures for key assumptions used are included in Notes 3(b) and 11 to the fi nancial statements respectively.

Our procedures to address key audit matter

We obtained an understanding of management's impairment assessment process.

Our  audit  procedures  included,  amongst  others,  reviewing  management's  assessment  of  determination  of recoverable  amounts  of  the  investment  in  subsidiaries.  We  assessed  the  reasonableness  of  management's  key assumptions used such as discount rate and revenue growth rate against historical and expected future fi nancial performances. Additionally, we performed sensitivity test on certain key assumptions to evaluate the sensitivity of  the  outcomes,  taking  into  account  the  downside  scenarios  against  reasonably  plausible  changes  to  the  key assumptions.  Our  internal  valuation  specialist  assisted  us  in  evaluating  the  reasonableness  of  management's discount  rates.  We  also  assessed  the  adequacy  and  appropriateness  of  the  disclosures  made  in  the fi nancial statements.

## Other Matter

The fi nancial  statements  of  AsiaMedic  Limited  for  the fi nancial  year  ended  31  December  2021  were  audited  by another auditor who expressed an unmodi fi ed opinion on those fi nancial statements on 31 March 2022.

## Other Information

Management is responsible for other information. The other information comprises the information included in the 2022 annual report but does not include the fi nancial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the fi nancial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In  connection with our audit of the fi nancial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in  doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the fi nancial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## Independent Auditor's Report To the Members of Asiamedic Limited

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Responsibilities of Management and Directors for the Financial Statements

Management is responsible for the preparation of fi nancial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with  the  provisions  of  the  Act  and  SFRS(I),  and  for  devising  and  maintaining  a  system  of  internal  accounting controls su ffi cient  to  provide  a  reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorised use or disposition; and transactions are properly authorised and that they are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of true and fair fi nancial statements and to maintain accountability of assets.

In  preparing the fi nancial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors' responsibilities include overseeing the Group's fi nancial reporting process.

## Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the fi nancial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to in fl uence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these fi nancial statements.

As  part  of  an  audit  in  accordance  with  SSAs,  we  exercise  professional  judgement  and  maintain  professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

-  Identify  and  assess  the  risks  of  material  misstatement  of  the fi nancial  statements,  whether  due  to  fraud or  error,  design  and  perform  audit  procedures  responsive  to  those  risks,  and  obtain  audit  evidence that  is  su ffi cient  and  appropriate  to  provide  a  basis  for  our  opinion.  The  risk  of  not  detecting  a  material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
-  Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the e ff ectiveness of the Group's internal control.
-  Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
-  Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast signi fi cant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the fi nancial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
-  Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the fi nancial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the fi nancial  statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
-  Obtain su ffi cient  appropriate audit evidence regarding the fi nancial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated fi nancial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

## Independent Auditor's Report To the Members of Asiamedic Limited

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements (cont'd)

We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and signi fi cant audit fi ndings, including any signi fi cant de fi ciencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most signi fi cance in the audit of the fi nancial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest bene fi ts  of  such communication.

## Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements

In  our  opinion,  the  accounting  and  other  records  required  by  the  Act  to  be  kept  by  the  Company  and  by  those subsidiary  corporations  incorporated  in  Singapore  of  which  we  are  the  auditors  have  been  properly  kept  in accordance with the provisions of the Act.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Chan Sek Wai.

Baker Tilly TFW LLP Public Accountants and Chartered Accountants Singapore

5 April 2023

## Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

| Group  Note  2022  2021  $  $  Revenue  4  18,882,431  18,255,133  Other income  5  431,524  869,030  Items of expense  Consumables expenses  (1,494,347)  (1,322,823)  Personnel expenses  27  (9,956,529)  (9,925,778)  Depreciation of non-current assets  - plant and equipment  10  (265,195)  (375,769))  - right-of-use assets  28  (780,087)  (892,151)  Operating lease expenses - short-term  28  (142,495)  (137,917)  Maintenance expenses  (1,019,628)  (954,684)  Laboratory and consultancy fees  (2,308,497)  (2,045,110)  Finance costs  6  (241,740)  (145,874)  Other operating expenses  (2,382,726)  (2,109,083)  Reversal of impairment loss/(impairment loss) of non-current assets, net  7  979,438  (857,048)  Share of results of associate, net of tax  12  483,874  357,105  Pro  fi  t before tax  7  2,186,023  715,031  Income tax expense  8  -  -  Pro  fi  t for the year, representing total comprehensive income for the  year,  attributable to owners of the Company  2,186,023  715,031  Earnings per share (cent per share)  Basic  9  0.20  0.06  Diluted  9  0.20  0.06   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the fi nancial statements.

## Balance Sheets

As at 31 December 2022

| Note  Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  Non-current assets  Plant and equipment  10  1,468,115  557,098  123,063  19,996  Investment in subsidiaries  11  -  -  7,703,247  2,203,247  Investment in associate  12  2,190,185  1,991,995  181,500  181,500  Right-of-use assets  28  6,529,595  3,659,274  6,529,595  3,659,274  Goodwill  13  -  523,864  -  -  10,187,895  6,732,231  14,537,405  6,064,017  Current assets  Inventories  14  259,634  253,281  -  -  Trade receivables  15  3,013,657  2,100,354  37,613  -  Other receivables and deposits  16  448,613  617,473  690,320  708,882  Prepayments  288,266  194,741  59,433  38,423  Other  fi  nancial assets  17  1,980,560  -  1,480,560  -  Cash pledged as security  18  911,520  818,100  -  -  Cash and cash equivalents  19  6,642,404  9,473,762  3,107,097  5,832,792  13,544,654  13,457,711  5,375,023  6,580,097  Current liabilities  Trade payables  20  1,475,332  1,106,954  -  -  Other payables and accruals  21  1,863,572  1,961,667  1,241,816  1,716,369  Contract liabilities  23  993,574  1,179,464  -  -  Lease liabilities - current  28  941,377  1,202,070  941,377  1,202,070  5,273,855  5,450,155  2,183,193  2,918,439  Net current assets  8,270,799  8,007,556  3,191,830  3,661,658  Non-current liabilities  Provision for reinstatement  22  1,118,392  1,115,662  479,000  479,000  Lease liabilities - non-current  28  6,376,562  4,846,408  6,376,562  4,846,408  Deferred tax liabilities  8  22,568  22,568  -  -  7,517,522  5,984,638  6,855,562  5,325,408  Net assets  10,941,172  8,755,149  10,873,673  4,400,267  Equity attributable to owners of the  Company  Share capital  24  33,284,437  33,284,437  33,284,437  33,284,437  Treasury shares  25  (2,866)  (2,866)  (2,866)  (2,866)  Other reserves  26  (562,921)  (562,921)  97,812  97,812  Accumulated losses  (21,777,478)  (23,963,501)  (22,505,710)  (28,979,116)  Total equity  10,941,172  8,755,149  10,873,673  4,400,267   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the fi nancial statements.

## Statements of Changes in Equity

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

| Attributable to owners of the Company  Share Capital  (Note 24)  Other  Reserves  (Note 26)  Treasury  shares  (Note 25)  Accumulated  losses  Total share  capital and  reserves  ## Group  $  $  $  $  $  Balance at 1 January 2021  33,284,437  (562,921)  (2,866)  (24,678,532)  8,040,118  Pro fi t for the year, representing total comprehensive income for the year  -  -  -  715,031  715,031  Balance at 31 December 2021  33,284,437  (562,921)  (2,866)  (23,963,501)  8,755,149  Pro fi t for the year, representing total comprehensive income for the year  -  -  -  2,186,023  2,186,023  ## Balance at 31 December 2022  33,284,437  (562,921)  (2,866)  (21,777,478)  10,941,172  Share Capital  (Note 24)  Other  Reserves  (Note 26)  Treasury  shares  (Note 25)  Accumulated  losses  Total share  capital and  reserves  ## Company  $  $  $  $  $  Balance at 1 January 2021 Loss for the year, representing total comprehensive loss for the year  33,284,437  97,812  (2,866)  (28,719,868)  4,659,515  -  -  -  (259,248)  (259,248)  Balance at 31 December 2021  33,284,437  97,812  (2,866)  (28,979,116)  4,400,267  Pro fi t for the year, representing total comprehensive income for the year  -  -  -  6,473,406  6,473,406  Balance at 31 December 2022  33,284,437  97,812  (2,866)  (22,505,710)  10,873,673   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

| Group  Note  2022  2021  (Re-presented)  $  $  Cash  fl  ows from operating activities  Pro  fi  t before tax  2,186,023  715,031  Adjustments:  Depreciation of plant and equipment  10  265,195  375,769  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  28  780,087  892,151  (Reversal of impairment loss)/impairment loss on plant and equipment  10  (200,958)  97,783  (Reversal of impairment loss)/impairment on right-of-use assets  28  (1,302,344)  759,265  Impairment loss on goodwill  13  523,864  -  Provision on reinstatement  -  197,000  Bad debt written o  ff  19,013  -  Plant and equipment written o  ff  10  29,750  4,168  Finance costs  6  241,740  145,874  Interest income  5  (40,471)  (22,234)  Share of results of associate, net of tax  (483,874)  (357,105)  Operating cash  fl  ows before changes in working capital  2,018,025  2,807,702  Changes in operating assets and liabilities:  - Inventories  (6,353)  16,130  - Trade receivables, other receivables and deposits, and prepayments  (856,981)  294,376  - Trade and other payables  264,555  495,901  - Contract liabilities  (185,890)  (177,617)  Net cash  fl  ows from operating activities  1,233,356  3,436,492  Cash  fl  ows from investing activities  Interest received  40,471  22,234  Dividend received from associate  285,684  298,166  Investment in credit-linked notes  17  (1,980,560)  -  Purchase of plant and equipment  10  (999,276)  (378,570)  Net cash  fl  ows used in investing activities  (2,653,681)  (58,170)  Cash  fl  ows from  fi  nancing activities  Increase in cash pledged as security  (93,420)  -  Interest paid  28  (239,010)  (143,192)  Payment of principal portion of lease liabilities  28  (1,078,603)  (1,418,397)  Net cash  fl  ows used in  fi  nancing activities  (1,411,033)  (1,561,589)  Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents  (2,831,358)  1,816,733  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the  fi  nancial year  9,473,762  7,657,029  Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December  19  6,642,404  9,473,762   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the fi nancial statements.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

These  notes  from  an  integrated  part  of  and  should  be  read  in  conjunction  with  the  accompanying fi nancial statements.

## 1. Corporate information

AsiaMedic Limited (the 'Company') is a limited liability company incorporated and domiciled in Singapore and is listed on the Catalist of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited.

The registered o ffi ce and principal place of business of the Company is located at 350 Orchard Road, #08-00 Shaw House, Singapore 238868.

The  principal  activities  of  the  Company  are  those  relating  to  investment  holding  and  the  provision  of management services. The principal activities of the subsidiaries and associate are set out in Notes 11 and 12 to the fi nancial statements.

## 2. Summary of signi fi cant accounting policies

## a) Basis of preparation

The fi nancial  statements  are  presented  in  Singapore  dollar  ($),  which  is  the  Company's  functional currency and all fi nancial information presented in Singapore dollar. The fi nancial statements have been prepared in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 1967 and Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) ('SFRS(I)'). The fi nancial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention except as disclosed in the accounting policies below.

The preparation of fi nancial statements in conformity with SFRS(I) requires the use of estimates and assumption that a ff ect  the  reported  amounts  of  assets  and  liabilities  and  disclosure  of  contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the fi nancial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the fi nancial year. Although these estimates are based on management's best knowledge of current events and actions and historical experiences and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, actual results may ultimately di ff er  from those estimates.

The Company's separate fi nancial statements have been prepared on the same basis, and as permitted by the Act, the Company's separate statement of comprehensive income is not presented.

Use of estimates and judgements

The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision a ff ects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision a ff ects both current and future periods.

The  areas  involving  a  higher  degree  of  judgement  in  applying  accounting  policies,  or  areas  where assumptions and estimates have a signi fi cant risk of resulting in material adjustment within the next fi nancial year are disclosed in Note 3.

The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, trade and other current receivables and payables (other than lease liabilities) approximate their respective fair values due to the relatively short-term maturity of these fi nancial instruments.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Summary of signi fi cant accounting policies (cont'd)

## a) Basis of preparation (cont'd)

New and revised standards that are adopted

In  the  current fi nancial  year,  the  Group  has  adopted  all  the  new  and  revised  SFRS(I)  and  SFRS(I) Interpretations ('SFRS(I) INT') that are relevant to its operations and e ff ective for the current fi nancial year. Changes to the Group's accounting policies have been made as required, in accordance with the transitional provisions in the respective SFRS(I) and SFRS(I) INT.

The adoption of these new and revised SFRS(I) and SFRS(I) INT did not have any material e ff ect on the fi nancial performance or position of the Group and the Company.

New and revised standards not yet e ff ective

New standards, amendments to standards and interpretations that have been issued at the balance sheet date but are not yet e ff ective  for  the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022 have not been applied in preparing these fi nancial statements. None of these are expected to have a signi fi cant e ff ect on the fi nancial statements of the Group and the Company.

## b) Basis of consolidation

The  consolidated fi nancial  statements  comprise  the fi nancial  statements  of  the  Company  and  its subsidiaries as at the end of the reporting period. The fi nancial statements of the subsidiaries used in the preparation of the consolidated fi nancial statements are prepared for the same reporting date as the Company. Consistent accounting policies are applied to like transactions and events in similar circumstances.

All  intra-group balances, income and expenses and unrealised gains and losses resulting from intragroup transactions and dividends are eliminated in full.

Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date of acquisition, being the date on which the Group obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.

Losses within a subsidiary are attributed to the non-controlling interest even if that results in a de fi cit balance.

## c) Business combinations and goodwill

Business  combinations  are  accounted  for  by  applying  the  acquisition  method.  Identi fi able  assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. Acquisition-related costs are recognised as expenses in the periods in which the costs are incurred, and the services are received.

Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer will be recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. Subsequent changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration which is deemed to be an asset or liability, will be recognised in pro fi t or loss.

Non-controlling interest in the acquiree, that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the acquiree are recognised on the acquisition date at either fair value, or the non-controlling interest's proportionate share of the acquiree's identi fi able net assets.

## 2. Summary of signi fi cant accounting policies (cont'd)

## c) Business combinations and goodwill (cont'd)

Any excess of the sum of the fair value of the consideration transferred in the business combination, the  amount  of  non-controlling  interest  in  the  acquiree  (if  any),  and  the  fair  value  of  the  Group's previously  held  equity  interest  in  the  acquiree  (if  any),  over  the  net  fair  value  of  the  acquiree's identi fi able assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. In instances where the latter amount exceeds the former, the excess is recognised as gain on bargain purchase in pro fi t  or  loss  on  the  acquisition date.

Goodwill is initially measured at cost. Following initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses.

For  the  purpose  of  impairment  testing,  goodwill  acquired  in  a  business  combination  is,  from  the acquisition date, allocated to the Group's cash-generating units that are expected to bene fi t  from the synergies of the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the acquiree are assigned to those units.

The cash-generating units to which goodwill have been allocated is tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an indication that the cash-generating unit may be impaired. Impairment is determined for goodwill by assessing the recoverable amount of each cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which the goodwill relates.

On  disposal  of  a  subsidiary  or  associate,  the  attributable  amount  of  goodwill  is  included  in  the determination of the pro fi t or loss on disposal.

## d) Foreign currency

## (a) Functional and presentation currency

Items included in the fi nancial statements of each entity in the Group are measured using the currency of the primary economic environment in which that entity operates (the 'functional currency'). The fi nancial statements of the Group and the Company are presented in Singapore dollar, which is the Company's functional currency.

## (b) Transactions and balances

Transactions in a currency other than the functional currency ('foreign currency') are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Currency translation gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in pro fi t or loss.

Non-monetary  items  measured  at  fair  values  in  foreign  currencies  are  translated  using  the exchange rates at the date when the fair values are determined.

## e) Plant and equipment

All  items  of  plant  and  equipment are initially recorded at cost. Subsequent to recognition, plant and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.

The cost of plant and equipment initially recognised includes its purchase price and any cost that is directly attributable to bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Summary of signi fi cant accounting policies (cont'd)

## e) Plant and equipment (cont'd)

Depreciation  is  computed  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  estimated  useful  lives  of  the  assets  as follows:

Leasehold improvements Furniture, fi ttings, fi xtures and o ffi ce equipment Medical equipment Reinstatement assets

6 years

3 to 6 years

3 to 10 years

6 years

Dismantlement, removal or restoration costs are included as part of the cost of plant and equipment if the obligation for dismantlement, removal or restoration is incurred as a consequence of acquiring or using the asset.

The carrying values of plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.

The residual value, useful life and depreciation method are reviewed at each fi nancial year-end, and adjusted prospectively, if appropriate.

An item of plant and equipment is de-recognised upon disposal or when no future economic bene fi ts are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising on de-recognition of the asset is included in pro fi t or loss in the year the asset is de-recognised.

Fully depreciated assets are retained in the fi nancial statements until they are no longer in use.

## f) Impairment of nonfi nancial assets

The  Group  assesses  at  each  reporting  date  whether  there  is  an  indication  that  an  asset  may  be impaired.  If  any  such  indication  exists,  or  when  an  annual  impairment  assessment  for  an  asset  is required, the Group makes an estimate of the asset's recoverable amount.

An asset's recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's or cash-generating unit's fair value less costs of  disposal and its value in use and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash in fl ows that  are  largely  independent  of  those  from  other  assets  or  group  of  assets. Where the carrying amount of an asset or cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount.

Impairment losses are recognised in pro fi t or loss.

A previously recognised impairment loss is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the asset's recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognised. If that is the case, the carrying amount of the asset is increased to its recoverable amount. That increase cannot exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation, had no impairment loss been recognised previously. Such reversal is recognised in pro fi t or loss.

## g) Subsidiaries

A subsidiary is an investee that is controlled by the Group. The Group controls an investee when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to a ff ect those returns through its power over the investee.

In the Company's balance sheet, investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment losses,  if  any.  On  disposal  of  the  investments,  the  di ff erence  between  disposal  proceeds  and  the carrying amounts of the investments are recognised in pro fi t or loss.

## 2. Summary of signi fi cant accounting policies (cont'd)

## h) Associates

An  associate  is  an  entity  over  which  the  Group  has  the  power  to  participate  in  the fi nancial  and operating policy decisions of the investee but does not have control or joint control of these policies.

The Group accounts for its investments in associates using the equity method from the date on which it becomes an associate.

On acquisition of the investment, any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group's share of the net fair value of the investee's identi fi able assets and liabilities represents goodwill and is included in  the  carrying  amount  of  the  investment.  Any  excess  of  the  Group's  share  of  the  net  fair  value  of the investee's identi fi able assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment is included as income in  the  determination of the Group's share of the associate's pro fi t  or  loss  in  the  period  in  which  the investment is acquired.

Under the equity method, the investment in associates is carried in the balance sheet at cost plus post-acquisition  changes  in  the  Group's  share  of  net  assets  of  the  associates.  The  pro fi t  or  loss re fl ects the share of the results of operations of the associates. Distributions received from associates reduce the carrying amount of the investment. Where there has been a change recognised in other comprehensive income by the associates, the Group recognises its share of such changes in other comprehensive income. Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and the associate are eliminated to the extent of the interest in the associates.

When the Group's share of losses in an associate equal or exceeds its interest in the associate, the Group does not recognise further losses,  unless  it  has  incurred  obligations  or  made  payments  on behalf of the associate.

After  application  of  the  equity  method,  the  Group  determines  whether  it  is  necessary  to  recognise an  additional  impairment  loss  on  the  Group's  investment  in  its  associates.  The  Group  determines at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period whether there is any objective evidence that the investment in the associate is impaired. If this is the case, the Group calculates the amount of impairment as the di ff erence between the recoverable amount of the associate and its carrying value and recognises the amount in pro fi t or loss.

The fi nancial statements of the associates are prepared as of the same reporting date as the Company. Where necessary, adjustments are made to bring the accounting policies in line  with  those  of  the Group.

Upon loss of signi fi cant in fl uence over the associate, the Group measures the retained interest at its fair value. Any di ff erence between the fair value of the aggregate of the retained interest and proceeds from  disposal  and  the  carrying  amount  of  the  investment  at  the  date  of  the  equity  method  was discontinued is recognised in pro fi t or loss.

In  the  Company's separate fi nancial statements, investments in associates are accounted for at cost less impairment losses.

## i) Financial instruments

## Financial assets

Recognition and derecognition

Regular way purchases and sales of fi nancial assets are recognised on trade date - the date on which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive cash fl ows from the fi nancial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards of ownership.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Summary of signi fi cant accounting policies (cont'd)

## i) Financial instruments (cont'd)

## Financial assets (cont'd)

Recognition and derecognition (cont'd)

Financial  assets  are  initially  measured  at  fair  value.  Transaction  costs  that  are  directly  attributable to  the  acquisition  of fi nancial assets (other than fi nancial assets at fair value through pro fi t  or  loss) are  added  to  the  fair  value  of  the fi nancial  assets  on  initial  recognition.  Transaction  costs  directly attributable  to  acquisition  of fi nancial  assets  at  fair  value  through  pro fi t  or  loss  are  recognised immediately in pro fi t  or  loss.  Trade  receivables  without  a  signi fi cant fi nancing component is initially measured at transaction prices.

Classi fi cation and measurement

All fi nancial assets are subsequently measured in their entirety at either amortised cost or fair value, depending on the classi fi cation of the fi nancial assets.

The Group classi fi es its fi nancial assets at amortised cost.

The classi fi cation  is  based  on  the  entity's  business  model  for  managing  the fi nancial  asset  and  the contractual cash fl ow characteristics of the fi nancial assets.

The Group reclassi fi es fi nancial assets when and only when its business model for managing those assets changes.

Subsequent measurement

## Debt instruments

Debt  instruments  include  cash  and  cash  equivalents,  trade  and  other  receivables  (excluding prepayments) and investment in debt securities.

The Group measures fi nancial assets at amortised cost if both of the following conditions are met:

-  The fi nancial asset is held within a business model with the objective to hold fi nancial assets in order to collect contractual cash fl ows; and
-  The contractual terms of the fi nancial asset give rise on speci fi c  dates  to  cash fl ows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the e ff ective interest rate ('EIR') method and are subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in pro fi t  or  loss  when  the asset is derecognised, modi fi ed or impaired. Interest income from these fi nancial assets is included in interest income using the EIR method.

## 2. Summary of signi fi cant accounting policies (cont'd)

## i) Financial instruments (cont'd)

## Financial assets (cont'd)

Impairment

The  Group  recognises  an  allowance  for  expected  credit  losses  ('ECLs')  for fi nancial  assets  carried at  amortised  cost.  ECLs  are  based  on  the  di ff erence  between  the  contractual  cash fl ows  due  in accordance with the contract and all the cash fl ows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original e ff ective interest rate.

The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a signi fi cant increase in credit risk. For credit exposures for which there has not been a signi fi cant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are possible within the next 12-months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a signi fi cant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

For  trade  receivables  and  contract  assets  that  do  not  have  a  signi fi cant fi nancing  component,  the Group applies a simpli fi ed  approach  to  recognise  a  loss  allowance  based  on  lifetime  ECLs  at  each reporting date. The Group has established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted as appropriate for current conditions and forward-looking factors speci fi c  to  the debtors and the economic environment.

If the Group has measured the loss allowance for a fi nancial asset at an amount equal to lifetime ECL in  the  previous  reporting  period,  but  determines  at  the  current  reporting  date  that  the  conditions for  lifetime  ECL  are  no  longer  met,  the  Group  measures  the  loss  allowance  at  an  amount  equal  to 12-month ECL at the current reporting date.

The  Group  recognises  an  impairment  gain  or  loss  in  pro fi t  or  loss  for  all fi nancial  assets  with  a corresponding  adjustment  to  their  carrying  amount  through  a  loss  allowance  account,  except for  investments  in  debt  instruments  that  are  measured  at  FVOCI,  for  which  the  loss  allowance  is recognised in other comprehensive income, and does not reduce the carrying amount of the fi nancial asset in the balance sheet.

## Financial liabilities

Initial recognition and measurement

Financial liabilities are recognised when, and only when, the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the fi nancial instrument. The Group determines the classi fi cation of its fi nancial liabilities at initial recognition.

All fi nancial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value plus in the case of fi nancial liabilities not at fair value through pro fi t or loss, directly attributable transaction costs.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Summary of signi fi cant accounting policies (cont'd)

## i) Financial instruments (cont'd)

## Financial liabilities (cont'd)

Subsequent measurement

After  initial  recognition, fi nancial  liabilities  that  are  not  carried  at  fair  value  through  pro fi t  or  loss are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the e ff ective interest method. Gains and losses are recognised in pro fi t  or  loss  when  the  liabilities  are  de-recognised,  and  through the amortisation process.

De-recognition

A fi nancial liability is de-recognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires. On de-recognition, the di ff erence between the carrying amounts and the consideration paid is recognised in pro fi t or loss.

## O ff setting of fi nancial instruments

Financial  assets  and fi nancial  liabilities  are  o ff set  and  the  net  amount  is  presented  in  the  balance sheets,  when  and  only  when,  there  is  a  currently  enforceable  legal  right  to  set  o ff the  recognised amounts and there is an intention  to  settle  on  a  net  basis,  or  to  realise  the  assets  and  settle  the liabilities simultaneously.

## j) Cash and cash equivalents

For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of cash fl ows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and deposits with fi nancial institutions which are subject to an insigni fi cant risk of change in value and exclude pledge deposits.

## k) Inventories

Inventories, comprising medical supplies, are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition are accounted for on a fi rstin, fi rst-out basis.

Where necessary, allowance is provided for damaged, obsolete and slow-moving items to adjust the carrying value of inventories to the lower of cost and net realisable value.

Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

## l) Provisions for other liabilities

Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that an out fl ow of resources embodying economic bene fi ts will be required to settle the obligation and the amount of the obligation can be estimated reliably.

Provisions are reviewed at the end of each reporting period and adjusted to re fl ect  the  current best estimate. If it is no longer probable that an out fl ow of economic resources will be required to settle the obligation, the provision is reversed. If the e ff ect of the time value of money is material, provisions are  discounted  using  a  current  pre-tax  rate  that  re fl ects,  where  appropriate,  the  risks  speci fi c  to the  liability.  When  discounting  is  used,  the  increase  in  the  provision  due  to  the  passage  of  time  is recognised as a fi nance cost.

## 2. Summary of signi fi cant accounting policies (cont'd)

## m) Government grants

Government grant shall be recognised in pro fi t or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate. Grants related to income are presented as a credit in pro fi t or loss as 'Other income'.

## n) Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs are capitalised as part of the cost of a qualifying asset if they are directly attributable to  the  acquisition,  construction  or  production  of  that  asset.  Capitalisation  of  borrowing  costs commences when the activities to prepare the asset for its intended use or sale are in progress and the expenditures and borrowing costs are incurred. Borrowing costs are capitalised until the assets are substantially completed for their intended use or sale. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period they occur. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that the Group incurred in connection with the borrowing of funds.

## o) Employee bene fi ts

## Employee leave entitlement

Employee entitlements to annual leave and long service leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision is made for the estimated liability for annual leave and long-service leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to the balance sheet date.

## De fi ned contribution plans

The Group participates in the national pension schemes as de fi ned by the laws of the countries in which it has operations. In particular, the Singapore companies in the Group make contributions to the Central Provident Fund scheme in Singapore, a de fi ned contribution pension scheme. Contributions to de fi ned contribution pension schemes are recognised as an expense in the period in which the related service is performed.

## Employee share option scheme

Employees  of  the  Group  receive  remuneration  in  the  form  of  share  options  as  consideration  for services  rendered.  The  cost  of  these  equity-settled  transactions  with  employees  is  measured  by reference to the fair value of the options granted on the date of the grant. This cost is recognised in  pro fi t  or  loss,  with  a  corresponding  increase in the share option reserve, over the vesting period. Non-market vesting conditions are included in the estimation of the number of shares under options that are expected to become exercisable on the vesting date. At each balance sheet date, the Group revises its estimates of the number of shares under options that are expected to become exercisable on the vesting date and recognises the impact of the revision of the estimates in pro fi t or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to the share option reserve over the remaining vesting period.

When the  options  are  exercised,  the  proceeds  received  (net  of  transaction  costs)  and  the  related balance previously recognised in the share option reserve are credited to share capital account if new ordinary shares are issued, or credited to the 'treasury shares' account if treasury shares are re-issued to the employees. Upon expiry of the options, the balance in the share option reserve is transferred to retained earnings.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Summary of signi fi cant accounting policies (cont'd)

## p) Leases

The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. That is, if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identi fi ed asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

## When the Group is the lessee

The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use ('ROU') assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.

## Right-of-use ('ROU') assets

The Group recognises ROU assets at the commencement date of the lease (i.e. the date the underlying asset is available for use). ROU assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any re-measurement of lease liabilities. The cost of ROU assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made  at  or  before  the  commencement  date  less  any  lease  incentives  received.  ROU  assets  are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease terms and the estimated useful lives of the assets.

Whenever the Group incurs an obligation for costs to dismantle and remove a leased asset, restore the site on which it is located or restore the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of the lease, a provision is recognised and measured under SFRS(I) 1-37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets .

If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group at the end of the lease term or the cost re fl ects the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset. The depreciation starts at the commencement date of the lease.

The right-of-use assets are presented as a separate line in the balance sheets.

The  Group  applies  SFRS(I)  1-36 Impairment  of  Assets to  determine  whether  a  right-of-use  asset  is impaired and accounts for any identi fi ed impairment loss as described in Note 2(f).

## Lease liabilities

At the commencement date of the lease, the Group recognises lease liabilities measured at the present value of lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fi xed payments (including in-substance fi xed payments), less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The  lease  payments  also  include  the  exercise  price  of  a  purchase  option  reasonably  certain  to  be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term re fl ects the Group exercising the option to terminate. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as expenses in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

In  calculating  the  present  value  of  the  lease  payments,  the  Group  uses  its  incremental  borrowing rate  at  the  lease  commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to re fl ect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities  is  re-measured if there is a modi fi cation, a change in the lease term, a change in the lease payments (e.g. changes to future payments resulting from a change in an index or rate used to  determine  such  lease  payments)  or  a  change  in  the  assessment  of  an  option  to  purchase  the underlying asset.

## 2. Summary of signi fi cant accounting policies (cont'd)

## p) Leases (cont'd)

## When the Group is the lessee (cont'd)

Lease liabilities (cont'd)

The lease liabilities are presented as a separate line in the balance sheets.

## Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of warehouse premises (i.e. those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). It also applies to the lease of low-value assets recognition exemption to leases of warehouse premises that are considered to be low value. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low value are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

## When the Group is the lessor

Leases  in  which  the  Group  does  not  transfer  substantially  all  the  risks  and  rewards  incidental  to ownership of an asset are classi fi ed as operating leases. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis as sub-lease income. The accounting policy for sub-lease income is set out in Note 2(q).

## q) Revenue

Revenue  is  measured  based  on  the  consideration  to  which  the  Group  expects  to  be  entitled  in exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a customer, excluding amounts collected on behalf of third parties.

Revenue is recognised when the Group satis fi es a performance obligation by transferring a promised good or service to the customer, which is when the customer obtains control of the good or service. A performance obligation may be satis fi ed at a point in time or over time. The amount of revenue recognised is the amount allocated to the satis fi ed performance obligation.

## (a) Rendering of services

The  Group  renders  medical  services  in  health  screening  and  medical  wellness  services, diagnostic imaging and radiology services, primary care services and medical aesthetic services to customers.

Revenue from services in the ordinary course of business is recognised when the Group satis fi es a  performance obligation by performing a promised service to the customer. The amount of revenue recognised is the amount of the transaction price allocated to the satis fi ed performance obligation. Revenue is recognised at a point in time following the timing of satisfaction of the performance obligation. Certain medical services are only invoiced once the service performed are  verified  by  customers.  Accrued  receivables  is  recognised  for  the  cumulative  revenue recognised but not yet invoiced.

For  package  arrangements of aesthetics treatment services, the contract amounts are billed to  customers before performance obligation is satis fi ed.  Revenue from provision of aesthetic package  services  is  recognised  upon  completion  of  the  distinct  services  rendered.  Advance consideration received from customers are presented as contract liabilities in balance sheets.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Summary of signi fi cant accounting policies (cont'd)

## q) Revenue (cont'd)

- (b) Sales of pharmaceuticals and aesthetic products

Revenue from the sales of pharmaceuticals and aesthetic products is recognised at the point in time when goods are delivered and accepted by the customer.

- (c) Interest income

Interest income is recognised using the e ff ective interest method.

- (d) Sub-lease income

Sub-lease income is recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease terms of ongoing leases.

## r) Taxes

## (a) Current income tax

Current income tax assets and liabilities for the current and prior periods are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

Current income taxes are recognised in pro fi t  or  loss  except  to  the  extent  that  the  tax  relates to  items  recognised  outside  pro fi t  or  loss,  either  in  other  comprehensive  income  or  directly in  equity.  Management periodically evaluates positions taken in the tax returns with respect to  situations  in  which  applicable  tax  regulations are subject to interpretation and establishes provisions where appropriate.

## (b) Deferred tax

Deferred tax is provided using the liability method on temporary di ff erences at the end of the reporting period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for fi nancial reporting purposes.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all temporary di ff erences, except:

- -Where the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction a ff ects neither the accounting pro fi t nor taxable pro fi t or loss; and
- -In  respect of taxable temporary di ff erences associated with investments in subsidiaries and associates,  where  the  timing  of  the  reversal  of  the  temporary  di ff erences  can  be controlled  and  it  is  probable  that  the  temporary  di ff erences  will  not  reverse  in  the foreseeable future.

## 2. Summary of signi fi cant accounting policies (cont'd)

## r) Taxes (cont'd)

## (b) Deferred tax (cont'd)

Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary di ff erences, carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses, to the extent that it is probable that taxable pro fi t will  be  available  against which the deductible temporary di ff erences, and the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised except:

- -Where  the  deferred  tax  asset  relating  to  the  deductible  temporary  di ff erence  arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, a ff ects neither the accounting pro fi t nor taxable pro fi t or loss; and
- -In  respect  of  deductible  temporary  differences  associated  with  investments  in subsidiaries and associates, deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that the temporary di ff erences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable pro fi t will be available against which the temporary di ff erences can be utilised.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that su ffi cient taxable pro fi t will be available to  allow  all  or  part  of  the  deferred  tax  asset  to  be  utilised.  Unrecognised  deferred  tax  assets are reassessed at the end of each reporting period and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that future taxable pro fi t will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the year when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period.

Deferred  tax  relating  to  items  recognised  outside  pro fi t  or  loss  is  recognised  outside  pro fi t or loss. Deferred tax items are recognised in correlation to the underlying transaction either in  other comprehensive income or directly in equity and deferred tax arising from a business combination is adjusted against goodwill on acquisition.

## (c) Sales tax

Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of sales tax except:

- -Where the sales tax incurred on a purchase of assets or services is not recoverable from the taxation authority, in which case the sales tax is recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense item as applicable; and
- -Receivables and payables that are stated with the amount of sales tax included.

## s) Share capital

Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares are recognised as share capital in equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issuance of ordinary shares are deducted against share capital.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Summary of signi fi cant accounting policies (cont'd)

## t) Treasury shares

When any entity within the Group purchases the Company's ordinary shares ('treasury shares'), the consideration paid including any directly attributable incremental cost is presented as a component within equity attributable to the Company's equity holders, until they are cancelled, sold or reissued.

When treasury shares are subsequently cancelled, the cost of treasury shares are deducted against the share capital account if the shares are purchased out of the capital of the Company, or against the retained earnings of the Company if the shares are purchased out of earnings of the Company.

When treasury  shares  are  subsequently  sold  or  reissued  pursuant  to  the  employee  share  option scheme, the cost of treasury shares is reversed from the treasury share account and the realised gain or loss on sale or reissue, net of any directly attributable incremental transaction costs and related income tax, is recognised in the capital reserve of the Company.

## u) Contingencies

A contingent liability is:

- (a) a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will be con fi rmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group; or
- (b) a present obligation that arises from past events but is not recognised because:
- (i) It  is  not  probable  that  an  out fl ow  of  resources  embodying  economic  bene fi ts  will  be required to settle the obligation; or
- (ii) The amount of the obligation cannot be measured with su ffi cient reliability.

A  contingent  asset  is  a  possible  asset  that  arises  from  past  events  and  whose  existence  will  be con fi rmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group.

Contingent  liabilities  are  not  recognised  on  the  balance  sheet  of  the  Group,  except  for  contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination that are present obligations and which the fair values can be reliably determined.

## v) Dividend

Interim dividends are recorded during the fi nancial year in which they are declared payable.

Final dividends are recorded in the fi nancial statements in the period in which they are approved by the Company's shareholders.

## w) Segment reporting

An operating segment is a component of the Group that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incurs expenses, including revenues and expenses that relate to transactions with other components of the Group. Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the Group's chief operating decision maker for making decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty

The preparation of the Group's fi nancial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that a ff ect  the  reported  amounts  of  revenues,  expenses,  assets  and  liabilities,  and  the disclosure of contingent liabilities at the end of each reporting period. Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that require a material adjustment to the carrying amount of the asset or liability a ff ected in the future periods.

## (a) Critical judgements made in applying accounting policies

In the process of applying the Group's accounting policies which are described in Note 2, management has made the following judgements, which have the most signi fi cant e ff ect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated fi nancial statements:

## Deferred income tax assets

Deferred  tax  assets  are  recognised  for  unused  tax  losses  and  unabsorbed  tax  allowances  to  the extent that it is probable that taxable pro fi t  will  be  available  against which the losses can be utilised. Signi fi cant management judgement is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon the likely timing and the level of future pro fi ts, together with future tax planning strategies.

As disclosed in Note 8, the Group has $12,502,000 (2021: $11,851,000) of unutilised tax losses and $12,752,000  (2021:  $13,341,000)  of  capital  allowances  carried  forward.  These  unutilised  tax  losses and capital allowances relate to the Company and subsidiaries that have a history of losses and do not expire. The Company and the subsidiaries neither have any taxable temporary di ff erence nor any tax planning opportunities available that could partly support the recognition of these unutilised tax lossess and capital allowance as deferred tax assets. On this basis, the Group has determined that it  cannot  recognise  deferred  tax  assets  on  the  unutilised  tax  lossess  and  capital  allowance  carried forward.

If  the Group was able to recognise all unrecognised deferred tax assets, pro fi t and equity would have increased by $4,293,000 (2021: $4,282,000). Further details on taxes are disclosed in Note 8.

## (b) Key sources of estimation uncertainty

The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of each reporting period are discussed below. The Group based its assumptions and estimates on  parameters  available  when  the  financial  statements  were  prepared.  Existing  circumstances and  assumptions  about  future  developments,  however,  may  change  due  to  market  changes  or circumstances arising beyond the control of the Group. Such changes are re fl ected in the assumptions when they occur.

## Impairment of goodwill

As disclosed in Note 13, the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit which goodwill has been allocated to is determined based on value in use calculations. The value in use calculation is based on discounted cash fl ow model. The recoverable amount is most sensitive to the forecast revenue growth rates applied to future cash fl ow projections. The key assumptions applied in the determination of the value in use and a sensitivity analysis, are disclosed and further explained in Note 13 to the fi nancial statements.

The  carrying  amount  of  goodwill  as  at  31  December  2022  was  $Nil  (2021:  $523,864).  During  the fi nancial year, the Group recorded an impairment loss on goodwill of $523,864 (2021: $Nil).

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. Signi fi cant accounting judgements and estimates (cont'd)

## (b) Key sources of estimation uncertainty (cont'd)

Impairment of plant and equipment and right-of-use assets

The Group assesses at each fi nancial year whether there is an indication that its plant and equipment and right-of-use assets may be impaired. The assessment requires an estimation of the recoverable amount of the plant and equipment and the right-of-use assets. This requires the Group to make an  estimate  of  the  expected  operating  cash fl ows  and  to  choose  a  suitable  discount  rate  in  order to  calculate  the  present value of those cash fl ows. The recoverable amount is most sensitive to the discount rates and the forecast revenue growth rates applied to future cash fl ow projections. The key assumptions applied in the determination of the value in use and a sensitivity analysis, are disclosed and further explained in Notes 10 and 28 to the fi nancial statements.

The carrying amount of the Group's plant and equipment and right-of-use assets as at 31 December 2022  was  $1,468,115  (2021:  $557,098)  and  $6,529,595  (2021:  $3,659,274)  respectively.  During  the fi nancial  year,  the  Group  recorded  a  net  reversal  of  impairment  loss  on  plant  and  equipment  of $200,958 (2021: impairment loss of $97,783) and a reversal of impairment loss on right-of-use assets of $1,302,344 (2021: impairment loss of $759,265).

Impairment of investment in subsidiaries - Company level

The  Company's  investment  in  subsidiaries  amounted  to  $7,703,247  (2021:  $2,203,247)  as  at  31 December 2022. The investment in subsidiaries is tested for impairment or reversal of impairment whenever there are indications of impairment or that an impairment loss recognised in prior periods may no longer exist or may have decreased. Management has identi fi ed that the impairment loss on its subsidiary recognised in prior periods have decreased due to increased number of patient referrals following the gradual reopening of the economy.

During the fi nancial year, management had estimated the recoverable amount of the subsidiary and recognised a reversal of impairment loss on cost of investment in subsidiary amounting to $5,500,000 (2021: $1,238,017).

As  disclosed  in  Note  11  to  the fi nancial  statements,  the  recoverable  amounts  of  investment  in subsidiaries have been determined based on value in use calculations. The value in use calculation is  based on a discounted cash fl ow model. The recoverable amount is most sensitive to the discount rates and forecast revenue growth rates applied to future cash fl ow projections. The key assumptions applied in the determination of the value in use are disclosed and further explained in Note 11 to the fi nancial statements.

Impairment of amounts due from subsidiaries - Company level

As at 31 December 2022, the Company's amounts due from subsidiaries (trade) amounted to $37,613 (2021: $Nil) and amounts due from subsidiaries (non-trade) amounted to $266,527 (2021: $110,397) that  are  repayable  on  demand. Management estimates the impairment loss on amounts due from subsidiaries using the expected credit loss model ('ECL'). The provision rates are based on factors that a ff ect the collectability of the amounts including the subsidiaries' current fi nancial position as well as the projected cash fl ows of the subsidiaries.

Following  the  impairment  assessment,  total  impairment  loss  of  $1,380,548  (2021:  $1,246,746)  was recognised on amounts due from AsiaMedic Heart &amp; Vascular Centre Pte Ltd, AsiaMedic PET/CT Centre Pte Ltd, AsiaMedic Astique The Aesthetic Clinic Pte Ltd and Complete Healthcare International Pte Ltd which will not be able to be recovered.

## 4. Revenue

Revenue represents fees for health screening and medical wellness services, diagnostic imaging and radiology services, primary care services and sales of pharmaceuticals products, and medical aesthetic services and related products, net of discounts. In the rendering of these services in the normal course of business to external customers and sales of these products, there are no material variable considerations noted in the contracts with customers.

## Disaggregation of revenue

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Medical services and sale of related products:  Health screening and medical wellness services  10,145,330  9,747,292  Diagnostic imaging and radiology services  5,653,856  4,944,227  Primary care services and pharmaceuticals products  1,752,402  1,896,693  Medical aesthetic services and related products  1,330,843  1,666,921  18,882,431  18,255,133  Timing of transfer of goods or services:  At a point in time  18,882,431  18,255,133   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Information about a major customer

Revenue  from  one  major  third  party  customer  amounted  to  $5,175,991  for  the  financial  year  (2021: $5,230,150). This relates to the provision of health screening and vaccination services to students and school children, as well as the provision of health screening and health coaching services to the community.

The Group applies the practical expedient in SFRS(I) 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers and does not disclose information about its remaining performance obligation if the performance obligation is part of a contract that has an original expected duration of one year or less.

## 5. Other income

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Grant income  162,243  166,291  Sub-lease income  228,810  136,463  Interest income  40,471  22,234  Job Support Scheme grant income  -  284,052  Rental Support/Rental Relief Scheme grant income  -  166,023  Other income  -  93,967  431,524  869,030   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Job Support Scheme grant income relates to cash grants received from the Singapore Government to help businesses deal with the impact from COVID-19.

Rental Support/Rental Relief Scheme grant income relates to property tax rebates and rental relief received from the Singapore Government to help businesses deal with the impact from COVID-19.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 6. Finance costs

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Interest on lease liabilities (Note 28)  239,010  143,192  Accretion of interest on reinstatement assets (Note 22)  2,730  2,682  241,740  145,874   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7. Pro fi t before tax

In addition to the transactions disclosed elsewhere in the notes to the fi nancial statements, the pro fi t before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting) the following:

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Cost of inventories included in consumable expenses  1,025,836  814,524  Audit fees payable to  - auditor of the Company  135,000  115,000  Non-audit fees payable to  - auditor of the Company  -  -  Bad debt written o  ff  19,013  -  Plant and equipment written o  ff  29,750  4,168  Provision on reinstatement  -  197,000  Credit card and bank charges  173,282  173,855  Impairment loss/(reversal of impairment loss) of non-current assets  Impairment of goodwill (Note 13)  523,864  -  (Reversal of impairment loss)/impairment loss of plant and  equipment (Note 10)  (200,958)  97,783  (Reversal of impairment loss)/impairment loss of right-of-use  assets (Note 28)  (1,302,344)  759,265  (Reversal of impairment loss)/impairment loss of non-current  assets, net  (979,438)  857,048   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8. Income tax expense

A reconciliation between the tax expense and the product of pro fi t  before  tax  multiplied  by  the  applicable corporate tax rate is as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Pro  fi  t before tax  2,186,023  715,031  Tax calculated at a tax rate of 17% (2021: 17%)  371,624  121,555  Adjustments:  Share of results of associate  (82,259)  (60,708)  Non-deductible expenses  #  127,322  29,463  Income not subject to taxation  -  (76,513)  Utilisation of deferred tax bene  fi  ts previously not recognised  (505,948)  -  Deferred tax assets not recognised  203,069  119,427  Utilisation of unutilised capital allowances under group relief  (108,708)  (102,473)  Others  (5,100)  (30,751)  Income tax expense recognised in pro  fi  t or loss  -  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

# The major non-deductible expenses in 2022 includes impairment loss of goodwill of $523,864.

Deferred tax liabilities of $22,568 (2021: $22,568) arose from di ff erences in depreciation for tax purposes.

At the end of the fi nancial year, the Group has unutilised tax losses and capital allowances of approximately $12,502,000 (2021: $11,851,000), and $12,752,000 (2021: $13,341,000) respectively that are available for o ff set against future taxable pro fi ts of the companies in which the losses and capital allowances arose, for which no deferred tax asset is recognised due to uncertainty of its recoverability. These unutilised tax losses and capital allowances have no expiry date and can be carried forward inde fi nitely. The use of these unutilised tax losses and capital allowances is subject to the agreement of the tax authority and compliance with certain provisions of the tax legislation of Singapore.

## 9. Earnings per share

Basic earnings per share amounts are calculated by dividing pro fi t  for  the  year,  net  of  tax,  attributable  to owners of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the fi nancial year.

There were no potential dilutive ordinary shares. Share options are not included in the calculation of the diluted loss per share because they are anti-dilutive.

The following table re fl ects the pro fi t and share data used in the computation of basic earnings per share for the years ended 31 December:

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Pro  fi  t for the year attributable to owners of the Company  2,186,023  715,031  Number of  shares  Number of  shares  Weighted average number of ordinary shares (excluding treasury shares) for  basic and diluted earnings per share computation  1,119,522,270  1,119,522,270   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 10. Plant and equipment

| Group  Leasehold  improvements  Furniture,  fi  ttings,  fi  xtures,  and o  ffi  ce  equipment  Medical  equipment  Reinstatement  assets  Total  $  $  $  $  $  Cost:  At 1 January 2021  3,318,687  2,963,991  12,840,428  349,206  19,472,312  Additions  -  67,745  255,399  197,000  520,144  Write o  ff  s  -  (2,037)  (22,940)  -  (24,977)  At 31 December 2021  3,318,687  3,029,699  13,072,887  546,206  19,967,479  Additions  598,190  231,157  175,657  -  1,005,004  Write o  ff  s  (52,125)  (14,318)  (72,698)  -  (139,141)  At 31 December 2022  3,864,752  3,246,538  13,175,846  546,206  20,833,342  Accumulated depreciation and  impairment loss:  At 1 January 2021  3,264,553  2,913,204  12,512,366  267,515  18,957,638  Depreciation charge for the year  27,383  33,662  97,301  217,423  375,769  Write o  ff  s  -  (2,037)  (18,772)  -  (20,809)  Impairment loss  -  9,809  68,554  19,420  97,783  At 31 December 2021  3,291,936  2,954,638  12,659,449  504,358  19,410,381  Depreciation charge for the year  78,260  66,162  100,350  20,423  265,195  Write o  ff  s  (52,125)  (14,318)  (42,948)  -  (109,391)  Impairment loss/(reversal of  impairment loss)  -  14,963  (215,921)  -  (200,958)  At 31 December 2022  3,318,071  3,021,445  12,500,930  524,781  19,365,227  Representing:  Accumulated depreciation  2,928,634  2,632,295  8,787,862  524,781  14,873,572  Accumulated impairment loss  389,437  389,150  3,713,068  -  4,491,655  At 31 December 2022  3,318,071  3,021,445  12,500,930  524,781  19,365,227  Net carrying amount:  At 31 December 2021  26,751  75,061  413,438  41,848  557,098  At 31 December 2022  546,681  225,093  674,916  21,425  1,468,115   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 10. Plant and equipment (cont'd)

| Company  Leasehold  improvements  Furniture,  fi  ttings,  fi  xtures,  and o  ffi  ce  equipment  Total  $  $  $  Cost:  At 1 January 2021  246,943  290,719  537,662  Additions  205,448  -  205,448  At 31 December 2021  452,391  290,719  743,110  Additions  -  128,546  128,546  At 31 December 2022  452,391  419,265  871,656  Accumulated depreciation:  At 1 January 2021  452,391  263,958  716,349  Depreciation charge for the year  -  6,765  6,765  At 31 December 2021  452,391  270,723  723,114  Depreciation charge for the year  -  25,479  25,479  At 31 December 2022  452,391  296,202  748,593  Net carrying amount:  At 31 December 2021  -  19,996  19,996  At 31 December 2022  -  123,063  123,063   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Impairment of plant and equipment

In  2022,  following  certain  changes  to  the  business  plan,  the  management  carried  out  a  review  of  the recoverable amount of its plant and equipment for the diagnostic imaging and radiology services companies ('imaging CGU') and medical aesthetic services company ('AATAC CGU'). The recoverable amount of the plant and equipment was determined based on their value in use. Cash fl ow projections used in the value in use calculations were based on fi nancial budgets approved by the board covering fi ve  to  nine  years,  based  on remaining useful life of the plant and equipment of respective CGU. The pre-tax discount rate used was 12.4% (2021: 10.5%).

The recoverable amount of $313,000 was estimated to exceed carrying amount of the imaging CGU and accordingly, the Group recorded reversal of impairment loss of $597,656 (2021: impairment loss of $97,783) for the plant and equipment as at the end of fi nancial year. The reversal of impairment loss was recognised to the extent that the increase in carrying amount of the plant and equipment shall not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of depreciation) had no impairment loss been recognised for the assets in prior years.

The  impairment  test  carried  out  as  at  31  December  2022  for  AATAC  CGU  has  revealed  that  the  carrying amount  of  the  CGU  was  determined  to  be  higher  than  its  recoverable  amount.  Accordingly,  plant  and equipment for AATAC CGU were fully impaired and impairment loss of $396,698 (2021: $Nil) was recognised and is included in the 'impairment loss of non-current assets' line item of pro fi t or loss.

As a result, a net reversal of impairment loss of $200,958 (Note 7) was recorded for plant and equipment.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 10. Plant and equipment (cont'd)

## Impairment of plant and equipment (cont'd)

## Key assumptions used in the value in use calculations

The calculations of value in use are most sensitive to the following assumptions:

Pre-tax discount rates -  Discount rates represent the current market assessment of the risks speci fi c  to  each cash-generating unit ('CGU'), regarding the time value of money and individual risks of the underlying assets which have not been incorporated in the cash fl ow estimates. The discount rate calculation is based on the speci fi c  circumstances of the Group and its operating segments and derived from its weighted average cost of capital ('WACC'). The WACC takes into account both debt and equity. The cost of equity is derived from the expected return on investment by the Group's investors. The cost of debt is based on the interest-bearing borrowings the Group is obliged to service. Segment-speci fi c risk is incorporated by applying individual beta factors. The beta factors are evaluated annually based on publicly available market data.

Revenue growth rates - Pro fi t from operation was based on management's estimate with reference to historical revenue  generated,  growth  rate  and  estimation  of  future  business  outlook.  Revenue  growth  rate  was estimated at average revenue growth of 29% for 2023 for its imaging CGU and 6% for 2023 for its AATAC CGU. Thereafter, management assumed no revenue growth from 2024 to 2027.

## Sensitivity to changes in assumptions

A further decrease in the revenue growth rate by 1% or an increase in the discount rate by 1.5% would result in  the  recoverable amount of the imaging CGU being lower than its carrying value by $24,000 and $71,000 respectively.

## Write o ff s from wear and tear

During the fi nancial year, the Group wrote o ff plant  and equipment with a carrying value of $29,750 (2021: $4,168) arising from usual wear and tear of the assets (Note 7).

## Purchase of plant and equipment by other means

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Purchase of plant and equipment ('PE')  Aggregate cost of PE acquired, excluding reinstatement assets  1,005,004  323,144  Add: Payables for PE at 1 January  41,597  97,023  Less: Payables for PE at 31 December  (47,325)  (41,597)  Net cash out  fl  ow for purchase of PE presented in consolidated statement of  cash  fl  ows  999,276  378,570   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 11. Investment in subsidiaries

| Company  2022  2021  $  $  Unquoted equity shares, at cost  12,195,573  12,195,573  Less: Allowance for impairment losses  (4,492,326)  (9,992,326)  7,703,247  2,203,247   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The movement of the allowance for impairment losses is as follows:

| Company  2022  2021  $  $  At 1 January  9,992,326  11,230,343  Write back for the year  (5,500,000)  (1,238,017)  At 31 December  4,492,326  9,992,326   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The recoverable amount of the investment in subsidiaries has been determined based on a value in use calculation  using  cash fl ow projection from fi nancial  budgets  approved  by  the  board  covering  a fi ve-year period. The pre-tax discount rate applied to the cash fl ows projection is 12.4% (2021: 10.5%).

During  the  financial  year,  following  certain  changes  to  the  business  plan  in  imaging  CGU,  the  Group reassessed its estimates. The recoverable amount of $6,405,000 for The Orchard Imaging Centre Pte Ltd was estimated to exceed its carrying amount. Accordingly, a write back of impairment of $5,500,000 (2021: write back of impairment of $1,238,017) was recognised to the cost of investment in The Orchard Imaging Centre Pte Ltd to its recoverable amount.

## Key assumptions used in the value in use calculations

The calculations of value in use are most sensitive to the following assumptions:

Pre-tax discount rates -  Discount rates represent the current market assessment of the risks speci fi c  to  each cash-generating unit ('CGU'), regarding the time value of money and individual risks of the underlying assets which have not been incorporated in the cash fl ow estimates. The discount rate calculation is based on the speci fi c  circumstances of the Group and its operating segments and derived from its weighted average cost of capital ('WACC'). The WACC takes into account both debt and equity. The cost of equity is derived from the expected return on investment by the Group's investors. The cost of debt is based on the interest-bearing borrowings the Group is obliged to service. Segment-speci fi c risk is incorporated by applying individual beta factors. The beta factors are evaluated annually based on publicly available market data.

Revenue growth rates - Pro fi t from operation was based on management's estimate with reference to historical revenue  generated,  growth  rate  and  estimation  of  future  business  outlook.  Revenue  growth  rate  was estimated at 17% for 2023. Thereafter, management assumed no revenue growth from 2024 to 2027.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 11. Investment in subsidiaries (cont'd)

Sensitivity to changes in assumptions

A  further  decrease  in  the  revenue  growth  rate  by  13.2%  would  result  in  the  recoverable  amount  of  The Orchard Imaging Centre Pte Ltd being lower than its carrying value by $54,000.

Details of subsidiaries at the end of the fi nancial year are as follows:

| Name of subsidiary  (Country of incorporation)  Principal activities  Group's e  ff  ective equity  interest held  2022  2021  %  %  Held by the Company  The Orchard Imaging Centre Pte Ltd  (Singapore)  Provision of diagnostic imaging and  radiology services  100  100  AsiaMedic Wellness Assessment Centre  Pte Ltd  (Singapore)  Provision of health screening and  medical wellness services  100  100  AsiaMedic PET/CT Centre Pte Ltd  (Singapore)  Provision of diagnostic imaging and  radiology services  100  100  AsiaMedic Heart &amp; Vascular Centre  Pte Ltd  (Singapore)  Provision of diagnostic imaging and  radiology services  100  100  Complete Healthcare International  Pte Ltd  (Singapore)  Provision of primary healthcare  services  100  100  AMC Healthcare Pte Ltd  (Singapore)  Dormant  100  100  AsiaMedic Eye Centre Pte Ltd  (Singapore)  Dormant  100  100  Held by AsiaMedic Wellness  Assessment Centre Pte Ltd  AsiaMedic Astique The Aesthetic Clinic  Pte Ltd  (Singapore)  Provision of medical aesthetic  services and related products  100  100   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All  subsidiaries  are  audited  by  Baker  Tilly  TFW  LLP,  Singapore.  The fi nancial  statements  for fi nancial  year ended 31 December 2021 were audited by another fi rm of auditor.

## 12. Investment in associate

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  Unquoted equity shares, at cost  Positron Tracers Pte Ltd  2,190,185  1,991,995  181,500  181,500   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details of associate at the end of the fi nancial year are as follows:

| Name of associate  (Country of incorporation)  Principal activities  Group's e  ff  ective equity  interest held  2022  2021  %  %  Positron Tracers Pte Ltd  (1)  (Singapore)  Manufacturing and sale of  fl  udeoxyglucose (FDG) and other  radioactive isotopes  33  33   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Audited by KPMG LLP, Singapore

The  associate  is  measured  using  the  equity  method.  The  activities  of  the  associate  are  strategies  to  the Group's relation to healthcare business.

The summarised fi nancial information of Positron Tracers Pte Ltd, based on its SFRS(I) fi nancial statements and reconciliation with the carrying amount of the investment in the consolidated fi nancial statements is as follows:

## Summarised balance sheet

| Positron Tracers Pte Ltd  2022  2021  $  $  Current assets  7,070,466  6,295,462  Non-current assets  630,042  407,150  Total assets  7,700,508  6,702,612  Total liabilities  (1,063,584)  (666,264)  Net assets  6,636,924  6,036,348  Proportion of Group's ownership  33%  33%  Group's share of net assets  2,190,185  1,991,995  Carrying amount of the investment  2,190,185  1,991,995   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 12. Investment in associate (cont'd)

## Group's share of pro fi t after tax

## Summarised statement of comprehensive income

| Positron Tracers Pte Ltd  2022  2021  $  $  Revenue  3,801,729  3,234,081  Pro  fi  t after tax representing total comprehensive income for the year  1,466,285  1,082,135  Proportion of Group's ownership  33%  33%  Group's share of pro  fi  t after tax  483,874  357,105  Dividend received from associate  285,684  298,166   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13. Goodwill

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Cost:  At 1 January and 31 December  2,124,311  2,124,311  Accumulated impairment:  At 1 January  1,600,447  1,600,447  Impairment loss  523,864  -  At 31 December  2,124,311  1,600,447  Net carrying amount:  At 31 December  -  523,864   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Goodwill acquired through business combinations has been allocated to its respective cash-generating units ('CGU') namely Complete Healthcare International Pte Ltd ('CHI') and AsiaMedic Astique The Aesthetic Clinic Pte Ltd ('AATAC CGU') at cost of $1,600,447 and $523,864 respectively. The goodwill related to CHI has been fully impaired in 2018.

## Impairment testing of goodwill

The  recoverable  amount  of  the  AATAC  CGU  is  determined  based  on  the  value  in  use  calculations  using cash  flow  projections  from  financial  budgets  approved  by  the  board  covering  a  five-year  period.  The impairment test carried out as at 31 December 2022 for AATAC has revealed that the carrying value of the CGU was determined to be higher than its recoverable amount. Accordingly, goodwill was fully impaired and impairment loss of $523,864 (2021: $Nil) was recorded in the 'impairment of non-current assets' line item of pro fi t  or loss. The impairment charge arose from AATAC CGU as a result of foreseeable loss in the future business performance due to shortage of medical personnel.

## 13. Goodwill (cont'd)

## Impairment testing of goodwill (cont'd)

## Key assumptions used in the value in use calculations

The calculations of value in use for the AATAC CGU are most sensitive to the following assumptions:

Pre-tax discount rates Discount rates represent the current market assessment of the risks speci fi c  to  the CGU, regarding the time value of money and individual risks of the underlying assets which have not been incorporated in the cash fl ow estimates. The discount rate calculation is based on the speci fi c circumstances of the Group and its operating segments and derived from its weighted average cost of capital ('WACC'). The WACC takes into account both debt and equity. The cost of equity is derived from the expected return on investment by the Group's investors. The cost of debt is based on the interest-bearing borrowings the Group is obliged to service. Segment-speci fi c risk is incorporated by applying individual beta factors. The beta factors are evaluated annually based on publicly available market data. The pre-tax discount rate applied is 12.4% (2021: 10.5%).

Revenue growth rates - Pro fi t from operation was based on management's estimate with reference to historical revenue  generated,  growth  rate  and  estimation  of  future  business  outlook.  Revenue  growth  rate  was estimated at 6% for 2023. Thereafter, management assumed no revenue growth from 2024 to 2027.

## Sensitivity to changes in assumptions

An increase in the revenue growth rate by 1.9% or a decrease in the discount rate by 3.2% would result in the recoverable amount of the AATAC CGU to be equal to its carrying value.

## 14. Inventories

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Medical supplies, at cost  259,634  253,281   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 15. Trade receivables

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  Trade receivables:  - Third parties  1,846,708  1,435,526  -  -  - Subsidiaries  -  -  1,252,122  666,554  1,846,708  1,435,526  1,252,122  666,554  Less allowance for impairment loss  - Subsidiaries  -  -  (1,214,509)  (666,554)  1,846,708  1,435,526  37,613  -  Accrued receivables (Note 23)  1,166,949  664,828  -  -  Total trade receivables  3,013,657  2,100,354  37,613  -  Add:  Other receivables and deposits (Note 16)  448,613  617,473  690,320  708,882  Other  fi  nancial assets (Note 17)  1,980,560  -  1,480,560  -  Cash pledged as security (Note 18)  911,520  818,100  -  -  Cash and cash equivalents (Note 19)  6,642,404  9,473,762  3,107,097  5,832,792  Total  fi  nancial assets carried at amortised cost  12,996,754  13,009,689  5,315,590  6,541,674   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 15. Trade receivables (cont'd)

Trade receivables due from third parties are unsecured, non-interest bearing and are generally on 60 to 90 days' terms. They are recognised at their original invoice amounts which represent their fair values on initial recognition and are denominated in Singapore dollar.

## Allowance for impairment loss on trade receivables from subsidiaries

| Company  2022  2021  $  $  At 1 January  666,554  -  Charge for the year  547,955  666,554  At 31 December  1,214,509  666,554   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Concentration  of  credit  risk  relating  to  expected  credit  losses  of  trade  receivables  is  limited  due  to  the Group's many varied debtors. Other than one major debtor which accounted for 48% (2021: 51%) of the Group's trade receivables, other debtors mainly consist of public and private clinics and hospitals, private businesses, insurance companies, and individuals. Expected credit losses are evaluated based on Group's historical  experience  in  the  collection  of  trade  receivables,  adjusted  with  forward-looking  estimates  and other macroeconomic conditions. Due to these factors, management believes that no additional credit risk is inherent in the Group's trade receivables.

## 16. Other receivables and deposits

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  Amounts due from subsidiaries  -  -  17,370,669  16,381,946  Less: allowance for impairment loss  - Subsidiaries  -  -  (17,104,142)  (16,271,549)  Amounts due from subsidiaries,  net of impairment loss allowance  -  -  266,527  110,397  Refundable deposits  432,070  597,249  423,793  598,485  Other debtors  16,543  20,224  -  -  448,613  617,473  690,320  708,882   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Amounts due from subsidiaries are unsecured, non-interest bearing, repayable upon demand and are to be settled in cash.

The other receivables and deposits are denominated in Singapore dollar.

## Allowance for impairment loss of amounts due from subsidiaries

The movement of the impairment loss allowance on amounts due from subsidiaries are as follows:

| Company  2022  2021  $  $  At 1 January  16,271,549  15,691,357  Charge for the year  832,593  587,320  Reversal during the year  -  (7,128)  At 31 December  17,104,142  16,271,549   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17. Other fi nancial assets

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  Financial instruments  Credit-linked note  1,980,560  -  1,480,560  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The carrying value of other fi nancial assets at amortised cost approximates their fair values (Level 2) due to short-term nature where the e ff ect  of  discounting is immaterial. The above credit-linked note mature on 3 March 2023 and 17 March 2023 respectively and bear an average interest rate of 4.22% per annum.

The credit-linked  notes  of  the  Group  and  the  Company  are  fully  redeemed  on  maturity  dates  for  a  total amount of $2,000,000 and $1,500,000 respectively.

## 18. Cash pledged as security

Cash  pledged  as  security  refers  to fi xed  deposits  of  the  Group  amounting  to  $911,520  (2021:  $818,100) bearing fi xed  interest  rates  ranging  from  0.10%  to  2.65%  (2021:  0%  to  0.10%)  per  annum.  This  relates  to security provided for performance of contracts and facility for merchant credit card accounts facilities.

## 19. Cash and cash equivalents

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  Cash at banks and on hand  4,090,841  5,664,652  1,559,068  2,027,215  Fixed deposits  2,551,563  3,809,110  1,548,029  3,805,577  6,642,404  9,473,762  3,107,097  5,832,792   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Cash at banks earn interest at fl oating rates based on the daily bank deposit rates.

Fixed  deposits  of  the  Group  are  placed  for  varying  periods  between  9  to  12  months  depending  on  the immediate cash requirements of the Group, and earn interests ranging from 0.28% to 2.80% (2021: 0.28% to 1.68%) per annum.

Cash and cash equivalents denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are as follows:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  United States dollar  6,205  6,247  6,205  6,247   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 20. Trade payables

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  Due to third parties  1,287,279  881,291  -  -  Due to an associate  188,053  225,663  -  -  Total trade payables  1,475,332  1,106,954  -  -  Add:  Other payables and accruals (Note 21)  1,863,572  1,961,667  1,241,816  1,716,369  Lease liabilities (Note 28)  7,317,939  6,048,478  7,317,939  6,048,478  Less: GST payables  (196,308)  (126,775)  -  -  Total  fi  nancial liabilities carried at amortised cost  10,460,535  8,990,324  8,559,755  7,764,847   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Trade  payables  are  unsecured,  non-interest  bearing  and  are  normally  settled  on  60-day  terms  and  are denominated in Singapore dollar.

## 21. Other payables and accruals

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  Other payables  485,400  363,072  351,792  204,462  Accrued operating expenses  1,265,134  1,485,557  377,410  352,397  Amounts due to subsidiaries  -  -  399,576  1,046,472  Interest payable to a corporate shareholder  of the Company (Note 29(a))  113,038  113,038  113,038  113,038  1,863,572  1,961,667  1,241,816  1,716,369   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The other payables and accruals are denominated in Singapore dollar.

Amounts due to subsidiaries are unsecured, non-interest bearing, repayable on demand and are to be settled in cash.

## 22. Provision for reinstatement

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  At 1 January  1,115,662  915,980  479,000  447,000  Arose during the  fi  nancial year  -  197,000  -  32,000  Accretion of interest recognised during the  fi  nancial year  2,730  2,682  -  -  At 31 December  1,118,392  1,115,662  479,000  479,000   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Provision for reinstatement is recognised when the Group enters into lease agreements for the o ffi ce  and clinic  units.  It  includes  the  estimated  cost  of  demolishing  and  removing  all  the  leasehold  improvements and removal of medical equipment made by the Group to the o ffi ce  and  clinic  units.  The  o ffi ce  and  clinic units shall be reinstated to the condition set up in the lease agreements upon the expiration of the lease agreements.

## 23. Accrued receivables and contract liabilities

Accrued receivables relate to the Group's rights to consideration for performance obligations ful fi lled but not billed at the end of the fi nancial year on health screening and medical wellness services. Contract liabilities relate to payments for services received in advance from customers on package arrangements for medical aesthetic services. Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when the Group satis fi es  the  performance obligations under its contracts.

| 2022  $  2021  $  1.1.2021  $  Group  Trade receivables - third parties (Note 15)  1,846,708  1,435,526  2,211,212  Accrued receivables (Note 15)  1,166,949  664,828  237,499  Contract liabilities  993,574  1,179,464  1,357,081   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Accrued receivables represent unbilled transactions for services rendered to a statutory board. The billing details have been presented to the statutory board for approval prior to the end of the fi nancial year. The signi fi cant changes to the accrued receivables was mainly due to increase of services rendered during the fi nancial year and the timing of approval by the said statutory board.

Signi fi cant changes in the contract liabilities during the fi nancial year was due to performance obligation has been satis fi ed and amounts were recognised as revenue during the year.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 24. Share capital

| Group and Company  2022  2021  No. of shares  $  No. of shares  $  Issued and fully paid ordinary shares:  As at 1 January and 31 December  1,119,622,270  33,284,437  1,119,622,270  33,284,437   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as and when declared by the Company. All ordinary shares carry one vote per share without restrictions. The ordinary shares have no par value.

The Company has an employee share option scheme under which options to subscribe for the Company's ordinary shares have been granted to certain employees and consultant radiologists of the Group (Note 27).

## 25. Treasury shares

| Group and Company  2022  2021  No. of shares  $  No. of shares  $  As at 1 January and 31 December  100,000  2,866  100,000  2,866   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Treasury shares relate to ordinary shares of the Company that are held by the Company.

The Company did not acquire any shares in the Company in the current and previous fi nancial years. The total amount paid to acquire the shares is presented as a component within shareholders' equity.

No treasury shares were re-issued by the Company in the current and previous fi nancial years.

## 26. Other reserves

| Put options  reserve  Capital  reserve  Employee  share option  scheme  reserve  (Note 27)  Total  $  $  $  $  Group  At 1 January 2021, 31 December 2021 and  31 December 2022  (652,544)  (8,189)  97,812  (562,921)  Company  At 1 January 2022, 31 December 2021 and  31 December 2022  -  -  97,812  97,812   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26. Other reserves (cont'd)

## Put options reserve

The put options reserve arose as a result of acquisition of entity and businesses in two subsidiaries, namely Complete Healthcare International Pte Ltd and AsiaMedic Astique The Aesthetic Clinic Pte Ltd in 2013 whereby the vendors of the subsidiaries had been granted the option to sell their shares to the Group ('put option'). The put option reserve represented applicable percentage of the issued share capital of the subsidiaries at the option price determined by a pre-determined formula.

## Capital reserve

Capital  reserve  comprises  the  difference  between  the  amount  by  which  the  non-controlling  interests are adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received and attributed to the owners of the Company.

## 27. Personnel expenses

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Salaries and bonuses to employees  7,096,653  6,428,101  Central Provident Fund contributions  862,035  827,317  Other expenses  547,883  557,490  Wages and fees to contract-for-hire personnel  1,449,958  2,112,870  9,956,529  9,925,778   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Equity-settled employee share option scheme

The  Company  has  an  employee  share  option  scheme  for  certain  employees,  directors  and  consultant radiologists of the Group. The options that are granted under the scheme may have exercise prices that are set at the market price or at a discount to the market price (subject to a maximum discount of 20%). Options which are fi xed at the market price may be exercised after the fi rst  anniversary of the date of grant while options exercisable at a discount to the market price may only be exercised after the second anniversary from the date of grant. Options granted under the scheme will have a life span of up to 10 years. Options are forfeited/lapsed if the grantee leaves the Group or if the performance targets are not met.

- -The share options were granted on 15 June 2016.
- -The weighted average remaining contractual life for these options is 3.5 years (2021: 4.5 years).
- -The validity period of the options granted is 10 years from the date of grant.
- -The share options granted are subject to a vesting schedule as follows:
- (a) two (2) years after the date of grant for up to 33% of the shares over which the share options are exercisable;
- (b) three (3) years after the date of grant for up to 66% (including (a) above) of the shares over which the share options are exercisable; and
- (c) four (4) years after the date of grant for up to 100% (including (a) and (b) above) of the shares over which the share options are exercisable.

As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, no share options have pre-set performance conditions.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 27. Personnel expenses (cont'd)

Movement of share options during the fi nancial year

The following table illustrates the number and weighted average exercise prices ('WAEP') of, and movements in, share options during the fi nancial year:

| 2022  2021  No.  WAEP  No.  WAEP  $  $  Outstanding at 1 January  1,171,935  0.050  1,720,645  0.050  Forfeited  (352,258)  -  (548,710)  -  Outstanding at 31 December  819,677  0.050  1,171,935  0.050  Exercisable at 31 December  819,677  0.050  1,171,935  0.050   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The fair value was calculated using the Binomial Option Pricing Method. The following table lists the inputs to the model:

| 2016  Dividend yield (%)  0.000  Expected volatility (%)  97.870  Weighted average risk-free interest rate (% p.a.)  1.720  Expected life of options (years)  7.870  Weighted average share price ($)  0.060   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The expected life of the share options is based on historical data and is not necessarily indicative of exercise patterns that may occur. The expected volatility re fl ects  the  assumption that the historical volatility over a period similar to the life of the options is indicative of future trends, which may not necessarily be the actual outcome.

## 28. Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities

## Group as a lessee

The Group has lease contracts for use as o ffi ce and clinic premises from non-related parties. The leases have an average tenure of fi ve years. These leases have extension options which are further disclosed below.

The Group also has lease contracts for warehouse premises with lease term of 12 months or less, and leases of low value. The Group applies the 'short-term lease' and 'low-value leased assets' recognition exemptions. The Group has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for these leases.

## Right-of-use assets

The carrying amounts of the Group's right-of-use ('ROU') assets and the movements during the year are as follows:

| O  ffi  ce  and clinic  premises  Group and Company  $  Cost  As at 1 January 2021  6,810,044  Additions  3,431,905  As at 31 December 2021  10,241,949  Additions  2,348,064  As at 31 December 2022  12,590,013  Accumulated depreciation and impairment loss  As at 1 January 2021  4,931,259  Depreciation charge for the year  892,151  Charge of impairment loss  759,265  As at 31 December 2021  6,582,675  Depreciation charge for the year  780,087  Reversal of impairment loss  (1,302,344)  As at 31 December 2022  6,060,418  Representing:  Accumulated depreciation  4,600,670  Accumulated impairment loss  1,459,748  6,060,418  Net carrying amount  At 31 December 2021  3,659,274  At 31 December 2022  6,529,595   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 28. Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities (cont'd)

Group as a lessee (cont'd)

## Right-of-use assets (cont'd)

## Impairment of right-of-use ('ROU') assets

Management carried out a review of the recoverable amount of their ROU assets. The recoverable amount of the ROU assets has been determined based on a value in use calculation using cash fl ow projection from fi nancial budgets approved by the board covering a nine-year period (2021: fi ve years). The pre-tax discount rate applied to the cash fl ow projection is 12.4% (2021: 10.5%).

The cash fl ow projection period is consistent with the remaining lease term of the Group's current principal place of business.

Following management's impairment assessment, a reversal of impairment loss of $1,302,344 (2021: charge of impairment loss of $759,265) was recognised for the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022.

The Group's lease contracts of premises for use as clinics and o ffi ce include extension options. These options are negotiated by management to provide fl exibility  in  managing the leased-asset portfolio and align with Group's business needs. Management determines whether these extension options are reasonably certain to be exercised.

## Lease liabilities

The classi fi cation of lease liabilities and the reconciliation of liabilities arising from fi nancing activities is as follows:

| Non-cash changes:  1 January  2022  Addition  Accretion of  interests  Others  Cash  fl  ows  31 December  2022  $  $  $  $  $  $  Group and  Company  Current  1,202,070  -  239,010  817,910  (1,317,613)  941,377  Non-current  4,846,408  2,348,064  -  (817,910)  -  6,376,562  6,048,478  2,348,064  239,010  -  (1,317,613)  7,317,939  Non-cash changes:  1 January  2021  Addition  Accretion of  interests  Others  Cash  fl  ows  31 December  2021  $  $  $  $  $  $  Group and  Company  Current  1,370,835  -  143,192  1,249,632  (1,561,589)  1,202,070  Non-current  2,664,135  3,431,905  -  (1,249,632)  -  4,846,408  4,034,970  3,431,905  143,192  -  (1,561,589)  6,048,478   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The 'Others' column relates to reclassi fi cation of non-current portion of lease liabilities due to passage of time.

The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in Note 32 to the fi nancial statements.

## 28. Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities (cont'd)

Group as a lessee (cont'd)

## Lease liabilities (cont'd)

The amounts recognised in pro fi t or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Depreciation expense of right-of-use assets  780,087  892,151  Interest expense on lease liabilities  239,010  143,192  Lease expenses not capitalised in lease liabilities:  Expenses relating to short-term and low-value leases  (included in operating lease expenses)  142,495  137,917  Total amount recognised in pro  fi  t or loss  1,161,592  1,173,260   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group had total cash out fl ows for leases relating to ROU assets of $1,460,108 (2021: $1,533,483) after o ff setting with Rental Support/Rental Relief Scheme grant income of $Nil (2021: $166,023).

## 29. Related party transactions

## (a) Sales and purchases of goods and services

In  addition  to  the  related  party  information  disclosed  elsewhere  in  the fi nancial  statements,  the following signi fi cant transactions between the Group and related parties took place at terms agreed between the parties during the fi nancial year:

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Purchase of consumables from associate  421,800  421,800  Marketing services rendered by a company controlled by the Group's  corporate shareholder  2,251  200  Medical services rendered to companies controlled by the Group's  corporate shareholder  (120,687)  (104,241)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Corporate shareholder refers to Luye Medical Group Pte. Ltd., which has signi fi cant in fl uence on the Company.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 29. Related party transactions (cont'd)

## (b) Compensation of key management personnel

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Salaries and bonuses  471,490  467,688  Central Provident Fund contributions  31,616  27,158  Other short-term bene  fi  ts  34,354  72,000  Directors' fee  169,184  173,000  706,644  739,846  Comprise amounts paid to:  Fee to directors of the Company  169,184  173,000  Other key management personnel  537,460  566,846  706,644  739,846   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Key management personnel include the directors of the Company and those persons having authority and  responsibility  for  planning,  directing  and  controlling  the  activities  of  the  Group,  directly  or indirectly.

The  compensation  of  key  management  personnel,  except  for  directors'  fee,  is  included  in  the 'personnel  expenses'  line  item  of  pro fi t  or  loss  (Note  27).  Directors'  fee  is  included  in  the  'other operating expenses' line item of pro fi t or loss.

The remuneration of key management personnel is determined by the Remuneration Committee with reference to the performance of Group and the individuals, as well as the market trends.

## 30. Commitments

## (a) Expenditure commitments

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group  had  entered  into  non-cancellable  logistics  and  warehouse service agreements with non-related party. The service agreements had remaining expected term of approximately 1 year (2021: 2 years).

At  the  end  of  the  reporting  year,  the  total  of  future  expenditure  commitments  under  contractual service agreement is as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Not later than one year  336,720  295,850  Later than one year but not later than  fi  ve years  14,950  325,750  Total future expenditure commitments  351,670  621,600   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 30. Commitments (cont'd)

## (b) Operating lease commitments - as lessor

The Group has entered into sub-lease agreements on its leased premises to non-related parties. The non-cancellable leases have remaining lease terms of between 1 year to 3.8 years (2021: 2 years to 4.8 years).

Non-cancellable operating leases to be received after the end of the reporting date are as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Not later than one year  338,624  182,624  Later than one year but not later than  fi  ve years  747,036  526,660  Total undiscounted lease income  1,085,660  709,284   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (c) Corporate guarantees

Financial support has been given to certain subsidiaries having:

| Company  2022  2021  $  $  De  fi  ciencies in shareholders' funds  18,007,855  16,635,031  Current liabilities in excess of current assets  18,695,551  17,417,799   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 31. Fair values of fi nancial instruments

## Fair value of fi nancial instruments by classes that are not carried at fair value and whose carrying amounts are reasonable approximates of fair value

Management has determined  that  the  carrying  amounts  of  cash  and  cash  equivalents,  cash  pledged  as security, other fi nancial assets, trade and other receivables, trade and other payables and lease liabilities, based on their notional amounts, reasonably approximate their fair values because they are short-term in nature.

## 32. Financial risk management objectives and policies

The Group and the Company are exposed to fi nancial risks arising from its operations and the use of fi nancial instruments. The key fi nancial risks include credit risk and liquidity risk. The fi nancial risk on foreign currency risk,  interest  rate  risk  and  price  risk  is  not  signi fi cant. The Board of Directors reviews and approves policies and procedures for the management of these risks and they are summarised below. There has been no change to the Group's exposure to these fi nancial risks or the manner in which it manages and measures the risks.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 32. Financial risk management objectives and policies (cont'd)

## Credit risk

Credit risk is the risk of loss that may arise on outstanding fi nancial instruments should a counterparty default on its obligations. The Group's and the Company's exposure to credit risk arises primarily from trade and other receivables. For other fi nancial assets (including cash and cash equivalents, cash pledged as security and other fi nancial assets), the Group and the Company minimise credit risk by dealing only with recognised and creditworthy third parties.

The Group's objective is to seek continual revenue growth while minimising losses incurred due to increased credit  risk  exposure.  The  Group  trades  only  with  customers  of  appropriate  credit  history  and  obtaining su ffi cient security where appropriate to mitigate credit risk. In addition, receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis with the result that the Group's exposure to bad debts is not signi fi cant.

The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of asset and whether there has been a signi fi cant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period.

The Group has determined the default event on a fi nancial asset to be when the counterparty fails to make contractual payments, within 90 days when they fall due, which are derived based on the Company's historical information.

The  following  sets  out  the  Group's  internal  credit  evaluation  practices  and  basis  for  recognition  and measurement of expected credit losses ('ECL'):

| Description of evaluation of  fi  nancial assets  Basis for recognition and measurement of ECL  Counterparty has a low risk of default and does not  have any past due amounts  12-month ECL  Contractual  payments  are  more  than  30  days  past  due or where there has been a signi  fi  cant increase in  credit risk since initial recognition  Lifetime ECL - not credit-impaired  Contractual payments are more than 90 days past due  or there is evidence of credit impairment  Lifetime ECL - credit-impaired  There  is  evidence  indicating  that  the  Group  has  no  reasonable expectation of recovery of payments such  as when the debtor has been placed under liquidation  or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings  Write-o  ff   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Signi fi cant increase in credit risk

In assessing whether the credit risk on a fi nancial asset has increased signi fi cantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the fi nancial asset as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the fi nancial asset as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information, such as future economic and industry outlook, that is available without undue cost or e ff ort.

In particular, the Group considers the following information when assessing whether credit risk has increased signi fi cantly since initial recognition:

-  an actual or expected signi fi cant  deterioration  in  the  operating  results  /  key fi nancial  performance ratios of the debtor;
-  an  actual  or  expected  significant  adverse  change  in  the  regulatory,  economic,  or  technological environment of the debtor that results in a signi fi cant decrease in the debtor's ability to meet its debt obligations.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 32. Financial risk management objectives and policies (cont'd)

## Credit risk (cont'd)

The Group regularly monitors the e ff ectiveness  of  the  criteria  used  to  identify  whether  there  has  been  a signi fi cant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying signi fi cant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.

The Group also assumes that the credit risk on a fi nancial instrument has not increased signi fi cantly since initial recognition if the fi nancial asset is determined to have low credit risk at the end of the fi nancial year.

## De fi nition of default

The  Group  considers  an  event  of  default  for  internal  credit  risk  management  purpose.  Management considers that default has occurred when a fi nancial asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

## Credit-impaired fi nancial assets

A fi nancial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash fl ows of that fi nancial asset have occurred such as evidence that the trade and other receivables are in signi fi cant fi nancial di ffi culty, there is a breach of contract such as default or past due event; there is information that it is becoming probable that the trade and other receivables will enter bankruptcy or other fi nancial reorganisation; the disappearance of an active market for that fi nancial asset because of fi nancial di ffi culties;  or  the  purchase  or  origination  of  a fi nancial asset at a deep discount that re fl ects  the  incurred credit losses.

## Estimation techniques and signi fi cant assumptions

There has been no change in the estimation techniques or signi fi cant assumptions made during the current fi nancial year for recognition and measurement of credit loss allowances.

## Trade receivables

The Group provides for lifetime expected credit losses for all trade receivables, using a provision matrix. The provision rates are determined based on the Group's historical observed default rates analysed in accordance to  days  past  due  by  grouping  of  customers  with  similar  payment  patterns.  The  expected  credit  losses incorporate forward looking information such as forecast of economic conditions where the gross domestic product will deteriorate over the next year, leading to an increased number of defaults.

Information regarding loss allowance movement of trade receivables is disclosed in Note b 15 to the fi nancial statements.  During  the  current fi nancial  year,  no  allowance  for  expected  credit  loss  was  made  to  trade receivables from third parties.

As at 31 December 2022, approximately 48% (2021: 51%) of the Group's trade receivables were due from a single customer. Despite the signi fi cant percentage due from this single customer, the Group believes that there is no risk of default as the Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties.

## Other fi nancial assets at amortised cost

For other fi nancial assets at amortised cost, management has considered, among other factors (including forward-looking  information),  the  Group's  and  the  Company's  historical  loss  pattern  over  the  last  three fi nancial years to assess the expected credit loss.

The  Group  considers  both  quantitative  and  qualitative  information  that  is  reasonable  and  supportable, including historical payment experience and the corresponding historical credit loss rates, and adjusted for forward-looking macroeconomic factors.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 32. Financial risk management objectives and policies (cont'd)

## Credit risk (cont'd)

## Other fi nancial assets at amortised cost (cont'd)

These fi nancial  assets  are  assessed  as  credit-impaired  when  one  or  more  event  that  have  a  detrimental impact on the estimated future cash fl ows of that fi nancial assets have occurred. Evidence that a fi nancial asset  is  credit-impaired  includes  observable  data  about  events,  including  but  not  limited  to  signi fi cant fi nancial di ffi culty  of  the  trade  and  other  receivables  or  a  breach  of  contract,  such  as  default  or  past  due event.

The table below details the credit quality of the Group and the Company's fi nancial assets:

| Group  12-month or  lifetime ECL  Gross  carrying  amount  Loss  allowance  Net carrying  amount  2022  $  $  $  Cash and cash equivalents  N.A. Exposure Limited  6,642,404  -  6,642,404  Cash pledged as security  N.A. Exposure Limited  911,520  -  911,520  Trade and accrued receivables  Lifetime ECL  3,013,657  -  3,013,657  Other receivables  12-month ECL  16,543  -  16,543  Refundable deposits  N.A. Exposure Limited  432,070  -  432,070  Other  fi  nancial assets  N.A. Exposure Limited  1,980,560  -  1,980,560  2021  Cash and cash equivalents  N.A. Exposure Limited  9,473,762  -  9,473,762  Cash pledged as security  N.A. Exposure Limited  818,100  -  818,100  Trade and accrued receivables  Lifetime ECL  2,100,354  -  2,100,354  Other receivables  12-month ECL  20,224  -  20,224  Refundable deposits  N.A. Exposure Limited  597,249  -  597,249   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 32. Financial risk management objectives and policies (cont'd)

## Credit risk (cont'd)

Other fi nancial assets at amortised cost (cont'd)

| Company  12-month or  lifetime ECL  Gross  carrying  amount  Loss  allowance  Net carrying  amount  2022  $  $  $  Cash and cash equivalents  N.A. Exposure Limited  3,107,097  -  3,107,097  Amounts due from subsidiaries  Lifetime ECL  18,622,791  (18,318,651)  304,140  Refundable deposits  N.A. Exposure Limited  423,793  -  423,793  Other  fi  nancial assets  N.A. Exposure Limited  1,480,560  -  1,480,560  2021  Cash and cash equivalents  N.A. Exposure Limited  5,832,792  -  5,832,792  Amounts due from subsidiaries  Lifetime ECL  17,048,500  (16,938,103)  110,397  Refundable deposits  N.A. Exposure Limited  598,485  -  598,485   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Liquidity risk

Liquidity  risk  is  the  risk  that  the  Group  or  the  Company  will  encounter  di ffi culty  in  meeting fi nancial obligations  due  to  shortage  of  funds.  The  Group  monitors  its  liquidity  risk  and  maintains  a  level  of  cash and cash equivalents deemed adequate by management to fi nance the Group's operations and to mitigate the e ff ects of fl uctuations in cash fl ows. The Group ensures that it has su ffi cient  cash  on  demand to meet expected operational expenses, including the servicing of fi nancial obligations.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 32. Financial risk management objectives and policies (cont'd)

## Liquidity risk (cont'd)

Analysis of fi nancial instruments by remaining contractual maturities

The table below summarises the maturity pro fi le  of  the  Group's  and  the  Company's fi nancial  assets  used for managing liquidity risks and fi nancial liabilities  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  based on contractual undiscounted repayment obligations.

| One year or  less  One to  fi  ve  years  Total  $  $  $  Group  2022  Financial liabilities:  Trade payables  1,279,024  -  1,279,024  Other payables and accruals  1,863,572  -  1,863,572  Lease liabilities  1,317,612  7,810,282  9,127,894  Total undiscounted  fi  nancial liabilities  4,460,208  7,810,282  12,270,490  2021  Financial liabilities:  Trade payables  980,179  -  980,179  Other payables and accruals  1,961,667  -  1,961,667  Lease liabilities  1,317,612  5,050,848  6,368,460  Total undiscounted  fi  nancial liabilities  4,259,458  5,050,848  9,310,306  Company  2022  Financial liabilities:  Other payables and accruals  1,241,816  -  1,241,816  Lease liabilities  1,317,612  7,810,282  9,127,894  Total undiscounted  fi  nancial liabilities  2,559,428  7,810,282  10,369,710  2021  Financial liabilities:  Other payables and accruals  1,716,369  -  1,716,369  Lease liabilities  1,317,612  5,050,848  6,368,460  Total undiscounted  fi  nancial liabilities  3,033,981  5,050,848  8,084,829   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 33. Segment reporting

Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision-maker (the 'CODM').

The  Group  is  principally  engaged  in  the  business  of  operating  medical  clinics  in  Singapore.  Information reported to CODM, for the purpose of resources allocation and performance assessment, focuses on the operating results of the Group as a whole as the Group's resources are integrated and no discrete operating segment fi nancial information is available. Accordingly, no operating segment information is presented.

100% (2021: 100%) of the Group revenue were generated from external customers located in Singapore for the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021. All of the assets of the Group were located in Singapore as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021. Accordingly, no geographical segment analysis is presented.

The CODM considers medical services and other services as the sole segment.

Other  than  revenue  analysis  (Note  4),  no  operating  results  and  other  discrete fi nancial  information  is available for the assessment of performance and allocation of resources. Accordingly, other than entity-wide information, no analysis of this single operating segment is presented.

## 34. Capital management

The  Group  reviews  and  manages  its  capital  structure  to  maximise  shareholders'  returns  taking  into consideration the future capital requirements of the Group and capital e ffi ciency,  prevailing  and projected pro fi tability, projected operating cash fl ows, projected capital expenditures and projected strategic investment opportunities. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares. The capital of the Group consists of debt and equity items, and the Group's overall strategy remains unchanged from 2021.

## 35. Reclassi fi cation and comparative fi gures

## i) Reclassi fi cation

Certain classi fi cations have been re-presented to the previous year's fi nancial statements to enhance comparability  with  the  current  year's fi nancial  statements  and  to  conform  to  the  current  year's presentation.

As a result, certain line items have been amended on the consolidated statement of cash fl ows for the previous fi nancial year ended 31 December 2021. The items were reclassi fi ed as follows:

| Group  As previously  reported  Amount  reclassi  fi  ed  As  reclassi  fi  ed  2021  2021  2021  $  $  $  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  Cash  fl  ows from operating activities  Provision on reinstatement  -  197,000  197,000  Changes in operating assets and liabilities:  - Trade and other payables  692,901  (197,000)  495,901   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Apart from the above, there are no other reclassi fi cations to balance sheet as at 31 December 2021 and consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2021.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 35. Reclassi fi cation and comparative fi gures (cont'd)

- ii) Comparative fi gures

The consolidated fi nancial statements of the Group and the balance sheet and statement of changes in equity of the Company for the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2021 were audited by another fi rm of auditors whose report dated 31 March 2022 expressed an unmodi fi ed opinion.

## 36. Authorisation of fi nancial statements for issue

The consolidated fi nancial statements of the Group and the balance sheet and statement of changes in equity of the Company for the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022 were authorised for issue in accordance with a resolution of the directors dated 5 April 2023.

## Statistics of Shareholdings

As at 15 March 2023

Issued &amp; Paid-Up Capital :

S$33,284,436.50

Number &amp; Class of Shares (Excluding Treasury Shares)

:

1,119,522,270 Ordinary Shares

Voting Rights

:

One Vote per Ordinary Share

Treasury Shares &amp; Percentage :

100,000 Ordinary Shares (0.01%)

## DISTRIBUTION OF SHAREHOLDINGS

| Size of Shareholdings  No of shareholders  %  No of shares  %  1 - 99  6  0.22  202  0.00  100 - 1,000  108  4.05  84,903  0.01  1,001 - 10,000  817  30.63  4,975,180  0.44  10,001 - 1,000,000  1,651  61.90  246,366,219  22.01  1,000,001 and above  85  3.19  868,095,766  77.54  GRAND TOTAL  2,667  100.00  1,119,522,270  100.00   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## LIST OF 20 LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS

| No.  Name  No. of Shares  %  1  LUYE MEDICAL GROUP PTE LTD  512,098,062  45.74  2  UNITED OVERSEAS BANK NOMINEES P L  57,624,598  5.15  3  DBS NOMINEES PTE LTD  41,841,400  3.74  4  PHILLIP SECURITIES PTE LTD  14,066,900  1.26  5  MAYBANK SECURITIES PTE. LTD.  13,070,800  1.17  6  ANG KIM JOO MATTHEW  8,268,400  0.74  7  CITIBANK NOMS SPORE PTE LTD  8,252,000  0.74  8  KONG YUEN HO  7,790,000  0.70  9  LEE CHYE ONN @SOW CHYE ONN  7,499,000  0.67  10  LISTIAWATI  7,454,000  0.67  11  ANG HAO YAO (HONG HAOYAO)  6,388,800  0.57  12  RAFFLES NOMINEES(PTE) LIMITED  6,162,500  0.55  13  LOO TIONG KHENG  6,099,900  0.54  14  TOK BOON CHOO  6,008,200  0.54  15  OCBC SECURITIES PRIVATE LTD  5,906,900  0.53  16  OCBC NOMINEES SINGAPORE PTE LTD  5,452,600  0.49  17  TAN LYE SENG  5,142,900  0.46  18  DBS VICKERS SECURITIES (S) PTE LTD  4,520,000  0.40  19  ANG AH LEK @AN AH LEK  4,500,000  0.40  20  TAN KAI SENG  4,400,000  0.39  b  TOTAL  732,546,960  65.45   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SHAREHOLDINGS HELD BY THE PUBLIC

Percentage of shareholdings held by the public is approximately 54.26%, and therefore, Rule 723 of the Listing Manual (Section B: Rules of Catalist) of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited

## Statistics of Shareholdings

As at 15 March 2023

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS

(As shown in the Register of Substantial Shareholders)

| Direct Interest  Deemed Interest  No. of Shares  % (1)  No. of Shares  % (1)  Luye Medical Group Pte. Ltd.  (2)  512,098,062  45.74  -  -  Luye Medical Investment Pte. Ltd.  (3)  -  -  512,098,062  45.74  Luye Life Sciences Group Ltd  (4)  -  -  512,098,062  45.74  Nelumbo Investments Limited  (5)(7)  -  -  512,098,062  45.74  Ginkgo (PTC) Limited  (6)(8)  -  -  512,098,062  45.74  Shorea LBG  (8)  -  -  512,098,062  45.74  The Asoka Trust  (7)  -  -  512,098,062  45.74  Liu Dianbo  (7)(8)  -  -  512,098,062  45.74  Wang Cuilian  (7)  -  -  512,098,062  45.74  Aona Liu  (7)  -  -  512,098,062  45.74  Alina W Liu  (7)  -  -  512,098,062  45.74   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

- (1) Based on 1,119,522,270 issued shares (excluding 100,000 treasury shares and nil subsidiary holdings) of the Company.
- (2) Luye Medical Group Pte. Ltd. (' LMGPL ') holds its shares in the Company directly.
- (3) Luye Medical Investment Pte. Ltd. holds 100% of the issued and paid-up share capital LMGPL and is deemed to have an interest in the Shares held by LMGPL by virtue of Section 4 of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (' SFA ').
- (4) Luye Life Sciences Group Ltd holds 100% of the issued and paid-up share capital of Luye Medical Investment Pte. Ltd.. Luye Medical Investment Pte. Ltd. is deemed to have an interest in the Shares held by LMGPL by virtue of Section 4 of the SFA. Accordingly, Luye Life Sciences Group Ltd is deemed to have an interest in the Shares held by LMGPL by virtue of Section 4 of the SFA.
- (5) Nelumbo Investments Limited holds 70% of the issued and paid up share capital of Luye Life Sciences Group Ltd. Luye Life Sciences Group Ltd is deemed to have an interest in the Shares held by LMGPL by virtue of Section 4 of the SFA. Accordingly, Nelumbo Investments Limited is deemed to have an interest in the Shares held by LMGPL by virtue of Section 4 of the SFA.
- (6) The shares representing 100% of the issued and paid up share capital of Nelumbo Investments Limited are held by Ginkgo (PTC) Limited as trustee of The Asoka Trust. Nelumbo Investments Limited is deemed to have an interest in the Shares held by LMGPL by virtue of Section 4 of the SFA. Accordingly, Ginkgo (PTC) Limited is deemed to have an interest in the Shares held by LMGPL by virtue of Section 4 of the SFA.
- (7) The shares representing 100% of the issued and paid up share capital of Nelumbo Investments Limited are the trust property of The Asoka Trust. The settlor of The Asoka Trust is Mr Liu Dianbo. The bene fi ciaries of The Asoka Trust are Mr Liu Dianbo, his spouse Mdm Wang Cuilian, and his daughters Ms Aona Liu and Ms Alina W Liu. Nelumbo Investments Limited is deemed to  have an interest in the Shares held by LMGPL by virtue of Section 4 of the SFA. Accordingly, The Asoka Trust and the bene fi ciaries of The Asoka Trust are deemed to have an interest in the Shares held by LMGPL by virtue of Section 4 of the SFA.
- (8) Shorea LBG holds 100% of the issued and paid up share capital of Ginkgo (PTC) Limited and is in turn wholly-owned by Mr Liu Dianbo. Ginkgo (PTC) Limited is deemed to have an interest in the Shares held by LMGPL by virtue of Section 4 of the SFA. Accordingly, each of Shorea LBG and Mr Liu Dianbo are deemed to be indirectly interested in the Shares that Ginkgo (PTC) Limited has an interest in.

## Notice of Annual General Meeting

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that  the Annual General Meeting (' AGM ')  of  AsiaMedic Limited (the b ' Company ')  will  be held by electronic means on Saturday, 29 April 2023 at 9.30 a.m. to transact the following businesses:

## ORDINARY BUSINESS

1. To receive and adopt the audited fi nancial statements of the Company and the Group for the fi nancial year ended 31 b December 2022 and the Directors' Statement and Auditors' Report thereon. (Resolution 1)
2. To  re-elect  Mr  Chua  Keng  Woon,  a  Director  retiring  pursuant  to  Regulation  89  of  the  Constitution  of  the Company. (Resolution 2)
3. To  re-elect  Mr  Leong  Yew  Meng,  a  Director  retiring  pursuant  to  Regulation  89  of  the  Constitution  of  the Company. (Resolution 3)
4. To approve Directors' fee of S$169,184 for the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: S$173,000). (Resolution 4)
5. To re-appoint Messrs Baker Tilly TFW LLP as Auditors of the Company and to authorize the Directors to fi x their remuneration. (Resolution 5)

## SPECIAL BUSINESS

To consider and if thought fi t, pass the following resolutions as Ordinary Resolutions, with or without modi fi cations:

## 6. Authority to issue Shares and Instruments convertible into Shares

'That  pursuant  to  Section  161  of  the  Companies  Act  1967  (the  ' Act ')  and  Rule  806  of  the  Listing  Manual (Section B: Rules of Catalist) (the ' Catalist Rules ')  of  the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the ' SGX-ST '), approval be and is hereby given to the Directors of the Company, to:

- (a) (i) issue ordinary shares in the capital of the Company (the ' Shares ')  whether by way of rights, bonus or otherwise; and/or
- (ii) make or grant o ff ers,  agreements or options (collectively, ' Instruments ')  that  might  or  would require Shares to be issued including but not limited to the creation and issue of (as well as adjustments  to)  warrants,  debentures  or  other  instruments  convertible  into  Shares,  at  any time and upon such terms and conditions and for such purposes and to such persons as the Directors in their absolute discretion deem fi t;
- (b) issue Shares in pursuance of any Instruments made or granted by the Directors while the authority was in force (notwithstanding the authority conferred by this Resolution may have ceased to be in force) provided always that:
- (I) the aggregate number of Shares to be issued pursuant to this Resolution (including Shares to be issued in pursuance of Instruments made or granted pursuant to this Resolution) does not exceed 100% of the total number of issued Shares, excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings, of which the aggregate number of Shares and convertible securities to be issued other than on a pro rata basis to existing shareholders of the Company does not exceed 50% of the total  number of issued Shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings, and for the purpose of this Resolution, the total number of issued Shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings shall be the Company's total number of issued Shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings at the time this Resolution is passed, after adjusting for:
- (a) new Shares arising from the conversion or exercise of convertible securities;

## Notice of

## Annual General Meeting

- (b) new Shares arising from exercising share options or vesting of share awards provided the options or awards were granted in compliance with Part VIII of Chapter 8 of the Catalist Rules; and
- (c) any subsequent bonus issue, consolidation or subdivision of Shares;

whereby adjustments in accordance with (a) or (b) are only to be made in respect of new shares arising  from  convertible  securities,  share  options  or  share  awards  which  were  issued  and outstanding or subsisting at the time of the passing of this Resolution; and

- (ii) in  exercising  the  authority  conferred  by  this  Resolution,  the  Company  shall  comply  with  the provisions of the Catalist Rules for the time being in force (unless such compliance has been waived by the SGX-ST or the Monetary Authority of Singapore) and the Constitution for the time being of the Company;
- (iii) in  this  Resolution,  'subsidiary  holdings'  shall  have  the  meaning  ascribed  to  it  in  the  Catalist Rules; and
- (iv) such authority shall, unless revoked or varied by the Company at a general meeting, continue in force until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting or the date by which the next annual general meeting of the Company is required by law to be held, whichever is the earlier;
- (c) the Directors be and are hereby authorised to do any and all acts which they deem necessary and expedient in connection with paragraphs (a) and (b) above.'

(Resolution 6)

## 7. Proposed Renewal of the Share Purchase Mandate

'THAT:

- (1) for the purposes of Sections 76C and 76E of the Act, the exercise by the Directors of the Company of all the powers of the Company to purchase or acquire Shares not exceeding in aggregate the Maximum Percentage (as de fi ned below), at such price or prices as may be determined by the Directors from time to time up to the Maximum Price (as de fi ned below), whether by way of:
2. (a) on-market purchases on the SGX-ST (' On-Market Purchase '); and/or
3. (b) o ff -market purchases (if e ff ected otherwise than on the SGX-ST) in accordance with any equal access scheme(s) as may be determined or formulated by the Directors as they consider fi t, which scheme(s) shall satisfy all the conditions prescribed by the Act (' O ff -Market Purchase '),

and otherwise in accordance with all other laws regulations and rules of the SGX-ST as may for the time being be applicable, be and is hereby authorised and approved generally and unconditionally (the ' Share Purchase Mandate ');

- (2) unless varied or revoked by the Company in general meeting, the authority conferred on the Directors of  the  Company  pursuant  to  the  Share  Purchase  Mandate  may  be  exercised  by  the  Directors  at any time and from time to time during the period commencing from the date of the passing of this Resolution and expiring on the earliest of:
2. (a) the date on which the next annual general meeting of the Company is held;
3. (b) the date by which the next annual general meeting of the Company is required by law to be held;
4. (c) the  date  when  such  mandate  is  revoked  or  varied  by  the  Shareholders  of  the  Company  in general meeting; or

## Notice of Annual General Meeting

- (d) the date on which the share purchase is carried out to the full extent mandated,

(the ' Relevant Period ').

- (3) in this Resolution:

' Maximum Percentage ' means that number of issued Shares representing 10.0% of the total number of issued Shares as at the date of the passing of this Resolution (excluding any Shares which are held as treasury shares or subsidiary holdings as at that date); and

' Maximum Price '  in  relation to a Share to be purchased or otherwise acquired, means the purchase price as determined by the Directors (excluding brokerage, commission, applicable goods and services tax, stamp duties, clearance fees and other related expenses) and not exceeding:

- (a) in  the  case  of  an  On-Market  Purchase,  105.0%  of  the  average  closing  market  price.  For  this purpose, the average closing market price is:
- (i) the average of the closing market prices of the Shares over the last fi ve (5) Market Days (on which transactions in the Shares were recorded) immediately before the date of the On-Market Purchase by the Company; and
- (ii) deemed to be adjusted for any corporate action that occurs during the relevant fi ve (5) Market Day period and the day on which the purchases are made; and
- (b) in the case of an O ff -Market Purchase, 105.0% of the highest price at which a Share is transacted on the SGX-ST on the Market Day (when transactions in the Shares are recorded) immediately preceding the date on which the Company announces an O ff -Market Purchase o ff er stating the purchase price and the relevant terms of the equal access scheme,

(the ' Maximum Price ') in either case, excluding related expenses of the share purchase.

- (4) the Directors of the Company and/or any of them be and are hereby authorised to complete and do all  such  acts  and  things  (including  executing  all  such  documents  as  may  be  required)  as  they  and/ or he may consider expedient or necessary or in the interests of the Company to give e ff ect  to  the transactions contemplated and/or authorised by this Resolution. (Resolution 7)

## 8. Authority to grant options and to allot and issue shares under the AsiaMedic Employee Share Option Scheme 2016

'That the Directors of the Company be and are hereby authorised to o ff er and grant options in accordance with the provisions of the AsiaMedic Share Option Scheme 2016 (the ' AsiaMedic ESOS ') and to allot and issue from time to time such number of shares as may be required to be issued pursuant to the exercise of the options under the AsiaMedic ESOS provided always that the aggregate number of shares in respect of which options may be granted under the AsiaMedic ESOS shall not exceed 15% of the total issued capital (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) of the Company on the day preceding the relevant date of grant of option, and when added to the number of shares issued and issuable and/or transferred and transferable in respect of (a) all shares available under the AsiaMedic ESOS and (b) all shares, options or awards granted under the AsiaMedic Share Award Scheme or any other share option scheme, share award scheme or share incentive scheme of the Company then in force, shall not exceed 25% of the issued share capital (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) of the Company on the day preceding the relevant date of grant of option, and subject to such adjustments as may be made to the AsiaMedic ESOS as result of any variation in the capital structure of the Company.' (Resolution 8)

## Notice of

## Annual General Meeting

## 9. Proposed renewal of the IPT General Mandate

'THAT:

- (a) approval be and is hereby given, for the purposes of Chapter 9 of the Catalist Rules, for the renewal of the IPT General Mandate (which was obtained at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on 24 April 2017) for the Company and/or its Subsidiaries, to enter into any of the transactions falling  within  the  types  of  Interested  Person  Transactions  described  in  Appendix  B  attached  to  the Annual Report with any party who falls within the classes of interested persons as described in the Appendix B, provided that such transactions are made on normal commercial terms and in accordance with the review procedures for the Interested Person Transactions as set out in the Appendix B (the ' IPT General Mandate ');
- (b) the IPT General Mandate shall, unless revoked or varied by the Company in general meeting, continue in force until the next annual general meeting of the Company is held or is required by law to be held; and
- (c) the Directors be and are hereby authorised to take such steps, approve all matters and enter into all  such  transactions, arrangements and agreements and execute all such documents and notices as may be necessary or expedient for the purposes of giving e ff ect to the IPT General Mandate as such Directors or any of them may deem fi t or expedient or to give e ff ect to this Resolution.' (Resolution 9)

## ANY OTHER BUSINESS

10. To transact any other business which may be properly transacted at an annual general meeting.

Dated this 14 April 2023

BY ORDER OF THE BOARD Foo Soon Soo (Ms) Company Secretary

## EXPLANATORY NOTES:

- (i) Resolution 2 - Mr Chua Keng Woon will upon re-election, remain as the Chairman of the Nominating Committee and a member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee. He is considered independent for the purpose of Rule 704(7) of the Catalist Rules. Detailed information on Mr Chua as required under Rule 704(7) of the Catalist Rules can be found in the Company's Annual Report 2022.
- (ii) Resolution 3 - Mr Leong Yew Meng will upon re-election, remain as the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and a member of the Nominating Committee. He is considered independent for the purpose of Rule 704(7) of the Catalist Rules. Detailed information on Mr Leong as required under Rule 704(7) of the Catalist Rules can be found in the Company's Annual Report 2022.
- (iii) Resolution 6 - If passed, will enable the Directors to issue shares in the Company up to 100% of the total number of issued shares and instruments convertible into shares excluding treasury shares in the capital of the Company (in the case of issuance other than on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders, such aggregate number of shares not to exceed 50% of the total number of issued shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings in the capital of the Company) for such purposes as they consider to be in the interests of the Company.
- (iv) Resolution 7 - If passed, will empower the Directors, to repurchase Shares by way of on-market purchases or o ff -market purchases of up to 10% of the issued ordinary share capital of the Company (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) at such price up to the Maximum Price during the Relevant Period. Information relating to this proposed Resolution is set out in Appendix A attached to the Annual Report.

## Notice of Annual General Meeting

- (v) Resolution 8 - If passed, will empower the Directors to o ff er  and  grant  options  in  accordance  with  the  AsiaMedic Share Option Scheme 2016 and to allot and issue shares in the capital of the Company pursuant to the exercise of options under such scheme which shall not exceed 15% of the total issued capital (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) of the Company on the day preceding the relevant date of grant of option, and when added to the number of shares issued under any other share incentive schemes or share plans adopted by the Company shall not shall not exceed 25% of the issued share capital (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) of the Company on the day preceding the relevant date of grant of option.
- (vi) Resolution 9 - If passed, will allow the Company and/or its Subsidiaries to enter into transactions with interested persons as de fi ned in Chapter 9 of the Catalist Rules of the SGX-ST. Please refer to Appendix B attached to the Annual Report for more information on the scope of the IPT General Mandate.

## Special Notice Regarding Measures to Minimise Risk of Community Spread of 2019 Novel Coronavirus ('COVID-19')

This Annual General Meeting (' AGM ')  is  convened,  and will  be  held,  by  electronic  means pursuant to the COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) (Alternative Arrangements for Meeting for Companies, Variable Capital Companies, Business Trusts, Unit Trusts and Debenture Holders) Order 2020 (' COVID-19 Order 2020 ').  Printed copies of the Annual Report 2022 will not be sent to members but will be published on SGXNet and on the Company's website at: www.asiamedic.com.sg.

Alternative arrangements have been made for shareholders to participate in the AGM proceedings via electronic means are set out below.

## A. Live AGM Webcast:

1. Shareholders (including CPF and SRS investors) or their duly appointed proxies may participate in the AGM proceedings through the Live AGM Webcast or listen in on the live audio-only stream. To do so, shareholders will need to register via the link: https://registration.ryt-poll.com/home/index/asiamedic-agm (the ' Registration Link '). The Registration Link will open for registration at 9.30 a.m. on 14 April 2023 until 9.30 a.m. on 26 April 2023 (the ' Registration Deadline ') to enable the Company to verify their status.
2. Following the veri fi cation, authenticated shareholders or their duly appointed proxies will receive an email by 9.30 a.m. on 28 April 2023 containing instructions on how to access the live audio-visual webcast or the live audio- only stream of the AGM proceedings, how to submit questions live and online (in real time) and how to vote live and online (in real time).
3. Shareholders must not forward the abovementioned instructions to other persons who are not shareholders of the Company and who are not entitled to attend the AGM.
4. Shareholders who register by the Registration Deadline but do not receive an email response by 9.30 a.m. on 28 April 2023 may contact the Company's Share Registrar at the email address: sharereg@kckcs.com.sg.

## B. Voting at the AGM

1. Voting for all resolutions will be conducted by a poll. Voting at the AGM may be carried out in one of two ways, by:
2. (a) a member or its duly appointed proxy(ies) live and online (in real time).
3. (b) submitting a proxy form (in advance of the AGM) appointing the Chairman of the meeting to cast votes, or abstain from voting, on their behalf. Please note that the proxy form appointing the Chairman of the meeting must be directed, i.e., the shareholder must indicate for each Resolution whether the Chairman of the meeting is to vote 'for' or 'against' or 'abstain' from voting.
2. The proxy form, (which can be accessed on SGXNet or the Company's website at the link: www.asiamedic.com.sg) duly completed and signed, must be submitted in one of the following manner:
5. (a) if submitted by post, be deposited at the Company's Share Registrar O ffi ce, KCK CorpServe Pte. Ltd. at 1 Ra ffl es Place, #04-63 One Ra ffl es Place, Singapore 048616; or
6. (b) if submitted electronically, be submitted via email to: aml-meetings@asiamedic.com.sg.

in either case, by no later than 9.30 a.m. on 26 April 2023, being 72 hours before the time fi xed for the holding of the AGM at 9.30 a.m. on 29 April 2023.

## Notice of

## Annual General Meeting

## 3. CPF OR SRS investors may:

- (a) vote live and online (in real time) at the AGM if they are appointed as proxies by their respective CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators, and should contact their respective CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators if they have any queries regarding their appointment as proxies; or
- (b) appoint the Chairman of the meeting as proxy to vote on their behalf at the AGM, in which case they should contact and instruct their respective CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators at least seven (7) working days before the AGM to allow su ffi cient time for their respective relevant intermediaries to, in turn, submit a proxy form to appoint the Chairman of the meeting to vote on their behalf by the cut-o ff date by 9.30 a.m. on 19 April 2023.

## C. Live questions during the AGM

1. Shareholders (or their duly appointed proxies) who participate by way of observing the live audio-visual webcast or live  audio-only stream of the AGM proceedings may ask questions live and online (in real time) during the AGM by submitting their questions online via the Registration Link: https://registration.ryt-poll.com/home/index/asiamedic-agm. Shareholders may also submit questions in advance of the AGM to: aml-meetings@asiamedic.com.sg.
2. The  directors  of  the  Company  will  endeavour  to  address  as  many  as  possible  substantial  and  relevant  questions submitted in advance and online during the AGM. However, Shareholders should note that there may not be su ffi cient time available at the AGM to address all questions raised. Please note that questions and individual responses will not be sent to Shareholders.
3. The  Company will  also  publish  the  minutes  of  the  AGM  (which  will  include  all  responses  to  questions,  which  are substantial and relevant to the resolutions as set out in the Notice of the AGM, submitted live and online during the AGM) on the SGXNet and the Company's website within one month after the date of the AGM.

## Notes on AGM (these notes are to be read in conjunction with the Special Notice Regarding Measures to Minimize Risk of Community Spread of COVID-19):

1. Except for a member who is a Relevant Intermediary as de fi ned under Section 181(6) of the Companies Act 1967, a member is entitled to appoint not more than two (2) proxies to participate in the AGM to be held electronically via a live-audio visual webcast. Where a member appoints more than one (1) proxy, the proportion of his/her shareholding to be represented by each proxy must be speci fi ed in each of the proxy forms. As this AGM is held by electronic means, pursuant to the COVID-19 Order 2020, members should note that if they themselves or their duly appointed proxies are not participating at the AGM to vote live and online, the only person they can appoint as proxy to vote on their behalf at the AGM is the Chairman of the meeting. Please be reminded that in that case, the proxy form appointing the Chairman of the meeting must be directed, i.e., the shareholder must indicate for each resolution whether the Chairman of the meeting is directed to vote 'for' or 'against' or 'abstain'.
2. Pursuant to Section 181(1C) of the Companies Act 1967, any member who is a Relevant Intermediary is entitled to appoint more than two (2) proxies to participate in the AGM, but each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a di ff erent Share or Shares held by such member. Where a member who is a Relevant Intermediary appoints more than two (2) proxies, the number and class of Shares in relation to which each proxy has been appointed must be speci fi ed in the relevant proxy form. As this AGM is held by electronic means, pursuant to the COVID-19 Order 2020, members who are Relevant Intermediaries should note that if the relevant CPR and or SRS investors have not requested for themselves to be appointed proxies to participate in the AGM and vote live and online, the only person Relevant Intermediaries can appoint as proxy to vote on their behalf at the AGM is the Chairman of the meeting. Please be reminded that in that case, the proxy form appointing the Chairman of the meeting must be directed, i.e., the shareholder must indicate for each Resolution whether the Chairman of the meeting is directed to vote 'for' or 'against' or 'abstain'.
3. The duly executed proxy form appointing a proxy(ies) must be sent by post to KCK CorpServe Pte. Ltd. at 1 Ra ffl es Place, #0463 One Ra ffl es Place, Singapore 048616 or submitted via email to: aml-meetings@asiamedic.com.sg by 9.30 a.m. on 26 April 2023.
4. The proxy form appointing a proxy(ies) must be signed by the appointor or his attorney duly authorised in writing. Where a proxy form is executed by a corporation, it must be executed either under its common seal or under the hand of any o ffi cer or attorney duly authorised. A copy of the power of attorney or such other authority must be submitted together with the duly executed proxy form(s).
5. A depositor's name must appear in the Depository Register (as de fi ned in Section 81SF of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore) maintained by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited not later than seventy-two (72) hours before the time set for the AGM in order for the depositor to be entitled to participate and vote at the AGM either live and online or by proxy.

## PERSONAL DATA PRIVACY:

By submitting an instrument appointing the Chairman of the meeting as proxy to vote at the Meeting and/or any adjournment thereof,  a  member  of  the  Company  (i)  consents  to  the  collection,  use  and  disclosure  of  the  member's  personal  data  by  the Company (or its agents) for the purpose of the processing and administration by the Company (or its agents) of proxies and representatives  appointed  for  the  Meeting  (including  any  adjournment  thereof)  and  the  preparation  and  compilation  of  the attendance lists, minutes and other documents relating to the Meeting (including any adjournment thereof), and in order for the Company (or its agents) to comply with any applicable laws, listing rules, regulations and/or guidelines (collectively, the ' Purposes '), (ii)  warrants  that  where  the  member  discloses  the  personal  data  of  the  member's  proxy(ies)  and/or  representative(s)  to  the Company (or its agents), the member has obtained the prior consent of such proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) for the collection, use and disclosure by the Company (or its agents) of the personal data of such proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) for the Purposes, and (iii)  agrees that the member will indemnify the Company in respect of any penalties, liabilities, claims, demands, losses and damages as a result of the member's breach of warranty.

## SPONSOR STATEMENT:

This announcement has been reviewed by the Company's Sponsor, Xandar Capital Pte Ltd. It has not been examined or approved by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited ('SGX-ST') and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the contents of this announcement, including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this announcement. The  contact  person  for  the  Sponsor  is  Ms  Pauline  Sim  (Registered  Professional)  at  3  Shenton  Way,  #24-02  Shenton  House, Singapore 068805. Telephone number: (65) 6319 4954.

## Notice of Annual General Meeting

## Additional Information on Directors Seeking Re-Election

Pursuant to Rule 720(5) of the Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist of the SGX-ST (the 'Catalist Rules'), the information relating to the Retiring Director as set out in Appendix 7F of the Catalist Rules is as set out below:

| Name of Director  Mr Leong Yew Meng  Mr Chua Keng Woon  Date of Appointment  16 July 2020  15 August 2018  Date of last re-appointment  (if applicable)  29 April 2021  19 June 2020  Age  64  51  Country of principal residence  Singapore  Singapore  The Board's comments on this  appointment (including rationale,  selection criteria, and the search  and nomination process)  The re-election of Mr Leong  as Independent Director was  recommended by the Nominating  Committee and approved by  the Board, after taking into  consideration his quali  fi  cations,  expertise, past experience and  overall contribution since he was  appointed as a Director  The re-election of Mr Chua  as Independent Director was  recommended by the Nominating  Committee and approved by  the Board, after taking into  consideration his quali  fi  cations,  expertise, past experience and  overall contribution since he was  appointed as a Director  Whether appointment is  executive, and if so, the area of  responsibility  Non-executive  Non-executive  Job Title (e.g. Lead ID, AC  Chairman, AC Member etc.)    Independent Director    Chairman of the Remuneration  Committee    Member of the Nominating  Committee    Independent Director    Chairman of the Nominating  Committee    Member of the Audit and Risk  Management Committee  Professional quali  fi  cations    Bachelor of Mechanical  Engineering (2nd Class  Lower), National University of  Singapore    Master of Business  Administration, National  University of Singapore    Advanced Management  Program, Wharton School,  University of Pennsylvania    Understanding the Modern  China' program by Tsinghua  University (Beijing) and Fudan  University (Shanghai), 2006  Bachelor of Business   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Additional Information on Directors Seeking Re-Election

| Name of Director  Mr Leong Yew Meng  Mr Chua Keng Woon  Working experience and  occupation(s) during the past  10 years  2017-2019  CEO, Shanghai Fosun Hospital  Management (Group) Co., Ltd  2016-2017  CEO (Greater China &amp; North Asia),  Parkway Pantai Limited  2015-2015  Regional Practice Leader/  Consultant, FranklinCovey  2009-2014  CEO, National Healthcare Group  Polyclinics, Singapore  2018 - 2019  Advisor, Secured Capital Pte Ltd  2008 - 2016  Senior Director, Equity Capital  Market, Canaccord Genuity  Singapore Pte Ltd  Shareholding interest in the listed  issuer and its subsidiaries  Nil  Nil  Any  b  relationship  b  (including  immediate family relationships)  b  with any  b  existing  b  director, existing  executive o  ffi  cer, the issuer  b  and/  or substantial shareholder of  the listed issuer or of any of its  principal subsidiaries  No  No  Con  fl  ict of interest (including any  competing business)  No  No  Undertaking (in the format set out  in  b  Appendix 7H) under  b  Rule 720(1)  has been submitted to the listed  issuer  Yes  Yes  Other Principal Commitments*  Including Directorships  * 'Principal Commitments' has the  same meaning as de  fi  ned in the  Code  Past (for the last 5 years)  Nil  Nil  Present  Woodbridge Hospital Charity Fund  Independent director of Hai Leck  Holdings Limited (listed company)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Mr Leong and Mr Chua had provided a negative response to items (a) to (k) of Appendix 7.4.1 of the Catalist Rules.

<!-- image -->

GLYPH&lt;c=9,font=/FFHDOJ+Wingdings2&gt;

## ASIAMEDIC LIMITED

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore) Company Registration No.: 197401556E

## PROXY FORM

Please read notes overleaf before completing this Form.

## IMPORTANT:

This Proxy Form is not valid for use by investors who hold ordinary shares in the Company ('Shares') through relevant intermediaries (as de fi ned in Section 181 of the Companies Act, Chapter  50  of  Singapore),  including  CPF  and  SRS  investors,  and  shall  be  ine ff ective  for  all intents and purposes if used or purported to be used by them. CPF and SRS investors who are not participating in the AGM to vote live and online but wish to vote, should approach their respective CPF Agent Banks and SRS Operators to submit their votes at least seven (7) working days before the AGM (that is, by 19 April 2023). Other investors holding shares in the Company through relevant intermediaries who have not requested the relevant intermediaries to appoint themselves as proxies to participate at the AGM to vote live and online but wish to vote should approach their relevant intermediaries as soon as possible to specify voting instructions.

## PERSONAL DATA PRIVACY

By submitting an instrument appointing the Chairman of the Meeting as proxy, the member accepts and agrees to the personal data privacy terms set out in the Notice of Annual General Meeting.

*I/We (name) (*NRIC/passport/company registration no.) of (address) being a *member/members of AsiaMedic Limited (the ' Company ') hereby appoint:-

Name

Address

*and/or (delete as appropriate)

Name

Address

Email Address #

Email Address #

NRIC/

Passport No.

NRIC/

Passport No.

Proportion of Shareholdings to be represented by proxy

No. of Shares

%

Proportion of Shareholdings to be represented by proxy

No. of Shares

%

or failing him/her/them, the Chairman of the Annual General Meeting (' AGM ')  as  *my/our proxy to attend, speak and vote for *my/our behalf at the AGM of the Company (' AGM ') to be held by way of electronic means on Saturday, 29 April 2023 at 9.30 a.m. and at any adjournment thereof in the manner set out below.

* Please delete accordingly.
- # Appointed proxy(ies) will be prompted via email after the receipt of a validly complete and executed Proxy Form to pre-register via the URL https://registration.ryt-poll.com/home/index/asiamedic-agm to access the live AGM Webcast.

| No.  Ordinary Resolutions  For**  Against**  Abstain**  1  Adoption  of  the  audited  fi  nancial  statements  of  the  Company  and  the  Group  for  the  fi  nancial  year  ended  31  December  2022  and  the  Directors' Statement and Auditors' Report thereon  2  Re-election  of  Mr  Chua  Keng  Woon  as  Director  retiring  pursuant  to  Regulation 89 of the Company's Constitution  3  Re-election  of  Mr  Leong  Yew  Meng  as  Director  retiring  pursuant  to  Regulation 89 of the Company's Constitution  4  Approval of Directors' fee for the  fi  nancial year ended 31 December  2022  5  Re-appointment of Baker Tilly TFW LLP as Auditors  6  Authority to issue shares and instruments convertible into shares  7  Renewal of the Share Purchase Mandate  8  Authority  to  grant  options  and  to  allot  and  issue  shares  under  the  AsiaMedic Employee Share Option Scheme 2016  9  Renewal of the IPT General Mandate   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

** Voting will be conducted by poll. If you wish to exercise all your votes 'For', 'Against' or to 'Abstain', please indicate with a ' ✓ ' within the box provided. Alternatively, please indicate the number of votes as appropriate.

Dated this day of 2023

Signature(s) of member(s) / Common Seal

Total No. of Shares held

In Depository Register

In Register of Members

No. of Shares

## Notes:

1. This Proxy Form is not valid for use by investors who hold Shares through relevant intermediaries (as de fi ned in  Section  181  of  the  Companies Act 1967), including CPF and SRS investors, and shall be ine ff ective for all intents and purposes if used or purported to be used by them. CPF and SRS investors should approach their respective SRS Operators at least seven working days before the AGM to specify voting instructions. Other investors holding shares in the Company through relevant intermediaries who wish to vote should approach their relevant intermediaries as soon as possible to specify voting instructions.
2. Please insert the total number of Shares held by you. If you have Shares entered against your name in the Depository Register (maintained by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited), you should insert that number of Shares in the box provided next to Depository Register. If you have Shares registered in your name in the Register of Members (maintained by or on behalf of the Company), you should insert that number of Shares in the box provided next to Register of Members.
3. The proxy need not be a member of the Company.
4. The  instrument  appointing  the  proxy  must  be  deposited  with  the  Company  (i)  via  post  to  the  Share Registrar  at  KCK  CorpServe  Pte.  Ltd.,  1  Ra ffl es  Place,  #04-63  One  Ra ffl es  Place,  Singapore  048616,  or  the Company's registered  o ffi ce  at  350  Orchard  Road  #08-00,  Shaw  House,  Singapore  238868;  or  (ii)  email  to aml-meetings@asiamedic.com.sg; and received by the Company not less than seventy-two (72) hours before the time for holding of the AGM.
5. Where an instrument appointing the proxy is sent by post, it must be under the hand of the appointor or of his  attorney duly authorised in writing and where such instrument is executed by a corporation, it must be executed either under its seal or under the hand of an o ffi cer or attorney duly authorised.

Where  an  instrument  appointing  the  proxy  is  submitted  by  email,  it  must  be  authorised  by  way  of  the appointor or his duly authorised attorney or, as the case may be, an o ffi cer or duly authorised attorney of a corporation signing the instrument under hand and submitting a scanned copy of the signed instrument by email.

Where an instrument appointing the proxy is  signed  or,  as  the  case  may  be,  authorised  on  behalf  of  the appointor  by  an  attorney,  the  letter  or  power  of  attorney  or  a  duly  certi fi ed  copy  thereof  must  (failing previous registration with the Company) be lodged with the instrument appointing the proxy, failing which the instrument may be treated as invalid.

6. The Company shall be entitled to reject the instrument appointing the proxy if it is incomplete, improperly completed, illegible or where the true intentions of the appointor are not ascertainable from the instructions of  the  appointor speci fi ed in the instrument appointing the proxy (such as in the case where the appointor submits more than one instrument of proxy).
7. In  the  case  of  a  member  whose  Shares  are  entered  against  his/her  name  in  the  Depository  Register,  the Company may reject any instrument appointing the proxy lodged if such member, being the appointor, is not shown to have Shares entered against his/her name in the Depository Register as at seventy-two (72) hours before the time appointed for holding of the AGM (i.e. 9.30 a.m. on 26 April 2023), as certi fi ed by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited to the Company.

<!-- image -->

350 Orchard Road #08-00 Shaw House Singapore 238868 Tel: (65) 6789 8888 Fax: (65) 6738 4136 Email: info@asiamedic.com.sg Website: www.asiamedic.com.sg