## Annual Report 2022

<!-- image -->

## Contents

| - 02 Letter from the Chair  - 04 Letter from the CEO  - 08 Company Overview  - 10 Our Story  - 12 Our Growth Strategy  - 15 Strategic Acquisitions  - 16 Sustainability  - 18 Directors' Report  - 29 Auditor Independence Declaration  - 31 Remuneration Report  - 46 Corporate Governance Statement  - 63 Financial Statements and Notes  - 110 Directors' Declaration  - 111 Independent Auditor's Report  - 116 Shareholder Information  - iii Corporate Directory   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## ACHIEVING OUTCOMES

1 AUSTRALIAN CLINICAL LABS  |  ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## Letter from the Chair

<!-- image -->

## Dear Shareholder,

On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am pleased to present to you the 2022 Australian Clinical Labs (ACL) Annual Report. 2022 is ACL's first full year as a publicly listed company and represents the strongest year in the history of ACL. Whilst the past 12 months have been incredibly challenging, it has also been one of outstanding performance. This is a credit to the whole team at ACL, and ACL's systems and processes established over the past seven years.

## In FY22, ACL:

-  delivered more than 12.6m pathology episodes;
-  generated $996m of revenue;
-  continued its operational improvement program which led to profit margins, as measured by Earnings Before Interest and Tax, reaching 27%;
-  completed the material acquisition of Medlab Pathology; and
-  established a new laboratory in Queensland.

The strong financial performance and financial discipline of the Company has led to the Company announcing a final fully franked dividend of 41 cents per share which when combined with the interim dividend has delivered total fully franked dividends for the year of 53 cents per share.

These strong metrics were possible only due to the enormous effort of all staff across the Company and their focus on outstanding patient care over the course of the whole year and often in very trying situations.

The support of our staff to meet the needs of the community in the last year was truly an enormous effort with many staff forgoing all leave and often working considerable overtime over the course of the year.

## Focus on ESG

Alongside the Company's focus on operational performance, the company is focused on ensuring it develops value creating ESG targets that deliver positive change over time, generating short-term and long-term value for its shareholders, staff, patients, the wider health community and partners and broader stakeholders.

In the past 12 months, ACL has:

- Environmental metrics : Measured and benchmarked its Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. This has allowed ACL to generate a base line so it can introduce appropriate targets and process changes to meaningfully reduce emissions.

Whilst the past 12 months have been incredibly challenging, it has also been one of outstanding performance. This is a credit to the whole team at ACL, and ACL's systems and processes established over the past seven years.

<!-- image -->

-  ACL has commenced a pilot program for hybrid courier vehicles in Victoria (ACL's largest market), implemented improved route planning throughout its courier network and put in place click-tocollect processes to decrease the number of courier visits. These measures reduce emissions and decrease ACL's fleet and logistics costs and are being rolled out across the country.

Similarly, ACL has started to install smart metering at all its material sites, ensured there are LED lights at all key locations and installed solar panels on its main laboratories. Given the current costs of fuel and electricity, understanding these costs is allowing ACL to accelerate its focus on emissions reduction in an economically and environmentally sensible manner.

- Social metrics : Focused on improving monthly communications with staff and developing engagement events to assist employees during the complexities that all distributed businesses have faced throughout the COVID-19 pandemic. ACL has been investing in additional training for employees and has conducted a full review of its national risk register.

As ACL acquires and integrates new businesses it is able to materially reduce the combined lost time injury frequency rates (LTIFR) and now has a LTIFR of 3.91 per million work hours, an excellent result, and more importantly a safer workplace for our employees and patients.

- Governance metrics : During the past 12 months ACL has invested significantly in developing its governance framework as it has made the transition into a publicly listed company. The Board has reviewed and refined its governance frameworks and risk frameworks and published these on our website for investors to review. The Board has also completed its first Board performance review and assessed its committee structure and composition.

In addition to driving these initiatives further, ACL will commence the implementation of a Reflect Reconciliation Action Plan.

## Team

The past 12 months have been a testament to the more than 5,400 people who work at ACL. Our staff have responded with care and diligence in very stressful and trying circumstances. Throughout this whole period they have ensured safe practices were followed for the benefit of each other and the patients we serve. The COVID-19 pandemic has created significant stress throughout the healthcare sector and ACL has assisted in managing the significant spikes in demand, including over Christmas periods, during the past two years. This included prioritising doctors and nurses in the hospitals we serve, Defence Force workers, law enforcement and emergency response workers. ACL has helped ensure world class turnaround times to support our community and quickly return these workers to their important work.

Pathologists, scientists, phlebotomists, laboratory staff, service support staff and management have made significant and often hidden personal sacrifices to allow Australians to be tested, to remain healthy and safe, to travel and spend time with their families.

I would like to take this opportunity to acknowledge and thank all of our dedicated employees, led by Melinda McGrath and her management team, for the considerable commitment to patient care and flexibility that everyone has shown during these challenging times.

I would also like to acknowledge the excellent cooperation between the Federal and State governments, State health systems and private pathology operators to service the Australian community.

Importantly, I would like to thank our shareholders and all stakeholders, including the general practitioners and specialist communities we work with every day, for their support of ACL.

Yours sincerely,

Michael Alscher Chair

<!-- image -->

## Letter from the CEO

<!-- image -->

Dear Fellow Shareholder,

The past 12 months have been both challenging and rewarding for ACL. The business upgraded its Queensland laboratory, acquired Medlab Pathology and expanded our New South Wales lab to take on extra testing capacity. We also undertook a complex technological upgrade to our Oracle laboratory system to enable further efficiencies and service improvements and invested in further digitisation. We have grown to over 1,300 collection centres.

Since establishment, the business has continued to improve both service and financial performance every year. At the end of FY22, ACL was again in a stronger position in terms of its employees and team capabilities, management, financial performance, technological platform and operating position than it was at the start of the year. For this, I would like to thank ACL's 5,400 staff who have worked tirelessly over the past 12 months. It is humbling to witness the passion and enthusiasm with which all ACL team members focus on the job at hand, as they live and breathe every day our mission to improve and save patients' lives.

## Key Financial Metrics

In the 12 months to 30 June 2022, ACL has achieved:

-  Revenue increase of 48% to $995.6m;
-  NPAT increase of 101% to $178.2m;
-  Non-COVID revenue increase of 8% to $556.4m;
-  EBIT margins increase to 26.8% (up from 20.8% in FY21) demonstrating strong operational management in an environment of fee cuts and increased consumables costs;
-  Cash flow prior to financing activities increase of 76% to $171.2m. Cash EBITDA to operating cash flow conversion of 96%;
-  Net debt excluding lease liabilities improvement of $90.5m from a net debt position of $64.1m to a net cash position of $26.4m; and
-  a full year fully franked dividends of 53 cps: 12 cps interim dividend and 41 cps final fully franked dividend. Pro-forma net debt as at 30th June 2022 post payment of dividend of $56m remains lower than the $93m of net debt at time of IPO.

… the business has continued to improve both service and financial performance every year … for this, I would like to thank ACL's 5,400 staff who have worked tirelessly over the past 12 months. It is humbling to witness every day the passion and enthusiasm with which all ACL team members focus on the job at hand, as they live and breathe every day our mission to improve and save patients' lives.

<!-- image -->

## Strategic progress

In December 2021 ACL acquired Medlab Pathology, a New South Wales and Queensland pathology business. This acquisition added just under 300 ACCs and around $80m of non-COVID revenue (around a 15% growth for ACL's non-COVID testing revenue). Medlab has allowed ACL to materially increase its scale in New South Wales and Queensland which in turn has enabled strategic benefits for ACL's investment in a new automated laboratory in Queensland (opened in April 2022). ACL now has a national footprint (ex Tasmania) which will allow it to compete for larger nationally focused tenders and grow its market share.

The integration of Medlab, though complex, has been faster than planned. By 30 June 2022, ACL had integrated Medlab into ACL's main laboratories, established a new Queensland laboratory, rebranded more than 75% of Medlab's collection centres and renegotiated material supply contracts. Operationally, Medlab is now substantially integrated into ACL which demonstrates our capacity to manage material acquisitions with operational complexity efficiently at the same time as conducting business as usual. The synergies from this integration are starting to flow through, with run rate synergies of $20m p.a. largely achieved by the end of this calendar year as the full benefits of labour efficiencies and new purchasing arrangements come into force.

Concurrent with this material acquisition, ACL continued to invest in upgrading its core unified pathology system. This has involved upgrading the underlying database to Oracle which will support ACL's focus on digitisation and scalability into the future. This complex change was led by our IT team supported by in-house subject matter experts and a team of over 140 working on the project. I should note that at the same time, these subject matter experts were also the on-the-ground leaders of the COVID-19 response - an outstanding demonstration of whole-of-Company teamwork of which I am very proud.

## Pandemic response

ACL's contribution to Australia's response to the COVID-19 pandemic has been significant and a clear demonstration of our values:

-  ACL continued to play a critical role in Australia's testing process for patients and hospitals;
-  ACL's front-line pathologists, scientists, phlebotomists, couriers, call centre and lab employees provided caring, professional service at all times, supported in their professionalism by many other teams and individuals behind the scenes. This included urgent testing in regional and rural Australia, carried out by special 'SWAT' teams;

## EMPOWERED DECISION MAKING

-  ACL's teams managed incredibly complex environments, including multiple flood events, at sometimes even retrieving samples in boats and on bicycles;
-  moved work around laboratories despite logistics impacted by lockdowns and travel restrictions, 24-hour laboratory services provided by dedicated staff.
-  managed testing responses over the Christmas 2021 Omicron outbreak with many staff giving up their own Christmas breaks for the second year in a row to enable Australians to understand their COVID-19 status and facilitate their travel. ACL is grateful for the outstanding efforts by staff in a very difficult environment and their resolute focus on delivering accurate, rapid results to Australians and hospitals.

## Letter from the CEO Continued

## Outlook

It remains complex to provide a meaningful outlook for ACL for the next 12 months. This is due to the volatility of COVID-19 testing and uncertainty related to the timing of a rebound in non-COVID testing. In effect it is easier to provide longer term views on the market. ACL accepts that there is uncertainty, both up and down, in the upcoming 'transition' period. Our teams have demonstrated agility for many years and is a key part of our performance culture and will continue as we move forward.

## Medicare funding for Pathology (ex COVID) for 12-month periods ($m)

<!-- image -->

Until 2019, non-COVID outlays grew at a consistent rate of around 5.6% p.a. This consistency in growth was underpinned by long-term demographic drivers linked to population growth, ageing demographics (older patients require more testing), improved medical technology, new tests and increased reliance on pathology testing. The COVID-19 pandemic effectively stopped growth in non-COVID testing revenue. This has been due to lockdowns, doctor access issues, decreased levels of testing for non-COVID services (e.g. flu) and social factors (reluctance to visit medical practitioners). As the impact of the pandemic decreases, there should be a rebound in non-COVID testing revenue as underlying drivers still apply. The timing of the rebound in non-COVID testing revenue will be a key driver of ACL's outlook. This is hard to forecast in the short term.

## Medicare funding for COVID-19 on quarterly basis ($m)

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

In addition, there remains volatility in COVID-19 testing volumes. In the June 2022 quarter, COVID-19 revenue was 28% of ACL's revenue during this quarter. In the December 2021 quarter, COVID-19 testing was 54% of ACL's revenue. This level of variation can lead to material changes in ACL's revenue and outlook. The level of COVID-19 testing revenue will be a key driver of ACL's outlook and is hard to forecast in the short term.

In the long term, ACL expects that non-COVID volumes will return to historic trends and that COVID-19 testing will start to follow the trends of seasonal flu, albeit at a higher level. We expect drive-throughs for COVID-19 collection (and their costs) to be removed and for patients with flu symptoms to return to see their GPs in practice. However, the timing of this is hard to predict and in the short to medium term there will be volatility related to the rebound of Business As Usual (BAU) growth or changes in COVID-19 revenue. For this reason, ACL is not providing any guidance for 2023.

## Focus going forward

In FY23, there are a number of key areas that ACL will focus on, including:

-  Meeting the testing needs of the community for both BAU and COVID-19 testing, responding efficiently and effectively to diagnostic and clinical best practice.
-  Operational efficiency and flexibility in a dynamic environment with lowered COVID revenues. This is enabled by our agile teams, national approach and further investment this year in an upgrade to our laboratory information system, completed in February 2022.
-  Targeted growth, at an effective margin, employing capital well, as we have this year with our investments in Medlab Pathology, Bella Vista laboratory and our Queensland clinical trials laboratories.
-  Continuing to focus on value maximising ESG targets. In 2023 these will include an internal audit of gender pay equity and the implementation of the Reflect Reconciliation Action Plan.

I would like to thank all our stakeholders, our 5,400 employees, our many supportive medical professionals for assisting us over the past 12 months, our excellent management team, our shareholders who have backed us through this period, Federal and State governments and State Health systems with whom we have worked extremely effectively.

ACL commits to continuing to focus on supporting our community, both within ACL and externally in 2023. We will focus on delivering on our core mission of supporting talented people with scientific leadership, innovative thinking and technologies to empower decision making that saves and improves patients' lives.

Yours Sincerely,

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Company Overview

## ABOUT CLINICAL LABS

ACL is a leading provider of pathology services in Australia. ACL has laboratories and pathology collection centres in all Australian States and Territories (except Tasmania) and is one of the largest private hospital pathology businesses nationally. In FY22, our 76 NATA-accredited laboratories performed close to 12.6m episodes for clinicians and patients within our communities.  ACL is also a leading provider of skin cancer care via the SunDoctors brand operating 31 clinics across Queensland, New South Wales and Victoria.

## MISSION AND VALUES

Our Mission and Values were created by our staff and reflect what we stand for, and what we want to achieve as a healthcare organisation. Our staff take great pride in our Company, and in all of the business units across the country, there are numerous examples of our staff striving to achieve our Mission and Values.

<!-- image -->

Patient Focus and Medical Excellence: We protect the interests of our patients through achieving excellence in our daily actions. We strive for diagnostic excellence and are committed to continuing professional education for our staff and referrers, including training the next generation of pathologists and scientists;

Entrepreneurship and Agility: We apply innovative thinking to our science and our business. We are agile in responding to the needs of our customers and we continually look for new ways of doing our work and providing service to our customers;

Efficiency and Effectiveness: Delivering our mission to as many people as possible is only achievable if we are constantly vigilant on our cost to deliver and drive continuous improvement;

Passion and Enthusiasm: We are passionate about the importance and impact of what we do and are enthusiastic about achieving our mission; and

Respect and Integrity: We always act with the highest integrity and respect.

## OUR SITES AND LOCATIONS (AS AT 30 JUNE 2022)

Our national network of 1336 accredited collection centres, 31 skin cancer clinics and 76 accredited laboratories is underpinned by a unified pathology information system, allowing the majority of tests, clinicians and laboratories to operate as one laboratory across the country. Our national footprint expanded significantly in FY22, particularly in New South Wales and Queensland, with the integration of the Medlab sites into the ACL network.

<!-- image -->

## Our Story by Calendar Year

<!-- image -->

## 2015

Crescent Capital acquired Healthscope's Australian pathology business

Rebranded business to Australian Clinical Labs

Installed new tracks at the Melbourne (Clayton) central laboratory

<!-- image -->

## 2016

Acquired Saint John Of God Health Care's pathology business

Acquired Perth Pathology

Introduced the Harmony Non-Invasive Prenatal Test

## MEDICAL EXCELLENCE

<!-- image -->

## 2017

Installed new tracks at Perth (Osborne Park) and Sydney (Bella Vista) central laboratories

Established Project Management Office (PMO)

<!-- image -->

## 2018

Completed integration with laboratories operating on one laboratory system

Opened new laboratories at Northern Beaches Hospital and Hawkesbury District Health Service in New South Wales

Expanded Malaysian data entry facility and back office services

Introduced Aspect Liquid Biopsy test

Set up purposebuilt Clinical Trials laboratory in Port Melbourne

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## 2019

Opened new Adelaide (Adelaide Airport) central laboratory

Completed the integration of ACL, SJGHC and Perth Pathology laboratories

Won national Australian Defence Forces (ADF) contract and set up Canberra laboratory

Invested in centralised national rostering system and collection optimisation

<!-- image -->

## 2020

Established accredited COVID-19 laboratories and pop-up collection centres

Implemented machine learning based reporting tools

Invested in digitisation of slides

<!-- image -->

## 2021

## Successful IPO

Acquisition and integration of SunDoctors, a group of skin cancer clinics and histopathology businesses

Opened a new branch laboratory in Queensland, with a focus on Clinical Trials and Molecular Pathology

Acquisition of Medlab, one of Australia's largest independent pathology providers

<!-- image -->

## 2022

Medlab integration and rebrand

Major expansion and lab equipment updates for the Bella Vista Lab to manage additional Medlab pathology volumes

Expansion of Queensland lab to manage community, clinical trials and molecular volumes

Undertook a complex technology upgrade to the Oracle laboratory information system to enable further efficiencies

## Our Growth Strategy

In the medium term, ACLs objective is to achieve above market growth for both revenue and EBITDA through:

## ORGANIC MARKET GROWTH

-  Non-COVID pathology market forecast to grow ~4% to ~6% p.a. due to predictable and consistent drivers including growing and ageing population, increasing testing rates and scientific and technological advancements

<!-- image -->

## EMBEDDED REVENUE OPPORTUNITIES

-  Broaden general practitioner relationships
-  Precision medicine
-  SunDoctors
-  Ramp up existing contracts
-  Increased clinical trial revenue
-  Commercial and other COVID-19 testing

## OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE IMPROVEMENTS

-  Continuous improvement program
-  Extract additional benefits from unified pathology system
-  Opportunities from SunDoctors integration
-  National connectivity drives best practice

1

## Strategic Acquisitions

## Strategic acquisitions and the expansion of our footprint have been at the cornerstone of ACL's growth strategy since our conception.

At the end of FY21, ACL acquired SunDoctors, and since then, SunDoctors has successfully integrated with ACL to not only continue the expansion of the SunDoctors clinic network, but to also offer a boutique histopathology service. In FY22, this boutique histopathology service saw above market growth.

In December 2021, ACL acquired Medlab Pathology, which was founded in 2001 and has since grown to be the fourth largest pathology provider in Australia. Based in New South Wales and Queensland, Medlab Pathology operated two NATA accredited laboratories and over 280 ACC's Approved Collection Centres.

Combining the Medlab business with ACL effectively doubled our share of the New South Wales market which is the largest market by size in Australia.

The Medlab acquisition also accelerated ACL's expansion into Queensland - Australia's third-largest market by size.

During the second half of FY22, ACL achieved the following operational outcomes:

- Consolidation of Medlab's Auburn laboratory into ACL's Bella Vista laboratory;
- Consolidation of the three existing Queensland laboratories into one core laboratory and one histopathology laboratory;
- Implementation of additional and upgraded laboratory equipment to manage new capacity and set up for future growth;
- All laboratories now run on ACL's unified laboratory information system; and
- Both the integration and synergy targets are now largely realised.

There is a strong cultural alignment between the Medlab and ACL teams, illustrated by the successful retention of personnel, including key pathologists. The consolidated businesses are now primed for additional growth in both the largest and third-largest State-based markets in Australia.

Combining the Medlab business with ACL effectively doubles our share of the NSW market which is the largest market by size in Australia.

## MEDLAB ACHIEVEMENTS

## $80m

Medlab non-COVID-19 Revenue

280

Additional Collection Centres

(200 NSW/80 QLD)

<!-- image -->

Synergy Targets

## Sustainability

## As a healthcare organisation, we want to play a part in serving the community's needs. We have a Company-wide sustainability focus and commitment that extends from our Mission and Values.

Over the last 12 months, our level of community engagement and sustainability focus has reached new levels. This is shown by ACL's engagement and initiatives with our people, our community, the environment and our patients.

## Our 2022 full ESG Report can be found at:

investors.clinicallabs.com.au/

## 1. OUR PEOPLE

The third year of the global COVID-19 pandemic has seen ACL staff continue to provide outstanding service to our communities. Our pathologists have played a critical role informing and leading our response as an organisation, further exemplifying the importance of pathologists within the wider medical profession.

The last 12 months have seen even larger peaks and troughs in COVID-19 testing demand, in both metropolitan and regional areas of Australia. Our teams showcased great flexibility and agility in catering for these periods of extreme demand for our services. This ranged from ensuring our drive-through, hospital, home-visit and regular collection centres were operationally ready, to forming urgent, ad-hoc SWAT teams for regional testing. All of our frontline staff groups - phlebotomists, procurement supply teams, couriers, laboratory staff, customer service and support staff contributed in their own way to our successful response.

Behind-the-scenes, our leaders worked with State governments and health departments, ensuring our service was aligned with the latest data and continually evolving policy response, so as to best serve our communities.

And throughout it all, it was vital that our core non-COVID services were functioning at full operational efficiency. All of the ACL staff that had a part to play in providing our routine care and support to Australians in all environments did a fantastic job of representing our Company.

## 2. OUR PATIENTS

Over the past five years, ACL has augmented its strong focus on customer service through a uniqueto-industry SMS patient feedback program. In FY22, ACL collected survey responses from over 204,000 patients, who collectively awarded our collection service an overall star rating of 4.67 out of 5.

This program (called Resonate) manages workflow, responses and analytics, which helps management rapidly respond to issues and promotes positive cultural changes.  It also meets quality (NATA) and contract (public hospital) requirements - successfully replacing manual, paper forms and 'mystery patient' programs. There is high uptake across the business, and allows for site comparisons, benchmarking and trend analysis.

<!-- image -->

## Promoters are talking about

Patient Responses by Category

| Painless Extraction / Sample Collection  37,265  Pleasant Service  Speedy/E cient Service  Helpful &amp; Friendly StaGLYPH&lt;30&gt;  26,920  18,233  5,551   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 3. OUR COMMUNITY

## The May 50K

During May 2022, ACL again participated in The May 50K fitness and fundraising initiative to support life-saving research into the prevention, treatment and cure for Multiple Sclerosis (MS). MS is a progressive neurological disease that affects more than 25,000 Australians and currently there is no cure.

This year, ACL staff collectively logged an impressive 8,949 kilometres, coming in first place nationally by kilometres completed, and raised a total of $29,331 over 31 days - surpassing last year's fundraising efforts. Additionally, ACL matched every dollar raised by our staff, making the final amount raised for this very worthy cause a total of $59,331. We are so proud to partner with MS Plus on this important and exciting initiative, and our staff always look forward to participating in the event.

## 4. THE ENVIRONMENT

## Innovation and Digitisation

Accelerated by the pandemic, many industries are embracing remote and paperless solutions for their staff and customers, and pathology is no exception. We acknowledge the role our contribution can play in helping address global sustainability challenges and have considered our response accordingly. In the last 12 months, our teams designed new, completely digital solutions that are more sympathetic to remote ways of providing patient care, as well as more sustainable paper-free workflows that embrace new scannable QR codebased technology. Our COVID-19 Travel Testing solution was a prime example of this, where patients received their scannable test form and results all in a completely digital format. This approach is being rolled out across other areas of the business, all while encouraging our referring doctors to turn off their fax and mail delivery for results, and signing-up to our digital eHealth products, such as eResults and eOrders.

## Emissions

Over FY22, ACL completed our Scope 1 and 2 Greenhouse Gas emissions audit, to help us identify what our biggest emissions are. Our initiatives to reduce the 1.4kg of CO2 per episode that ACL generates includes:

- Our 'Uber-style' Click-to-Collect initiative was introduced across key States in FY22 using Clinical Labs' state-of-the-art courier management technology. The courier route optimisation platform ensures that our vehicles are maximising their efficiency and mileage by reducing the number of stops and carbon emissions in real time, while delivering an improved customer experience.
- A commitment to invest in hybrid and electric cars, ACL will be well poised to address our second highest emission; fuel.

<!-- image -->

The Directors of Australian Clinical Labs Limited (referred to as 'the Company') present their Report for the financial year ended 30 June 2022 (referred to as 'the year') accompanied by the Financial Report of Australian Clinical Labs Limited and the entities it controlled (referred to as 'Clinical Labs', 'ACL' or 'the Group') from time to time during the year. Pursuant to the requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act), the Directors' Report as follows:

## 1. Directors

The following persons were Directors of the Company during the year (or, where indicated, during part of the year) and/or up to the date of this Report:

| Current Directors  Position  Date Appointed  Michael Alscher  Non-Executive Director  19 December 2020  Melinda McGrath  Chief Executive Officer and  Executive Director  19 December 2020  Nathanial Thomson  Non-Executive Director  19 December 2020  Andrew Dutton  Independent Non-Executive Director  28 April 2021  Dr Leanne Rowe AM  Independent Non-Executive Director  28 April 2021  Dr Michael Stanford AM  Independent Non-Executive Director  28 April 2021  Mark Haberlin  Independent Non-Executive Director  28 April 2021   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Name

<!-- image -->

## Michael Alscher

Non-Executive Director Chair Member Audit Committee (appointed 25 November 2021)

Melinda McGrath Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director

<!-- image -->

## Expertise, experience and qualifications

Mr Michael Alscher was appointed Chair of ACL's predecessor corporate vehicle, Clinical Laboratories Pty Ltd in 2015 following its acquisition by Crescent Capital Partners in 2015. Michael was appointed a Director of ACL on 19 December 2020 and Chair of ACL as part of the IPO process on 19 December 2020.

Michael is the Managing Partner and founder of Crescent, a leading Australian private equity investment firm, specialising in high growth companies and certain industry sectors such as healthcare.

Michael is the current Chair of Cardno Limited, National Dental Care Limited, 24-7 Healthcare Pty Ltd and is a Non-Executive Director of Clearview Wealth Limited, Green Leaves Early Learning Centres Pty Ltd and Aurora Expeditions Holdings Pty Ltd. Michael's former director roles include Chair of Cover-More Group Limited, LifeHealthcare Group Limited and Director of Metro Performance Glass Limited, Crumpler Pty Ltd and Intega Group Limited.

Prior to founding Crescent in 2000, Michael was a strategy consultant at Bain International and LEK Partnership as well as holding several senior operating roles.

Michael holds a Bachelor of Commerce (Finance and Mathematics) Degree from the University of New South Wales.

Ms Melinda McGrath has been the Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director of ACL's predecessor corporate vehicle, Clinical Laboratories Pty Ltd since 2015. Melinda was appointed an Executive Director of ACL on 19 December 2020. Melinda has more than 30 years' experience in healthcare with over 25 years of experience in chief executive roles and over 15 years of experience in pathology CEO roles.

Melinda has led the organisation's restructure and transformation, building ACL's scale and operational performance improvement over the past seven years, overseeing the integration of Healthscope's Australian pathology business, St John of God Health Care's pathology business, Perth Pathology, SunDoctors and MedLab Pathology. She has also driven the establishment of one performance oriented culture across the organisation, via one unified integrated pathology system.

Melinda was Chief Executive Officer of QML Pathology (part of Healius/Primary Healthcare) from 2008 to 2015, where she developed five QML brands and established Tasmania Medical Laboratories. Prior to that, Melinda held various transformative chief executive roles at private regional and tertiary referral hospitals in Queensland including The Sunshine Coast Private Hospital, St Andrew's War Memorial Hospital and St Stephens Private Hospital.

Melinda has held board member positions at Metro North Hospitals and Health Service including Royal Brisbane, Prince Charles, Redcliffe, Caboolture and related health services, Geneseq Biosciences and a superannuation fund, UC Super.

Melinda holds a Bachelor of Human Movement Studies Degree and a Bachelor of Arts Degree from the University of Queensland, a Master of Business Administration from the University of Central Queensland, and a Certificate in Governance Practice from the Governance Institute of Australia.

## Directors' Report

for the year ended 30 June 2022

## Name

<!-- image -->

Nathanial Thomson Non-Executive Director Member - Nomination and Remuneration Committee

<!-- image -->

Andrew Dutton GAICD Independent Non-Executive Director Chair - Nomination and Remuneration Committee Member - Audit Committee

<!-- image -->

Dr Leanne Rowe AM, MD,

MB BS, FRACGP, FAICD, HonLLD Monash Independent Non-Executive Director Member - Nomination and Remuneration Committee Member - Risk Committee

## Expertise, experience and qualifications

Mr Nathanial Thomson has been a Non-Executive Director of ACL's predecessor corporate vehicle, Clinical Laboratories Pty Ltd, since April 2018. Nathanial was appointed a Non-Executive Director of ACL on 19 December 2020.

Nathanial is a Partner at Crescent, a leading Australian private equity investment firm. Nathanial has over 20 years of experience in strategy consulting, private equity and investment banking. He has significant consulting experience from his prior role at McKinsey &amp; Co.

Nathanial is the current Chair of Clover Insurance and a Non-executive Director of Cardno Limited, National Dental Care Limited, Clearview Wealth Limited and 24-7 Healthcare Pty Ltd. Nathanial's former director roles include Deputy Chair of CoverMore Group Limited and a Non-Executive Director of Metro Performance Glass Limited.

Nathanial holds a Bachelor of Commerce Degree and Bachelor of Laws Degree from the University of Western Australia.

Mr Andrew Dutton has been a Non-Executive Director of ACL since 28 April 2021. Andrew has 30 years of management, business development and technology experience across Australia, Asia and Europe.

Andrew is the current Chair of Land Registry Services and was recently an Advisor to FinancialForce APJ. He has had extensive Chief Executive Officer and Board experience globally and within Australia.

Andrew's former roles include Chair of NVOI Pty Ltd and SAI Global Pty Ltd, Chief Executive Officer at Land Registry Services and Integrated Research Limited, Managing Director of the Asia Pacific/Japan region for VMware Inc., and senior executive positions at IBM, Computer Associates, BEA Systems Inc., Lendlease and Norwich Union Financial Services Group including roles as CFO, CMO, CRO and Divisional Heads. At IBM, Andrew was elected to the Worldwide Senior Leadership Team.

Andrew holds a Bachelor of Science Degree from the University of Sydney and is a member of the Australian Institute of Company Directors.

Dr Leanne Rowe has been a Non-Executive Director of ACL since 28 April 2021.

Leanne is a clinical professor and medical practitioner with over 30 years of clinical experience in the public and private health systems across acute care, aged care, mental health and community health.

Leanne is currently Chair of Nexus Hospitals and a Presiding Member for Medical Panels Victoria. She has previously served on a wide range of board as a NonExecutive Director including Japara Healthcare Limited, Medibank Private, I-MED Radiology, the Medical Indemnity Protection Society, the Royal Australian College of General Practitioners Barwon Health and beyondblue.

Leanne is a former Deputy Chancellor of Monash University and has been awarded a Doctor of Laws (Honoris Causa) for her services. Leanne has also received a Member of the Order of Australia for her services to medicine.

Her other qualifications include a Doctor of Medicine, Bachelor of Medicine Degree and Bachelor of Surgery Degree, Fellowship of the Royal Australian College of General Practitioners and Fellowship of the Australian Institute of Company Directors.

## Name

<!-- image -->

Dr Michael Stanford AM, MB BS, MBA, FAICD Independent Non-Executive Director Chair - Risk Committee Member - Audit Committee

Mark Haberlin Independent Non-Executive Director Chair - Audit Committee Member - Risk Committee

<!-- image -->

## Expertise, experience and qualifications

Dr Michael Stanford has been a Non-Executive Director of ACL since 28 April 2021.

Michael has over 25 years of Non-Executive Director experience across a range of industries including healthcare services, diagnostics, biotech, pharmaceutical, property, aged care and higher education.

Michael is the President and Chair of Diabetes Australia, a Non-Executive Director of NorthWest Healthcare Property Management Limited and Chair of the Save the Children Australia Social Impact Fund advisory board.

Michael's former roles include Non-Executive Director for ACL between 2016 and 2019, Nucleus Network Limited, Healthscope Limited, Virtus Health Limited, and Deputy Chancellor of Curtin University. He was in Group Chief Executive Officer roles for 23 years including 16 years at St John of God Health Care. Michael has also received a Member of the Order of Australia for his service to the health sector to tertiary education and in the community of Western Australia.

Michael holds a Bachelor of Medicine Degree and Bachelor of Surgery Degree from the University of New South Wales and a Master of Business Administration from Macquarie University. Michael is also a fellow of the Australasian Institute of Company Directors and was formerly a specialist in public health medicine.

Mr Mark Haberlin has been a Non-Executive Director of ACL since 28 April 2021.

Mark has over 25 years of audit, risk management, capital transactions and mergers and acquisitions experience across industries including healthcare, real estate and financial services.

Mark is the Lead Independent Director and Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee of Abacus Property Group. Mark is also an Independent Non-Executive Director and the Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee of Laybuy Group Limited. Previously, Mark was the Chair of PwC Australia and PwC's Public Reporting Panel, as well as a Director of the European Australia Business Council and PwC Asia Pacific.

Mark holds a Bachelor of Science (Civil Engineering) (Honours) from Imperial College London and qualified as a Chartered Accountant in the United Kingdom.

## 2. Directorships of other listed companies

The following table shows, for each director, all directorships of companies that were listed on the ASX, other than the Company, from 30 June 2019, and the period for which each directorship has been held:

| Director  Listed Entity  Period Directorship Held  Michael Alscher  Cardno Limited  ClearView Wealth Limited  Intega Group Limited  November 2015 - present  November 2018 - present  August 2019 - December 2021  Melinda McGrath  -  -  Nathanial Thomson  Cardno Limited  ClearView Wealth Limited  May 2016 - present  October 2012 - present  Andrew Dutton  -  -  Dr Leanne Rowe AM  Japara Healthcare Limited  Doctor Care Anywhere Group PLC  July 2019 - November 2021  September 2020 - November 2021  Dr Michael Stanford AM  Virtus Heath Limited  September 2019 - February 2021  Mark Haberlin  Layby Group Holdings Limited  Abacus Property Group  April 2020 - present  November 2018 - present   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3. Meetings of directors and board committees

The number of meetings of the Board and each of the Board Committees held during the year ended 30 June 2022, and the number of meetings attended by each Director are shown below.

From time to time, Directors attend meetings of Committees of which they are not currently members however, only attendance by Directors who are members of the relevant Committee are shown below:

| Board of Directors  Audit Committee  Remuneration  and Nomination  Committee  Risk Committee  Current Directors  Eligible  Attended  Eligible  Attended  Eligible  Attended  Eligible  Attended  Michael Alscher  16  16  3  3  -  -  -  -  Melinda McGrath  16  16  -  -  -  -  -  -  Nathanial Thomson  16  15  -  -  3  3  -  -  Andrew Dutton  16  16  4  4  3  3  -  -  Dr Leanne Rowe AM  16  15  -  -  3  3  5  5  Dr Michael Stanford AM  16  16  4  4  -  -  5  5  Mark Haberlin  16  15  4  4  -  -  5  5   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Further meetings occurred during the year on specific issues, including meetings of the Chair with the CEO and meetings of Directors with management.

## 4. Director's relevant interests in shares

The following table sets out the relevant interests that each Director and their immediate family has in the Company's ordinary shares as at the date of this report:

| Director  Ordinary  Shares  Performance  Rights  Michael Alscher  255,928  -  Melinda McGrath  2,857,673  247,252  Nathanial Thomson  -  -  Andrew Dutton  81,897  -  Dr Leanne Rowe AM  37,500  -  Dr Michael Stanford AM  38,000  -  Mark Haberlin  47,500  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5. Company Secretary

Eleanor Padman was appointed Company Secretary on 28 April 2021. Eleanor is a graduate of the University of Oxford and a corporate lawyer and governance expert with more than 25 years' experience gained in the UK and Australia. During the last 10 years Eleanor has held the roles of General Counsel, Company Secretary and Head of Risk and Compliance at various ASX listed companies. Eleanor established her own boutique advisory business in 2019 and provides corporate governance services to ACL, as well as acting as Company Secretary to the Board and its Committees. Eleanor combines multi-disciplinary technical abilities with a strong commercial approach and a focus on promoting good corporate governance. Eleanor is a Fellow of the Governance Institute of Australia, a Graduate of the Australian Institute of Company Directors and has held executive director positions on various public companies as well as having been the Chair of the Sydney Airport Trust (part of the ASX listed stapled security for Sydney Airport Limited).

## 6. Principal Activities

During the year the principal continuing activity of the Group was the provision of pathology diagnostic services.

## 7. Operating and Financial Review

Key financial highlights in the financial year ended 30 June 2022 compared to pro forma FY21 include:

- Total revenue increased by 48% to $995.6m.
- Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) increased by 62% to $372.7m.
- Earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) increased by 90% to $266.6m.
- Net profit after tax (NPAT) increased by 101% to $178.2m.
- Cash flow prior to investing activities of $171.2m.
- Cash EBITDA to operating cash flow conversion of 96%.
- Net debt excluding lease liabilities decreased by $90.5m, net cash position $26.4m.
- Basic earnings per share of 88.55 cents.

## Acquisition of Medlab Pathology (Medlab)

- NSW and Queensland focused pathology business. Added around 300 Accredited Collection Centres (ACCs) and increased ACL's non-COVID-19 testing revenue by around 15%.
- The acquisition was completed on 20 December 2021.
- Upfront payment was reduced to $50.5m from $60.0m due to contracted purchase price adjustments. ACL is expected to make a final payment of $10.0m for Medlab in December 2022. Deferred and contingent consideration has been recognised on balance sheet.
- Medlab NSW now fully integrated into the ACL Bella Vista laboratory with the majority of synergies forecast to be achieved by 31 December 2022 with a run-rate EBIT contribution of &gt;$20.0m.
- One-off transaction related costs of $6.4m (including stamp duty) included in FY22 EBITDA ($1.3m in 1H and $5.1m in 2H). In addition, there was $6.3m in capex in FY22 primarily associated with NSW laboratory integration and capacity expansion.

ACL achieved revenue growth for the year of 48% against pro forma FY21. The revenue growth reflected the increased testing in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, particularly during 1HFY22 coupled with the Medlab acquisition which completed on 20 December 2021. Excluding COVID-19, acquisitions and non-Medicare testing ACL's growth in its core pathology revenue was -0.7% versus market growth of -4.3% 1 .

ACL continued to benefit from the previous investments it had made in its systems and processes with further improvement in its operating leverage during the year.  Operating costs (excluding consumables) were 41.8% of revenue, down from 47.7% in FY21 and labour efficiency as measured by episodes per full-time equivalent (FTE) employee increased 13.3% for the year.

The contribution from COVID-19 testing materially reduced in H2 following a 15% reduction in the Medicare rate on 1 January 2022 coupled with a reduction in test pooling and increased consumables costs due to the increased positivity rates.

The combination of revenue growth, operating efficiency and cost control throughout the year has enabled ACL to increase its EBIT margin to 26.8% from 20.8% in FY21.

ACL achieved a conversion of EBITDA to operating cash flow of 96.4%.  Net cash flow excluding financing and investing activities was $171.2m or 95.9% of NPAT.  During the year ACL repaid all its external debt and ended the year with a $26.4m net cash positive position.

AASB 16 right of use assets and associated lease liabilities increased during the year due to the Medlab acquisition and a number of key sites being renewed.

Capital expenditure of $21.0m included development capital of $10.7m primarily in relation to the expansion of the NSW Bella Vista laboratory to include the Medlab NSW operations and future growth $6.3m, Oracle upgrade and Queensland laboratory expansion. Excluding these one off capex items, the FY22 capex level was consistent with FY21 levels.

## Impact of COVID-19

Throughout FY22, ACL continued to play a critical role in Australia's testing process for patients and hospitals. ACL's frontline pathologists, scientists, phlebotomists, couriers, call centre and lab employees provided caring, professional service, supported in their professionalism by many other teams and individuals behind the scenes. This included urgent testing in regional and rural Australia, carried out by special 'SWAT' teams. ACL's teams managed incredibly complex environments, including multiple flood events, at times even retrieving samples in boats and on bicycles. ACL moved work around laboratories despite logistics impacted by lockdowns and travel restrictions, 24-hour laboratory services provided by dedicated staff and managed testing responses over the Christmas 2021 Omicron outbreak with many staff giving up their own Christmas breaks for the second year in a row to enable Australians to understand their COVID-19 status and facilitate their travel.

As a result of the significant investment in upgrading systems and processes that was completed prior to 2020, ACL was well placed to respond to the COVID-19 pandemic. ACL was able to secure consistent supply of reagents as well as PPE and consumables to ensure patients and staff safety, despite global shortages. ACL was able to move work around between laboratories despite logistics being impacted by government-mandated lockdowns and travel restrictions.

The ACL Board acknowledge and thank all our staff, led by the Executive Team, for their significant efforts, throughout FY22. Responding to COVID-19 was at times challenging for all of our staff, and we take this opportunity to thank each and every one of them.

## FY22 Operations

ACL is one of the largest providers of pathology services in Australia by revenue, with operations in Victoria, New South Wales, Western Australia, South Australia, Queensland and the Northern Territory with a heritage of hospital based pathology and the skills to deliver time-critical and complex hospital pathology, as well as the scale to efficiently provide community pathology.

1 ACL FY22 normalised for full year Medlab and excluding COVID and non-MBS revenue. Market data based on Medicare statistics adjusted for COVID testing outlays and estimated associated PEI and BBI outlays. ACL and Market data VIC, NSW, SA, WA and NT only.

ACL's network comprises;

- More than 5,400 scientists, collectors and support staff
- 76 accredited laboratories
- 1,336 collection centres
- 31 specialist skin cancer clinics

ACL delivered improved logistics and courier automation benefits that delivered both financial benefits to the Group as well as environmental benefits of a reduced carbon footprint.

In FY22, the acquisition of Medlab provided ACL with sufficient scale in Queensland to allow an investment in a new dedicated Queensland laboratory. ACL continued its investment in it's core IT systems with a material upgrade of its underlying database to Oracle to allow for future growth and digitisation.

ACL continued to realise efficiencies across the business driven by its dedicated performance improvement team. Overall, as a result of these efficiencies, ACL delivered a reduced cost per episode, including compliance costs.

## 8. Significant changes in State of Affairs

On 20 December 2021, the Group successfully completed the acquisition of Medlab, a leading Australian privately-owned independent pathology provider, with two laboratories and around 300 collection centres across NSW and Queensland.

There was no other significant change in the state of affairs of the Group during the year.

## 9. Business Strategies and Future Developments

The Board and the Executive Management Team continue to focus on delivery against the well-defined growth strategy that is comprised of five core strategic initiatives:

- (1)  Organic Market Growth
2. (a)  The Australian pathology market is forecast to grow between 4-6% per annum due to predictable drivers including growing and ageing population and increasing testing rates.
3. (b)  ACL anticipates COVID-19 will be additive to the size of the pathology market and become endemic in nature over time.
- (2)  Embedded Revenue Opportunities
5. (a)  Broaden general practitioner relationships, broadening existing contracts and commercial COVID-19 testing.
- (3)  Operational Performance Improvements
7. (a)  Continuous improvement program, further benefits from the unified pathology system and further opportunities exist from SunDoctors and Medlab integration.
- (4)  Footprint Expansion
9. (a)  Opportunities exist to grow revenues in NSW growth corridors and in Queensland
10. (b)  Introduction of additional services.
- (5)  Strategic Acquisitions and alliances

## 10. Key Risks and Uncertainties

ACL is subject to risks both specific to ACL and ACL's business activities, as well as general risks.

## Government policy and regulation may change

ACL seeks to provide affordable pathology services to its patients. This is facilitated through bulk-billing the vast majority of its services to patients and receiving reimbursements through the Australian Government's Medicare Benefits Schedule (MBS). The MBS is subject to continual review and change, with the included services and prices being determined by the Federal Government.

Any changes to the MBS or any other Government funding initiatives, including reduction in fees or tests that will be covered by the MBS, could lead to a reduction in revenue for ACL and may adversely affect ACL's ability to provide testing and demand for ACL's services. This could include a reduction in COVID-19 fees or the fee paid for any particular test.

The nature, timing and impact of future changes to laws, government policies and regulations are not predictable and are beyond ACL's control. Failure by ACL to comply with applicable laws, regulations and other professional standards

and accreditation may lead to enforcement actions that disrupt ACL's operations and result in it being subject to fines, penalties, damages and disruption to its operations.

ACL monitors legislative and regulatory developments and engages proactively with key stakeholders to manage this risk.

## COVID-19 or another pandemic may impact ACL's business

Pandemic risks, such as COVID-19, pose business continuity risk to ACL. There is the risk from lockdowns across communities in response to a pandemic that the volume of routine (non-COVID-19) pathology testing may be adversely impacted.

There is a risk that staff and laboratories are adversely impacted by a pandemic, such as COVID-19, which limits ACL's ability to provide testing facilities. ACL staff are front line personnel providing collection services to customers potentially infected by COVID-19. Notwithstanding policies and procedures in place to mitigate such risks, there is a risk that staff in key operational roles are infected, impacting ACL's operations.

The COVID-19 pandemic has also affected the rate of growth of non-COVID-19 pathology testing revenue and decreased the rate of growth from the level prior to the pandemic. It is unclear when this growth will return or whether there will be a catch up of lost growth that has occurred over the past two years.

## IT system may fail and may be subject to cyber security risks

ACL is heavily dependent on technology for the delivery of the services it provides its customers. Any information technology system is potentially vulnerable to interruption and/or damage from a number of sources, including but not limited to computer viruses, cyber security attacks and other security breaches, power, systems, internet and data network failures, and natural disasters.

ACL is committed to preventing and reducing cybersecurity risks. ACL has an information security policy and standards framework established in accordance with the international standard Information Security Management (ISO27001). ACL implements and operates IT security in-house with the assistance of partners and common IT security technologies to protect, detect and respond to security concerns. ACL conducts routine testing of systems and works closely with third-party security specialists to implement its security roadmap.

## ACL may be unable to recruit and retain key personnel

The successful operation of ACL's business relies on its ability to recruit and retain experienced and high-performing management, pathologists, scientists, and IT and operating staff. Relationships with certain referrers may be heavily reliant on particular ACL personnel (especially pathologists and scientists), such that their departure from the business could have an adverse impact on ACL's relationship with the referrer. There is significant competition to recruit these personnel, which can lead to increased labour costs.

ACL's focus on diagnostic excellence through its centres of excellence and commitment to continuing professional education for staff and referrers, including training the next generation of pathologists and scientists, help to attract and retain a professional workforce. ACL's unified pathology system also provides flexibility to its national workplace.

## ACL's exposure to international developments may impact its operations

ACL sources testing supplies such as reagents and equipment from international markets. Prices of these supplies and equipment are subject to change driven by, among other factors, foreign exchange rates, market demand and supply, and scientific and technological advancements. ACL is unable to pass on cost increases as a substantial portion of ACL's revenue is derived from the MBS with almost all community pathology being bulk-billed under the MBS and some private hospital contracts linked to services in the MBS. Any adverse movements in testing supplies and equipment may increase ACL's costs of business and may have a material adverse impact on ACL's performance.

ACL manages supply price risk by entering into long-term fixed price arrangements with major suppliers for consumable products and by sourcing consumables locally in Australia. ACL remains vigilant in actively monitoring international developments, and managing supply costs and disruptions. For example, ACL has successfully managed the surge in demand for COVID-19 testing with no material operational disruptions.

## ACL has specific risks associated with integration of acquisitions

In FY22 ACL integrated Medlab into its operations. This has involved the movement of pathology testing between laboratories and the change in branding of the Medlab sites to the ACL brand. These changes may lead to increased staff turnover and the loss of ACCs over time and create lost revenue and additional costs for ACL. In addition, inherent in acquisitions and the operational changes that are associated with them are increased risks associated with operational failures.

## 11. Matters Subsequent to the end of the financial year

Since the end of the financial year, the Directors are not aware of any matter or circumstance not otherwise dealt with in these financial statements that has significantly or may significantly affect the operations of the Group, the results of those operations or the state of affairs of the Group in subsequent financial years.

## 12. Dividends

In respect of the full year ended 30 June 2022, a final dividend of 41.00 cents per share (100% franked) has been declared with a record date of 24 August 2022 and payable 15 September 2022, bringing total dividends for FY22 to 53.00 cents per share (100% franked). This represented a dividend payout ratio of 60% of FY22 NPAT which is consistent with ACL's policy of paying out 50% to 70% of NPAT as a dividend.

The dividend reinvestment plan will continue. The last day for the receipt of an election notice for participation is Thursday 25 August 2022.

## 13. Rights and options granted over unissued shares

## Performance Rights

The Australian Clinical Labs Long-Term Variable Remuneration (LTVR) plan was created in March 2021 for selected senior executives including Key Management Personnel (KMP). The purpose of the plan is to provide at-risk remuneration and incentives that rewards executives for performance against long term value creation objectives set by the Board at the beginning of the financial year and to align the interests of executives with the interests of shareholders through 'skin in the game'.

On 25 May 2021, the Company granted 804,532 Performance Rights under the LTVR plan. The Performance Rights granted during the financial year have an Indexed Total Shareholder Return (iTSR) vesting condition (100% weighting). The vesting of such Performance Rights will be determined by comparing the Company's TSR over the Measurement Period with the TSR of the S&amp;P/ASX 300 industrials Ex-Financials and Resources Index.

Each Performance Right entitles the holder to acquire one ordinary fully paid share in the Company.

On 13 July 2021 a further 104,025 Performance Rights were issued under the LTVR plan and are subject to the same vesting conditions.

There have been no further issues of Performance Rights during the year ended 30 June 2022.

The table in section 14 sets out the details of Performance Rights that have been granted under the LTVR plan which remain on issue as at the date of the Directors' Report.

Further information about Performance Rights issued under the LTVR plan is included in the Remuneration Report.

## Service Rights

The LTVR plan also includes Services Rights that have been issued to key operational staff. The vesting conditions associated with Service Rights are time based to encourage staff to remain with the Company.

Like the Performance Rights, each Service Right entitles the holder to acquire one ordinary fully paid share in the Company.

On 20 November 2021, the Company granted 811,641 Service Rights under the LTVR plan.

The table in section 14 sets out the details of Service Rights that have been granted under the LTVR plan which remain on issue as at the date of the Directors' Report.

## 14. Shares issued on the exercise of Rights

During the financial year ended 30 June 2022 there were no shares issued on exercise of Performance Rights or Service Rights.

The following table shows those Performance Rights and Service Rights that have been granted up to the date of this report.

| Type  Date performance  right granted  Expiry date  Issue price  Number of  Performance  Rights on issue  Performance Rights  25 May 2021  24 May 2026  Nil  804,532  Performance Rights  13 July 2021  12 July 2026  Nil  77,452  Service Rights  20 November 2021  19 November 2026  Nil  792,702  Closing balance of Rights  1,674,686   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 15. Remuneration Report

The Remuneration Report which forms part of this Directors' Report is presented separately from page 31.

## 16. Indemnification and insurance of Directors and Officers

The Company's Constitution provides that the Company may indemnify current and former Directors, alternate Directors, Executive Officers, Officers and auditors of the Company on a full indemnity basis and to the extent permitted by the law against all liabilities and losses incurred as an officer of the Group, except to the extent covered by insurance. Further, the Company's Constitution permits the Company to maintain and pay insurance premiums for director and officer liability insurance, to the extent permitted by law.

Consistent with (and in addition to) the provisions in the Company's Constitution outlined above, the Company has also entered into deeds of access, indemnity and insurance with all Directors and certain Officers of the Company which provide indemnities against losses incurred in their role, subject to certain exclusions, including to the extent that such indemnity is prohibited by the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) or any other applicable law.

During the financial period, the Company paid insurance premiums for a directors' and officers' liability insurance contract that provides cover for the current and former Directors, alternate Directors, Secretaries, Executive Officers and Officers of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Directors have not included details of the nature of the liabilities covered in this contract or the amount of the premium paid, as disclosure is prohibited under the terms of the contract.

The Group's auditor is Pitcher Partners (Melbourne) (PP). No payment has been made to indemnify PP during or up to the date of this report. No premium has been paid by the Group in respect of any insurance for PP. No Officers of the Group were Partners or Directors of PP whilst PP conducted audits of the Group.

## 17. Proceedings on behalf of the company

There are no proceedings brought or intervened in, or applications to bring or intervene in proceedings, on behalf of the Group by a member or other person entitled to do so under section 237 of the Corporations Act.

## 18. Environmental regulation

The operations of the Group are not subject to any site-specific environmental licences or permits which would constitute particular or significant environmental regulation under the laws of the Australian Government or an Australian Territory.

ACL, through its internal policy and processes, is committed to managing operations in an environmentally sustainable manner to maximise resource efficiency in relation to the consumption of energy and natural resources and minimise waste.

ACL published its first Environmental, Social and Governance statement during FY22 and will release the FY22 statement in conjunction with the Annual Report.

## 19. Non-audit services

There is no person who has acted as an officer of the Group during the year who has previously been a partner at Pitcher Partners when that firm conducted Clinical Labs' audit.

During the year Pitcher Partners did not provide any non-audit services.

## 20. Auditors independence declaration

## AUSTRALIAN CLINICAL LABS LIMITED ABN: 94 645 711 128

## AUDITOR'S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION TO THE DIRECTORS OF AUSTRALIAN CLINICAL LABS LIMITED

In relation to the independent audit for the year ended 30 June 2022, to the best of my knowledge and belief there have been:

- (i) No contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 ; and
- (ii) No contraventions of APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence Standards) .

This declaration is in respect of Australian Clinical Labs Limited and the entities it controlled during the year.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

S D WHITCHURCH Partner Date: 9 August 2022

PITCHER PARTNERS Melbourne

Pitcher Partners. An independent Victorian Partnership ABN 27 975 255 196. Level 13, 664 Collins Street, Docklands, VIC 3008 Pitcher Partners is an association of independent firms. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation. Pitcher Partners is a member of the global network of Baker Tilly International Limited, the members of which are separate and independent legal entities

Adelaide  Brisbane  Melbourne  Newcastle  Sydney  Perth

<!-- image -->

## 21. Rounding amounts

The Company is an entity of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors' Report) Instrument 2016/191, dated 24 March 2016, and in accordance with that Instrument, amounts in this report and the financial report are rounded off to the nearest thousand dollars or, in certain cases, to the nearest dollar.

Some numerical figures included in this report have been subject to rounding adjustments. Any differences between totals and sums of components in tables or figures contained in this report are due to rounding.

## 22. Annual general meeting

ACL will be holding its AGM on 19 October 2022.

## Signing of Directors' Report

Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors made pursuant to section 298(2) of the Corporations Act 2001. On behalf of the Directors.

<!-- image -->

Michael Alscher Chair 9 August 2022

## Remuneration Report

## Overview

The Remuneration Report for the year ended 30 June 2022 (2022 Financial Year or FY22) forms part of the Directors' Report. It has been prepared in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (the Act), Corporations Regulation 2M.3.03, in compliance with AASB124 Related Party Disclosures, and audited as required by section 208(3C) of the Act. It also includes additional information and disclosures that are intended to support a deeper understanding of remuneration governance and practices, for shareholders, where statutory requirements are not sufficient.

## Report structure

The report is divided into the following sections:

| Section  Description  1  Letter from the Chair of the  Nomination and Remuneration  Committee  A brief introduction from the Chair of the Nomination and Remuneration  Committee outlining the Board's view of performance and reward in  FY22.  2  People covered by this report  This section provides details of the Directors and Executives who are  subject to the disclosure requirements of this report, together with the  Key Management Personnel (KMP), including roles and changes in roles.  3  Remuneration overview  This section provides an overview of performance and reward for FY22,  including 'at-a-glance' summaries, as well as key governance matters.  4  The Australian Clinical Labs  Remuneration Strategy, Policy and  Framework  This section provides details of the elements of the remuneration  framework, including market positioning, changes to fixed pay, variable  remuneration principles, and the terms of variable remuneration  5  The Link Between Performance and  Reward in FY22  This section addresses FY22 short and long term variable remuneration  outcomes based on performance measurement periods completed  during FY22, as well as the 'achieved' remuneration outcomes for  executives.  6  Statutory Tables and Disclosures  This section provides the statutory disclosures not addressed by  preceding sections of the report, including statutory remuneration  tables, changes in equity, KMP service agreements, related party loans/  transactions, and the engagement of external remuneration consultants.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Letter from the Chair of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee

Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the Remuneration Report for the year ended 30 June 2022 (FY22).

FY22 has been another successful year for ACL, its first full year as an ASX listed business.

While our staff, communities, markets and businesses continued to struggle with the effects of COVID-19, the Company and its shareholders have continued to enjoy a high level of year-on-year growth despite a background of market and sector volatility. The individual efforts of our teams during the last year cannot be underestimated.

The acquisition of Medlab Pathology, during this health epidemic, stretched our management team and process structure. Our management's combined efforts drove the integration to completion faster than planned and under budget. The East Coast rains flooded one of our newly-acquired labs but the impact was unseen by our customers as management and staff worked tirelessly to transfer work to other facilities.

ACL is fortunate to have personnel with extraordinary experience in many facets of pathology and health systems. Our goal is to ensure remuneration meets or exceeds our competitors and correctly recognises the efforts of our people in our collective drive to grow and expand your business. Your company is managed strongly and effectively with enthusiasm and skill.

Your Board has implemented a remuneration framework appropriate for a listed company, to provide a clear line of sight between Company performance and remuneration outcomes, in addition to creating a strong alignment between the interests of directors, employees and shareholders.

I welcome feedback on this report as an input into future considerations. You will notice that the remuneration emphasis is on Short-Term Variable Remuneration (STVR) and Long-Term Variable Remuneration (LTVR), not just base remuneration which allows increased focus and alignment to the goals of shareholders.

To further align our employees with the goals of the shareholders we instigated the 'Employee Share Trust / Emerging Leaders' equity fund in 1H21.  Forty key employees have been offered service rights vesting in December 2023 to deepen the incentive and demand structure in the business.

As I highlighted last year, some of the structures outlined in this report will not be evident for some time as the measurement periods for the first grant of LTVR will not conclude until the end of FY24.

While some key executives hold shares under a legacy (pre-listing) Management Equity Plan (MEP), a minimum of 30% of these shares remain in escrow which are subject to a service condition only.

On behalf of the Committee and the Board, I would like to thank shareholders for their ongoing support of the Company.

Mr. Andrew Dutton

<!-- image -->

Chair, Remuneration &amp; Nomination Committee

## a. People covered in this Report

This Report covers KMP which are defined as those who have the authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of ACL.

| Name  Role at year end  Appointed  Committee membership  Audit  Remuneration  and Nomination  Risk  Non-executive KMP  Michael Alscher*  Board Chair  19/12/2020  M  Nathanial Thomson*  Non-executive Director  19/12/2020  M  Andrew Dutton  Independent Non-executive  Director  28/4/2021  M  C  Dr Leanne Rowe AM  Independent Non-executive  Director  28/4/2021  M  M  Dr Michael Stanford AM  Independent Non-executive  Director  28/4/2021  M  C  Mark Haberlin  Independent Non-executive  Director  28/4/2021  C  M  Executive KMP  Melinda McGrath*  Chief Executive Officer and  Executive Director  9/11/2015  James Davison  Chief Financial Officer  1/2/2011   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* were previously directors of Clinical Laboratories Pty Ltd prior to the incorporation of Australian Clinical Labs Limited

## M = Member, C = Chair

Note: Appointment dates of non-executive KMPs above is the appointment date in Australian Clinical Labs Limited. Michael Alscher and Nathanial Thompson were appointed as Directors of Clinical Laboratories Pty Ltd, the preceding parent entity of the Group, on 11 August 2015 and 30 April 2018 respectively.

## b. Remuneration overview

## FY22 Remuneration executive structure at-a-glance

The following diagram outlines the executive KMP remuneration cycle under the remuneration framework.

| Component  FY22  FY23  FY24  FY25  FY26  Fixed  Fixed Pay Cash &amp;  Benefits  Short Term  STVR Performance  Period  Audit &amp; Metric  Assessment  Cash Award  Long Term  LTVR Performance Period - Performance Rights and SARs  with a TSR Vesting Condition  Audit, Metric Assessment, Vesting,  Exercise up to 5th Yr.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The table above represents the components of the FY22 remuneration being fixed component payable during the year, short term payable in FY23 as a results of audit and matrix assessment based on the FY22 year and long term exercisable in FY26 based on TSR from FY22 to FY24.

## Directors' Report

for the year ended 30 June 2022

## FY22 Company performance at-a-glance

The following outlines the Company's performance, which is intended to assist in demonstrating the link between performance, value creation for shareholders, and executive reward:

| FY End Date  Pro Forma Net  Profit After Tax  Share Price (end  of year) $  Pro Forma  Revenue Growth  Year on Year %  Pro Forma  EBITDA Growth  Year on Year %  Pro Forma NPAT  Growth Year on  Year %  30/06/2022  $178.2m  $4.59  47.6%  61.6%  100.9%  30/06/2021  $88.7m  $3.40  29.0%  98.4%  659.1%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In addition to these metrics linked to value creation and the variable remuneration structures, the following were notable performance achievements for the year:

- Successful integration of SunDoctors;
- Acquisition of Medlab Pathology; and
- NPAT growth year on year of 100.9%.

## FY23 Executive remuneration opportunities

During FY22 there have been no changes to existing STVR plan or LTVR plan or any issue of new rights associated with the LTVR. The following charts outline the remuneration opportunities for FY23 under the current remuneration structures, with the outcomes dependent on performance over FY23 for STVR and over FY22 to FY24 for LTVR.

<!-- image -->

## Key KMP Remuneration Governance Development in FY22

There were no key remuneration governance developments that occurred in FY22.

## c. The Australian Clinical Labs remuneration strategy, policy and framework

## Executive remuneration - Fixed Pay (FP), Total Remuneration Package (TRP) and the variable remuneration framework

Fixed Pay (FP) comprises base salary plus any other fixed elements such as superannuation, allowances, benefits and fringe benefits tax for example. Fixed Pay is intended to be positioned at P50 of market benchmarks for comparably designed roles.

Total Remuneration Package (TRP) is intended to be composed of an appropriate mix of remuneration elements including FP, Short-Term Variable Remuneration (STVR) and Long-Term Variable Remuneration (LTVR). The Target TRP (TTRP), being the TRP value at target/expected performance) is generally intended to fall around the P62.5 of market benchmarks, subject to smoothing for volatility across role samples at the same level. The Board views P62.5 market positioning as an indicator of P50 TTRP opportunities due to the impact of AASB2/IFRS2 and nil (sometimes negative) values that often appear in market data based on statutory disclosure, dragging down the market data compared to actual remuneration opportunities. That is, share based payment expenses for accounting purposes may be nil (sometimes negative) in market data therefore the Board views P62.5 market positioning as an indicator of P50.

Variable remuneration is not a 'bonus', but a blend of at-risk remuneration (below target) and incentives (above target and up to stretch/maximum). Metrics selected are intended to be linked to the primary drivers of value creation for stakeholders, and successful implementation of the long term strategy over both the short and long term. Thresholds are intended to be a near-miss of expectations, while target is intended to be a challenging but realistically achievable objective with a probability of around 50% to 60%. Stretch on the other hand is designed to be exceptionally challenging with a probability of around 10% to 20%.

The Board's approach to the variable remuneration framework and how it fits within the remuneration policy is demonstrated in the below graphic:

| Variable Remuneration Component  Policy Market Position - TRP  Performance  Target to Stretch - Incentive / Upside  P100+  Exceeds Expectations  P62.5 to P100  Target - Expected Reward  P62.5  Meets Expectations  Threshold to Target - At Risk/Down Side  P50 to P62.5  Below Expectations  P50  Fixed Pay Only  P10-(P50 of Fixed Pay Benchmarks)  Below Threshold   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Executive KMP remuneration will be tested annually by reference to appropriate independently sourced comparable benchmark data, and specific advice as may be appropriate from time to time. Benchmark groups are generally designed to be based on 20 companies from the same market sector, within a range of 50% to 200% of the market value of the Company at the time, and evenly balanced to ensure measures of central tendency are highly relevant. Benchmarks may be adjusted upwards or downwards for variations in role design compared to market benchmark roles, and individual remuneration may vary by +/- 20% compared to the policy midpoint, to reflect individual/incumbent factors such as experience, qualifications and performance.

## Short-Term Variable Remuneration (STVR) plan

A description of the STVR structure is set out below. No changes will be made to this plan for FY23.

| Purpose  To provide at-risk remuneration and incentives that rewards executives for performance  against annual objectives set by the Board at the beginning of the financial year. Objectives  selected are designed to support long-term value creation for shareholders, and link to the  long-term strategy on an annual basis.  Measurement Period  The financial year of the Company.  Opportunity  The target value is 50% of Fixed Pay for the CEO, with a maximum/Stretch of 100% of  Fixed Pay.  The target value is 40% of Fixed Pay for the CFO, with a maximum/Stretch of 80% of  Fixed Pay.  Outcome Metrics and  Weightings  The STVR is dependent on meeting group performance objectives. The metrics are based off  EBITDA performance.  This metrics was selected because it is viewed by the Board as the primary drivers of value  creation for the business.  Settlement  Awards are determined following auditing of accounts after the end of the financial year.  Service condition  STVR is subject to the participant remaining employed on the last day of the financial year  unless otherwise determined by the Board.  Malus and Clawback  The STVR is currently not subject to any malus or clawback clauses or policies, however this  will be reviewed in FY23.  Board Discretions  The Board has discretion to modify the awards payable to participants regardless of any  performance outcome or gate, to ensure that outcomes are appropriate to the circumstances  that prevailed over the Measurement Period.  Corporate Actions  The Board has discretion to determine the treatment of unpaid STVR in the case of major  corporate actions such as a change in control, delisting, major return of capital or demerger.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Long-Term Variable Remuneration (LTVR) plan

A description of the LTVR structure is set out below. No changes will be made to this plan for FY23. Details of the Company's legacy equity plan, the Management Equity Plan, under which the CEO and CFO currently also hold shares, are provided later in this section of the report.

| Purpose  To provide at-risk remuneration and incentives that rewards executives for performance  against long-term value creation objectives set by the Board at the beginning of the financial  year and to align the interests of executives with the interests of shareholders through 'skin in  the game'.  Measurement Period  Three financial years including the financial year of grant.  Opportunity  The target value is 50% of Fixed Pay for the CEO, with a maximum/stretch of double the  target, or 100% of Fixed Pay.  The target value is 40% of Fixed Pay for the CFO, with a maximum/stretch of 80% of  Fixed Pay.  Instrument  The Awards that may be offered under the LTVR Plan consist of Performance Rights for the  CEO and CFO.  Price and exercise price  The Price is nil, because it forms part of the remuneration of the participant.  The Exercise Price is nil.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Allocation method  The Rights are valued using the following method:  Right Value = Share Price - (Annual Dividend x Years to First Exercise)  The Number of Rights to be granted = FP$ x Target LTVR % ÷ Target Vesting % ÷ Right Value  Share Price = Volume Weighted Average Price during last 21 days or listing price if less than  21 days.  Note: dividing target $ by the vesting % at target grosses the grant up to the stretch $ level.  Performance Metrics  and Weightings  Granted Performance Rights have an Indexed Total Shareholder Return (iTSR) vesting  condition (100% weighting). The vesting of such Performance Rights will be determined by  comparing the Company's TSR over the Measurement Period with the TSR of the S&amp;P/ASX  300 industrials Ex-Financials and Resources Index.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

50% of the Performance Rights will vest based on the following vesting schedule:

| Performance Level  Company's TSR compared to  S&amp;P/ASX300 Ex- Financials  and Resources Index over  performance period  % of Tranche  Vesting  Target  Index TSR + 5% CAGR  100%  Threshold  Index TSR  50%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Outcomes that fall between the threshold and target level of performance will result in a prorata calculation being applied.

50% of the Performance Rights will vest based on the following vesting schedule:

| Performance Level  Company's TSR compared to  S&amp;P/ASX300 Ex- Financials  and Resources Index over  performance period  % of Tranche  Vesting  Stretch  index movement + 10% CAGR  100%  Below stretch  &lt; Index TSR +10% CAGR  0%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There will be no pro-rata calculation applied for outcomes that fall below the stretch level of performance.

TSR is the sum of share price appreciation and dividends (assumed to be reinvested in shares) during the measurement period. It is annualised for the purposes of the above vesting scale. The TSR of the Company over the measurement period will be calculated and converted to a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) value for the purposes of assessment against this scale. During periods of nil dividends being declared, TSR is equal to change in share price.

This metric was selected because it is the best measure of value creation for shareholders that adjusts for windfall gains and losses arising from broad market movements.

Equity grants are tested against the performance measures set. If the performance hurdles are not met at the vesting date, Performance Rights lapse.

| Gate  iTSR Performance Rights are subject to a gate of TSR for ACL being positive for the Measurement Period to ensure the grant does not vest when shareholders are losing value.  Settlement  The Rights are 'Indeterminate' which may be settled in the form of a Company Share  (including a Restricted Share), or cash equivalent, upon valid exercise.  Term  Rights must be exercised within 5 years of the Grant Date, otherwise they lapse.  Service condition  In addition to the performance conditions, continued service during the full Measurement  Period is a requirement in order for any Rights to become eligible to vest.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Malus and Clawback  The LTVR plan includes malus and clawback clauses which will result in forfeiture of  unvested Rights in a range of circumstances, including material misstatements resulting  in overpayment, the participant joining a competitor or being involved in actions that are  deemed to have harmed other stakeholders.  Board discretions  The Board has discretion to modify vesting to participants regardless of any performance  outcome or gate, to ensure that outcomes are appropriate to the circumstances that prevailed  over the Measurement Period.  Corporate actions  In the case of a Change in Control, unvested Rights will vest in the proportion that the elapsed  portion of the Measurement period bears to the full Measurement period. The Board, in its  discretion, may determine that none, some or all of the remaining unvested Rights also vest.  Any Rights that remain unvested following exercise of the Board's discretion will lapse.  In the case of a major return of capital or demerger, the Board has discretion to bring forward  vesting or to alter the number of Rights or the Exercise Price or to alter Vesting Conditions to  ensure that the outcomes is fair to participants. This is because following such an event the  share price is likely to be materially different from the basis of the grant, and performance  conditions set may be unable to be met.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Management Equity Plan (MEP/Legacy Plan)

The Group has previously established an equity incentive plan under which certain senior executives received ordinary shares as part of their incentive arrangements (Management Equity Plan and MEP Shares). Equity issued under the Management Equity Plan will be dealt with as described below to ensure that participants continue to be motivated to achieve sustained growth for shareholders.

Under the arrangements for the issue of the MEP Shares, if a participant ceases to be employed by the Group, the participant will no longer have an entitlement to MEP Shares still under escrow.

There are currently 2,408,043 MEP Shares which are being held in escrow as follows:

- One-half will be released from escrow following announcement of the Company's financial results for the period ended 30 June 2022
- One-half will be released from escrow following announcement of the Company's financial results for the period ended 31 December 2022

No further shares will be issued under the Legacy Plan.

## Non-Executive Director (NED) fee policy

The following outlines the principles that Australian Clinical Labs applies to governing NED remuneration:

| Principle  Comment  Fees are set by reference to  key considerations  Fees for Non-executive Directors are based on the nature of the Directors' work and their  responsibilities, taking into account the nature and complexity of the Company and the  skills and experience of the Director. Non-executive Directors' fees are recommended  by the Nomination &amp; Remuneration Committee and determined by the Board. External  consultants may be used to source the relevant data and commentary or to obtain  independent recommendations given the potential for a conflict of interest in the Board  setting its own fees.  Remuneration is structured  to preserve independence  whilst creating alignment  To preserve independence and impartiality, Non-executive Directors are not entitled to any  form of variable remuneration payments and the level of their fees is not set with reference  to measures of the Company's performance. Non-executive Directors are encouraged to  hold shares in the company, however they do not currently receive equity as part of their  remuneration.  Aggregate board fees  The total amount of fees paid to Non-executive Directors is within the aggregate amount  disclosed in the Company Constitution of $1,500,000 per annum.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following outlines the Board Fees applicable as at the end of FY22:

| Role / Function  Main Board  Audit Committee  Remuneration  and Nomination  Committee  Risk Committee  Chair  $180,000  $15,000  $15,000  $15,000  Member  $120,000  $10,000  $10,000  $10,000   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Fees are expressed as inclusive of superannuation. Non-executive Directors are also reimbursed for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses that are incurred in the discharge of their role.

There are no planned increases in the table above for FY23.

## Other elements of the KMP remuneration governance framework

The following outlines the other elements that together with the foregoing form the KMP remuneration governance framework:

- The Nomination and Remuneration Committee Charter, which outlines the roles and responsibilities of the committee. This is available for inspection on the Company website.
- The Securities Trading Policy, which outlines under what circumstances and when trading in ACL securities by KMP and other nominated employees may be permitted or prohibited.
- External Remuneration Consultant (ERC) Engagement Policy which is intended to ensure the independence of any recommendation received regarding KMP remuneration, and which supports the Board's published statements regarding such recommendations. In addition to the requirements outlined in the Corporations Act, it requires the ERC to notify the Board if management makes contact with the ERC on remuneration matters outside of interactions approved or supervised by the Board, such as the provision of factual information for benchmarking purposes.

## d. The link between performance and reward in FY22

The Board views the outcomes of remuneration for FY22 performance as appropriately aligned with stakeholder interests generally, given the strong group and individual performance against annual objectives, the substantial shareholder value created through share price growth, and progress towards strategy objectives made by the executive team.

## FY22 STVR Outcomes

The STVR plan is designed to reward executives for the achievement against annual performance objectives set by the Board at the beginning of the performance period. The payment of an STVR is dependent on delivery of performance against a range of outcome metrics. The primary metrics and outcomes of assessment against those metrics are summarised below:

| Metric/Measure  Weight  Performance  Outcome (% of Target)  % of Target $  Payable  Financial Performance  100%  This metric is viewed as the  primary financial driver of  shareholder value creation  under the current strategy.  &gt;150% of EBITDA vs  Budget achieved  200%  Stretch  200%  Target  100%  Threshold  50%  200% of Target $  Payable   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Directors' Report

for the year ended 30 June 2022

## Achieved total remuneration package for FY22

The following outlines 'Achieved' total remuneration, including the portions of maximum variable remuneration that were awarded or vested, and portions that were forfeited or lapsed as the result of performance assessments:

## Fixed Pay (incl Super) Total STVR Awarded Following Completion of the Financial Year Value of MEP Shares that Vested Following Completion of the Measurement Period/FY

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| Amount  % of  TRP  Amount (i)  % of Max  Awarded  % of Max  Forfeited  % of  TRP  Amount (ii)  % of Max  Vested  % of Max  Lapsed  % of  TRP  Achieved Total  Remuneration  Package (TRP)  Gains/Losses on  Vested LTVR from  Change in Value  Before Vesting (iii)  Ms Melinda  McGrath  Chief  Executive  Officer and  Executive  Director  FY22  $908,771  50%  $900,000  100%  0%  50%  $0  0%  0%  0%  $1,808,771  $0  FY21  $919,328  41%  $900,000  100%  0%  40%  $425,872  100%  0%  19%  $2,245,200  $2,263,592  Mr James  Davison  Chief Financial  Officer  FY22  $504,996  56%  $404,000  100%  0%  44%  $0  0%  0%  0%  $908,996  $0  FY21  $500,667  52%  $346,678  100%  0%  36%  $115,091  100%  0%  12%  $962,436  $611,730   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(i)  This is the value of the total STVR award calculated and accrued during the FY22. It will be settled following the release of the FY22 full year results. (ii)  This is the grant value of the LTVR that vested at IPO i.e. number that vested multiplied by the Black-Scholes value at grant. (iii)  This is the difference between the Black-Scholes value at grant, and the realisable value based on the market value of a share at the time of vesting, for the LTVR that vested at IPO.

## e. Statutory tables and supporting disclosures

The following table outlines the statutory remuneration of executive KMP. These disclosures have been calculated in accordance with the Australian accounting standards:

| ## Fixed Pay  ## Variable Remuneration  Total for Year Other Statutory Items  Name  Role(s)  FY  Salary  Super  Other  Benefits  (v)  Total Fixed Pay  Cash STVR  (i)  LTVR  (ii)  MEP  (iii)  MEP  Accelerated  (iv)  Statutory  Total  Remuneration  Package (TRP)  Change in  Accrued  Leave  Termination  Benefits  Amount  % of  TRP  Amount  % of  TRP  Amount  % of  TRP  Amount  % of  TRP  Amount  % of  TRP  Ms Melinda  McGrath  Chief  Executive  Officer and  Executive  Director  FY22 $872,508  $27,058  $9,205  $908,771  47% $900,000  46%  $134,432  7%  $0  0%  $0  0%  $1,943,202  ($2,747)  $0  FY21  $875,418  $24,600  $19,311  $919,328  40% $900,000  39%  $13,259  1%  $110,115  5%  $368,993  16%  $2,311,695  $73,115  $0  Mr James  Davison  Chief  Financial  Officer  FY22  $467,520  $27,480  $9,996  $504,996  52% $404,000  42%  $60,345  6%  $0  0%  $0  0%  $969,341  $27,091  $0  FY21  $466,071  $24,600  $9,996  $500,667  51%  $346,678  35%  $5,952  1%  $29,758  3%  $99,719  10%  $982,774  ($6,043)  $0   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(i)  Note that the STVR value reported in this table is the STVR that was accrued during the reporting period. This will be paid following the release of the FY22 full year results. (ii)    Note that the LTVR value reported in this table is the amortised accounting charge of all grants that have not lapsed or vested as at the start of the reporting period. Where a market based measure of performance is used such as TSR, no adjustments can be made to reflect actual LTVR vesting.

(iii)  Note that the MEP value reported in this table is the amortised accounting charge of all grants that had not lapsed or vested up to IPO.

(iv)  Note that the MEP accelerated value reported in this table is the accelerated accounting charge of all grants that vested at IPO including those are held within escrow.

(v)  Other benefits include items such as car parking, car allowances, FBT, etc.

## Non-executive Director KMP statutory remuneration of FY22

The following table outlines the statutory and audited (A-IFRS) remuneration of NEDs ($, except where otherwise indicated):

| Name  Role(s)  Year  Cash Board  Fees  Committee  Fees  Superannuation  Other  Benefits (i)  Total  Mr Michael Alscher  Board Chair  2022  $180,000  $5,973  $0  $0  $185,973  2021  $127,097  $0  $0  $0  $127,097  Mr Nathanial Thomson  Non-executive  Director  2022  $120,000  $10,000  $0  $0  $130,000  2021  $66,616  $1,663  $0  $0  $68,279  Mr Andrew Dutton  Independent Non-  executive Director  2022  $109,091  $22,727  $13,182  $0  $145,000  2021  $19,951  $4,156  $2,290  $28,274  $54,671  Dr Leanne Rowe AM  Independent Non-  executive Director  2022  $109,091  $18,182  $12,727  $0  $140,000  2021  $19,951  $3,325  $2,211  $26,301  $51,788  Dr Michael Stanford  AM  Independent Non-  executive Director  2022  $109,091  $22,727  $13,182  $0  $145,000  2021  $19,951  $4,156  $2,290  $28,274  $54,671  Mr Mark Haberlin  Independent Non-  executive Director  2022  $109,091  $22,727  $13,182  $0  $145,000  2021  $19,951  $4,156  $2,290  $15,781  $42,178  Mr Michael Lukin  Independent Non-  executive Director  2022  $0  $0  $0  $0  $0  2021  $52,903  $0  $0  $0  $52,903  Mr Joel Mahemoff  Independent Non-  executive Director  2022  $0  $0  $0  $0  $0  2021  $52,903  $0  $0  $0  $52,903  Dr Shane Kelly  Independent Non-  executive Director  2022  $0  $0  $0  $0  $0  2021  $30,000  $0  $0  $0  $30,000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(i)  Other benefits relates to consulting fees that were paid prior to the Director being appointed as a Director of the Company.

## KMP equity interests and changes during FY22

Movements in equity interests held by executive KMP during the reporting period, including their related parties, are set out below. All equity interests are granted by the listed entity unless otherwise specified:

| Name  Instrument  Number Held  at Open FY22  FY22 Purchased/  Other  FY22 Sold  Number Held  at Close FY22  Shares held in  escrow (MEP)  Number  Number  Number  Number  Number  Shares  2,791,473  66,200  -  2,857,673  1,905,116  Ms Melinda McGrath  Unvested  Rights  247,252  -  -  247,252  -  Shares  754,390  -  (191,291)  563,099  502,927  Mr James Davison  Unvested  Rights  110,988  -  -  110,988  -  TOTALS  3,904,103  66,200  (191,291)  3,779,012  2,408,043   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Movements in equity interests held by non-executive KMP during the reporting period, including their related parties, are set out below:

| Number Held at  Open FY22  FY22 Purchased/  Other  Number Held at  Close FY22 (ii)  Name  Instrument  Number  Number  Number  Mr Michael Alscher  Shares  250,000  5,928  255,928  Mr Andrew Dutton  Shares  80,000  1,897  81,897  Dr Leanne Rowe AM  Shares  37,500  -  37,500  Dr Michael Stanford AM  Shares  30,000  8,000  38,000  Mr Mark Haberlin  Shares  25,000  22,500  47,500   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following outlines the accounting values and potential future costs of equity remuneration granted for executive KMP:

| ## Equity  Grants  Tranche  Grant  Type  Number  Vesting  Conditions  Grant  Date  Fair  Value  Each  At  Grant  Date  Total Fair  Value at  Grant  Value  Expensed  in FY22  Max  Value  to be  Expensed  in Future  Years  Name  Ms Melinda  McGrath  Tranche 1  LTVR  Rights  123,626  iTSR  25/05/2021  3.64  449,999  80,259  152,822  Tranche 2  LTVR  Rights  123,626  iTSR  25/05/2021  3.64  449,999  54,173  103,151  Mr James  Davison  Tranche 1  LTVR  Rights  55,494  iTSR  25/05/2021  3.64  201,998  36,027  68,600  Tranche 2  LTVR  Rights  55,494  iTSR  25/05/2021  3.64  201,998  24,317  46,303  TOTALS  n/a  n/a  358,240  n/a  n/a  n/a  1,303,994  194,776  370,875   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: All Rights granted under the LTVR in FY21 will expire in FY26. They may only be exercised after vesting which is expected to occur after release of the year ended 30 June 2024 results.

The total fair value at grant date differs from the total value expected to be expensed through the profit and loss due to the measure of the plan using the Monte Carlo valuation for accounting purposes, which is different to the valuation at grant date.

## KMP Service Agreements

## Executive KMP Service Agreements

The following outlines current executive KMP service agreements:

| Period of Notice  Name  Position Held at  Close of FY22  Employing  Company  Duration of  Contract  From  Company  From KMP  Ms Melinda McGrath  Chief Executive  Officer and  Executive Director  Australian  Clinical Labs  Limited  No fixed term  6 months  6 months  Mr James Davison  Chief Financial  Officer  Australian  Clinical Labs  Limited  No fixed term  6 months  6 months   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Non-executive Directors service agreements

Non-executive Directors are appointed under a service agreement. The service agreements stipulate that Non-executive Directors' fees are inclusive of superannuation and that Non-executive Directors are not eligible for any termination benefits or other contractual or statutory entitlements (other than superannuation) following termination of their office.

## Other statutory disclosures

## Loans to KMP and their related parties

During the financial year and to the date of this report, the Company has not made any loans to Directors and other KMP.

There are no loan balances outstanding as at 30 June 2022 with any related parties.

## Other transactions with KMP

Certain Directors and KMP, or their personally-related entities (Related Parties), hold positions in other entities that result in them having control or significant influence over the financial or operating policies of those entities. A number of these entities transacted with the Company in the FY22 reporting period. The terms and conditions of the transactions were no more favourable than those available, or which might reasonably be expected to be available, on similar transactions with unrelated entities on an arms-length basis.

During the year the Group paid for convertible notes in Geneseq Pty Ltd (Geneseq). Certain KMP are also appointed Directors of Geneseq and also hold shares in the entity. The terms and conditions of the acquisition were no more favourable than those available, or which might reasonably be expected to be available, on similar transactions with unrelated entities on an arms-length basis.

There were no transactions which occurred with entities controlled by Related Parties.

Corporate Governance Statement

## Introduction

Australian Clinical Labs Limited (ACN 645 711 128) ( ACL ) has adopted the ASX Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations, 4 th  edition ( ASX 4 th  Principles ) that apply to entities listed on the Australian Securities Exchange as a foundation stone of its corporate governance framework. This Corporate Governance Statement describes the corporate governance framework that was in place at ACL during the financial year ended 30 June 2022. This statement was approved by the Board on 9 August 2022.

ACL is a leading provider of pathology services, skin cancer clinics and other diagnostics modalities in Australia and one of the largest hospital pathology businesses nationally with 1336 approved collection centres ( ACCs ) (as at 30 June 2022). ACL became a publicly listed company on the ASX on 14 May 2021. In December 2021, ACL acquired MedLab and it now has a national footprint on mainland Australia.

ACL generates revenue by providing pathology services across the community, hospital and other pathology segments with operations as follows:

- Community pathology: ACL operates 1336 ACCs from which it collects community pathology samples (as at 30 June 2022). ACL's clinics are mostly co-located at medical centres, where ACL leases an area within the medical centre and provides an ACL employee to conduct the sample collection. ACL also operates 31 skin cancer clinics under the SunDoctors brand across Queensland, New South Wales, South Australia and Victoria. ACL also sources pathology samples from general practitioners, specialists and patients that self-collect their samples;
- Hospital pathology: ACL provides services to public and private hospitals, which include large-scale hospital facilities, day hospitals, acute care facilities, 24/7 emergency departments and smaller regional hospitals;
- Other pathology: ACL provides a number of other pathology services to other users which include veterinary clinics, phase one clinical trials providers, functional pathology providers, corporate organisations to assist compliance with workplace health and safety regulations and government organisations, including the Australian Department of Defence.

During the financial year ending 30 June 2022, the corporate governance framework that ACL adopted to enable and facilitate the performance of its operations comprised:

- a board of directors ( Board ), which is responsible for managing and directing the affairs of ACL and which is legally responsible for its operations. The Board is supported in this role by a number of standing committees of the Board;
- a senior executive management team ( Executive Team ), which is led by a Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ). The CEO and Executive Team are responsible for the day to day operations of ACL and for implementing ACL's strategy. The CEO is also an executive director of the Board;
- external assurance provided by its external auditor, its internal auditor and other professional advisers; and
- internal assurance provided through reporting from ACL's risk team and internal quality assurance team.

The corporate governance framework in place during FY22 can be visually represented as follows:

<!-- image -->

The legal and constitutional framework that governs ACL consists principally of its Constitution, the Corporations Act 2001 and the ASX Listing Rules. ACL is also accredited by the National Association of Testing Authorities ( NATA ) and is subject to its governance and compliance requirements.

## Principle 1: Lay Solid Foundations for Management and Oversight

## Roles and Responsibilities

The Board is the legal decision-making body of ACL and has responsibility for the development and approval of strategy, monitoring the implementation of strategy by the CEO and Executive Team and oversight of ACL's financial position and financial reporting.

The Board's main functions are:

- to strive to build sustainable value for shareholders whilst protecting the assets and reputation of ACL;
- to demonstrate leadership, including at strategic and cultural levels;
- to define ACL's purpose and to set its strategies, budgets and business plans;
- to approve ACL's statement of values and code of conduct to underpin a culture of acting lawfully, ethically and responsibly;
- to satisfy itself that ACL has in place an appropriate risk management framework (for both financial and non-financial risks as well as risks relating to clinical governance) and setting the risk appetite within which the Board expects management to operate;
- to satisfying itself that ACL's remuneration policies are aligned with its purpose, values, strategic objectives and risk appetite;
- to oversee management in its implementation of ACL's strategic objectives, its role in instilling ACL's values and performance generally;
- to monitor the performance of the CEO and the Executive Team;
- to set measurable objectives for achieving gender diversity in the composition of ACL's Board, the Executive Team and workforce generally;
- to approve major borrowing and debt arrangements, the acquisition, establishment, disposal or cessation of any significant business of the company, any significant transaction or capital expenditure and the issue of any shares, options, equity instruments or other securities in ACL;
- to approve ACL's annual report including the financial statements, directors' report, remuneration report and corporate governance statement, with advice from the Remuneration and Nomination Committee, the Audit Committee and the Risk Committee, as appropriate;
- to oversee ACL's process for making timely and balanced disclosure of all material information concerning ACL that a reasonable person would expect to have a material effect on the price or value of ACL's securities;
- to satisfy itself that an appropriate framework exists for relevant information to be reported to the Board by management;
- to recognise that ACL provides professional medical services and therefore, ACL should adhere to medical ethics and ACL's code of conduct, and value the importance of ACL's commitment to empower decision making that saves and improves patient's lives;
- whenever required, to challenge management and hold it to account;
- to review operating information to understand at all times the state of health of ACL;
- to consider the economic, occupational health and safety, environmental and social sustainability risks of ACL's activities;
- to ensure that ACL acts legally and responsibly on all matters and that the highest ethical standards are maintained;
- to develop an investor relations program to facilitate effective two-way communication with investors;
- to maintain a constructive and ongoing relationship with the ASX and regulators, and to approve policies regarding disclosure and communications with the market and ACL's shareholders; and
- to monitor the effectiveness of, and approving changes to, internal governance including delegated authorities, and monitoring resources available to Senior Management.

The Board has a charter which sets out its role and its responsibilities in more detail and provides guidance on the functions which it has reserved to itself. A copy of the Board Charter can be found on our website.

During the 2022 financial year, the Board delegated certain responsibilities to its three Board committees being:

- the Audit Committee, which is responsible for overseeing the financial reporting, financial risk management, tax, internal control systems, internal and external audit functions;
- the Risk Committee, which is responsible for overseeing the establishment of and approving ACL's risk management framework for both financial and non-financial risk (with the assistance of the Audit Committee) as well as risks relating to clinical governance and monitoring the effectiveness of that framework;
- the Remuneration and Nomination Committee, which is responsible for overseeing the remuneration policy and strategy, the performance of the CEO and the Executive Team, and CEO and Board succession planning.

Each Board committee has its own charter which sets out its role and responsibilities in more detail. The committees meet at least quarterly or more frequently if required. Regular reporting on the activities of each committee is provided to the Board. On 28 June 2022, the Board reviewed the charters and composition of its Board committees and has resolved to make various changes that will be put in place during the 2023 financial year.

Under the terms of the Board Charter, the Board has delegated authority and power to manage the daily operations of ACL to the CEO within levels of authority specified by the Board. The CEO may delegate aspects of her authority and power but remains accountable to the Board for ACL's performance and is required to report regularly to the Board on progress being made by ACL's business units.

ACL has 29 subsidiaries and the boards of ACL's subsidiaries are generally comprised of executive directors. ACL's corporate governance framework, including its risk management and compliance framework, applies to its subsidiaries.

During the reporting period, the Board has held 16 Board meetings, with attendance as follows:

| Name of director  Eligible to attend  Attended  Michael Alscher (Chair)  16  16  Melinda McGrath (Managing Director and Group CEO)  16  16  Andrew Dutton  16  16  Mark (Harry) Haberlin  16  15  Dr Leanne Rowe AM  16  15  Dr Michael Stanford AM  16  16  Nathanial Thomson  16  15   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Principle 1: Lay Solid Foundations for Management and Oversight continued

## Appointment of directors

ACL's constitution provides that directors are appointed as a casual vacancy to the Board and then must stand for formal appointment by a vote of shareholders at the next AGM. Subject to the requirement that an election of directors must occur each year at ACL's AGM, a director will generally serve a term of 3 years from appointment and is then eligible to stand for re-appointment for a further term of 3 years. There are no maximum tenure provisions in ACL's Constitution. As ACL was incorporated in November 2020 as part of the preparation for the IPO, all directors are relatively new appointments. At the 2021 AGM, Michael Alscher and Nathanial Thomson were re-appointed in conformance with the obligation under ACL's constitution that a certain number of directors stand for election each year, irrespective of the length of tenure.

In the notice of meeting proposing resolutions to appoint directors, Shareholders will be provided with information in relation to a director's biographical details, qualifications, skills and experience, as well as details of any other directorships or material interests that they hold. The Board will also provide its recommendation in relation to any proposed re-appointment.

If a Board vacancy arises, the Remuneration and Nominations Committee will conduct a search for a new director, having regard to ACL's commitment that the Board should comprise directors with a broad range of skills, expertise and experience from a diverse range of backgrounds and able to contribute to the effective direction of the Company. Appropriate reference and background checks are conducted when a director is first appointed to the Board.

## Service Agreements

Upon appointment and re-appointment, directors are provided with written agreements that set out the terms of their appointment, including the required time commitment, remuneration arrangements including superannuation, the requirement to disclose material interests and any matter which may affect their independence, the requirement to comply with key policies including ACL's code of conduct, indemnity and insurance arrangement, access to corporate records and ongoing confidentiality arrangements.

All senior executives, including the CEO and Executive Team, have contracts of employment that set out the terms and conditions of their employment, including rights and obligations in respect of the termination of their employment and the circumstances in which summary termination may occur.

## Secretary

The Company Secretary is appointed by the Board and all directors have direct access to the Company Secretary. The Company Secretary attends Board and Committee meetings and is responsible for providing the Board with advice on corporate governance issues. The Company Secretary is responsible for the operation of the company secretariat function and is accountable to the Board through the Chair on all matters to do with the proper functioning of the Board. The Company Secretary is also responsible for communications with the ASX about listing rule matters, including making disclosures to the ASX in accordance with the ACL's Disclosure Policy.

During the reporting period the Board had access to the services and advice of Eleanor Padman, the Company Secretary. Details of the experience and qualifications of Eleanor Padman are set out in ACL's 2022 Directors' Report.

## Inclusion and Diversity

The Board considers that inclusion and diversity ( I&amp;D ) in all its forms supports ACL's strategy and values and allows ACL to achieve better overall performance by allowing ACL to compete for the widest possible pool of talent, attract and retain employees whilst also encouraging a variety of viewpoints that enhance problem-solving, continual improvement and innovation.

ACL has a Diversity Policy which applies to the employees and officers of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Diversity Policy provides that the Board is responsible for setting measurable objectives to promote gender diversity and the Company's progress in achieving them. During FY22 the Board set gender diversity targets of 40 : 40 : 20 (male/ female/any) for the Board, senior management and the workforce generally. A copy of ACL's Diversity Policy can be found on our website.

As at 30 June 2022, the respective proportions of men and women on the Board, the CEO and the Executive Team (defined as the CEO's direct reports and excluding the CEO) were as follows:

| Board  CEO  Executive Team  Number  Percentage  Number  Percentage  Number  Percentage  Men  5  71.4%  7  64%  Women  2*  28.5%  1  100%  4  36%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* including the CEO in a smaller font

ACL is a relevant employer under the Australian Workplace Gender Equality Act 2012 (Cth) and remains compliant with its reporting obligations under this legislation.

Further information in respect of ACL's approach to I&amp;D can be found in its ;.

## Performance of the Board

The Board charter provides that the Board will, with the guidance of the Remuneration and Nominations Committee, regularly review the performance of the Board, its Committees and each director. The Committee charters provide that the performance of the Committees will be assessed bi-ennially.

During the reporting period, the Board, with the assistance of the Remuneration and Nominations Committee, designed and conducted a Board performance evaluation, comprising of a self-assessment coupled with seeking feedback from the Executive Team. The Board also conducted a review of the composition and role of each Committee to ensure, after a year of operation, that they are functioning optimally.

## Performance of CEO and senior executives

Performance reviews of the CEO and CFO are performed annually by the Board, with the assistance of the Remuneration and Nominations Committee where required. The CEO is responsible for conducting performance reviews of the other members of the Executive Team (other than the CFO). The Executive Team's performance is reviewed against a number of metrics which include:

- economic performance
- positioning the Company for growth;
- culture, innovation, staff engagement and leadership; and
- brand and relationship management.

During the reporting period, performance reviews were completed for the CEO, CFO and the other members of the Executive Team.

for the year ended 30 June 2022

## Principle 2: Structure the Board to add Value

## Remuneration and Nominations Committee

The Remuneration and Nominations Committee is a standing committee of the Board. During the reporting period its members were Andrew Dutton (Chair), Leanne Rowe AM and Nathanial Thomson. Andrew Dutton and Leanne Rowe are both considered to be independent within the meaning of Box 2.3 of the ASX Principles.

During the reporting period, the Remunerations and Nominations Committee held three meetings and one joint meeting with the Audit Committee with attendance as follows:

| Name of director  Eligible to attend  Attended  Andrew Dutton (Chair)  4  4  Dr Leanne Rowe AM  4  4  Nathanial Thomson  4  4   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As set out in its charter, the function of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee is to assist the Board in discharging the following responsibilities in relation to ACL:

- the recruitment of directors and Senior Management, including ensuring that appropriate background checks are performed;
- remuneration policies, including evaluating and approving remuneration packages for the CEO, Senior Management and non-executive directors and engaging external remuneration consultants;
- developing and approving short and long term incentive plans and equity plans;
- Board performance and composition, including the appropriate size and diversity of the Board, the development of skills matrices, selection criteria, succession plans, induction processes and any other requirements for the Board;
- Overseeing remuneration related disclosures required in ACL's annual statutory reporting.

A full copy of the Committee's charter can be found at https:/ /investors.clinicallabs.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/ ACL-Limited-Remuneration-and-Nomination-Committee-Charter.pdf

## Board skills matrix

During FY22, the Remuneration and Nominations Committee designed a Board skills matrix to ensure that the Board is constituted to best align with ACL's strategic objectives. The Board skills matrix provides an evaluation of the technical skills, knowledge and experience of directors and helps to ensure diversity of perspectives.

The 2022 Board skills matrix was completed through directors' self-assessment and then calibrated by the Board. It shows that the current composition of the Board has the following skills and sector experience:

| Skill  Expert  Proficient  Developing  Leadership:  holding senior positions of leadership in business, private  practice, government, or the not-for-profit sector.  ✓  Financial acumen:  understanding of financial accounting and reporting,  corporate finance principles, financial controls, treasury management.  ✓  Governance:  experience of working in a listed environment with a  commitment to the highest standards of governance.  ✓  Remuneration:  experience of designing remuneration frameworks,  including long and short-term incentive structures.  ✓  Strategy:  experience in building and executing strategy, ability to  identify and critically assess strategic opportunities and threats and  develop effective strategies in the context of the strategic objectives.  ✓  Capital projects:  experience working on projects involving large-scale  capital outlays and long-term investment horizons.  ✓  Corporate activity:  experience in large scale mergers &amp; acquisitions  involving the management of various stakeholder groups and/or  regulators, experience in take overs or in corporate restructures.  ✓  Capital raising:  experience of debt or equity based capital raising on  Australian primary or secondary markets.  ✓  Risk and Compliance:  experience in designing and utilising risk and  compliance frameworks and systems, ability to identify key risks to the  organisation in a wide range of areas.  ✓  Change management and disruption:  overseeing transformational  change of an organisation, for example rapid growth, diversification  into new products and services, digital transformation, process re-  engineering, ownership transition; experience of an organisation that has  faced disruptive change.  ✓  Legal and regulatory:  qualified lawyer or experience in the legal and  regulatory environment applicable to ACL including privacy law and  corporate and commercial law.  ✓  Medical and health sector:  qualified clinical or medical practitioner or  operational experience in a clinical or medical setting; operating within  a regulated environment; operating a best practice clinical governance  framework.  ✓  Work Health and Safety:  understanding of WHS legislation and  experience in programs implementing health and safety safeguards,  including mental health and physical wellbeing.  ✓   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

for the year ended 30 June 2022

## Principle 2: Structure the Board to add Value continued

| Skill  Expert  Proficient  Developing  Privacy &amp; Cyber Security:  experience of data management, data  governance frameworks and cyber security frameworks.  ✓  Digital engagement:  experience in building a multi-channel engagement  strategy for customer engagement, utilising data analytics to derive  customer insights.  ✓  Digital transformation and delivery:  experience in designing and  implementing a digital strategy that is transformative; experience of a  business that uses digital platforms to deliver products and services.  ✓  Brand and influence:  experience in building an organisation's brand  and digital assets to raise its profile and differentiate it from peers and  competitors.  ✓  Marketing &amp; Customer:  experience in marketing, understanding of  corporate purpose to create long-term value and best in class customer  experience.  ✓  Public policy and government:  experience of engaging with  government agencies to advocate for industry and to influence policy  settings.  ✓  Sustainability:  experience in creating a sustainable operating model  focused and designing a framework to achieve ESG target; experience in  integrated reporting models and sustainability reporting.  ✓  Talent and Culture:  experience in talent management and creating a  flexible workplace environment to attract and retain talent; experience  in implementing inclusion and diversity strategies.  ✓  Crisis Management:  experience of managing significant internal crises  or reacting to external crises.  ✓   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Board will continue to refine the Board skills matrix and evaluation process in FY23.

## Independence of directors and the Chair

The Board is comprised of six non-executive directors and the CEO, who is appointed as an executive director. ACL's Board charter provides that the Chair of the Board must be a non-executive director and must not hold (or have held in the previous three years) the office of CEO. The table below provides further information on the independence status of each director and their length of service.

| Name  Date appointed  Tenure on the Board  Independent as per Box 2.3  of the ASX 4 th  Principles  Mr Michael Alscher*  Non-executive Chair  19 December 2020  20 months  No - CCP is a substantial  holder of shares in ACL  Melinda McGrath*  CEO and executive director  19 December 2020  20 months  No - CEO  Andrew Dutton  Non-executive director  28 April 2021  16 months  Yes  Mark Haberlin  Non-executive director  28 April 2021  16 months  Yes  Dr Leanne Rowe AM  Non-executive director  28 April 2021  16 months  Yes  Dr Michael Stanford AM  Non-executive director  28 April 2021  16 months  Yes  Nathanial Thomson*  Non-executive director  19 December 2020  20 months  No - CCP is a substantial  holder of shares in ACL   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Michael Alscher, Nathanial Thomson and Melinda McGrath were directors on the board of Clinical Labs Pty Ltd, the main operating subsidiary of ACL, prior to its IPO on May 2021.

As noted above, the Chair, Michael Alscher is not considered an independent director in accordance with recommendation 2.3 of the ASX 4 th  Principles. The Board acknowledges the recommendation but considers that Michael brings objective and unbiased judgement to this position of Chair of the Board. The Board further believes that Michael's ongoing role as Chair is in the best interests of the Company, as are the considerable skills, experience and understanding of the Company's business which he continues to bring to his role.

## Board induction and education

As part of the appointment process, all new directors receive detailed information outlining their duties and responsibilities and an opportunity to meet with the CEO and members of the Executive Team. They are also invited to attend orientation sessions to ensure that they are familiar with ACL's key business and strategic issues, as well as an understanding of the NATA regulatory framework.

Time is allocated at Board and Committee meetings for the continuing education of directors on significant issues facing ACL and changes to the regulatory environment.

## Principle 3: Instil a Culture of acting Lawfully, Ethically and Responsibly

## Articulate and disclose values

ACL's mission is to combine talented people, medical and scientific leadership with innovative thinking and technologies to empower decision making that saves and improves patients' lives. ACL's values reflect what it stands for as a company and are:

- Patient focus and medical excellence: ACL serves to protect the best interests of the patients by aiming to achieve excellence in daily actions.
- Entrepreneurship and agility: ACL seeks to deliver its mission to as many people as possible by being vigilant of delivery cost.
- Efficiency and effectiveness: ACL applies innovative thinking to science and business. ACL endeavours to be agile in responding to the needs of customers and stakeholders. ACL aims to be proactive and not reactive to problems; ACL meets challenges with a 'can do' attitude.
- Passion and enthusiasm: ACL is passionate about pathology and enthusiastic about living out its mission.
- Respect and integrity: ACL is committed to ensuring the Company and its representatives act with the highest integrity and respect.

Further information about how ACL instills its values across the organisation can be found in its 2021 and 2022 ESG reports which are available on its investor portal at https:/ /investors.clinicallabs.com.au/

## Code of Conduct

ACL has a Code of Conduct that applies to all employees, contractors, consultants, managers and directors of the Company.

Material breaches of the Code of Conduct are reported to the Board and/or the Audit Committee and Risk Committee as appropriate.

A copy of the Code of Conduct can be found at https:/ /investors.clinicallabs.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/ACLLimited-Code-of-Conduct.pdf

## Whistleblower Policy

ACL is committed to a corporate culture that encourages the reporting and investigation of misconduct or serious wrongdoing. ACL has implemented a Whistleblower Policy to protect whistleblowers which includes a third-party anonymous whistleblowing reporting service, Yourcall, which can be accessed at httsp:/ /www.yourcall.com.au/report.

Once a report is lodged, the Chair of the Audit Committee will consult in relation to the disclosure with the Chair of the Board except where the report is about the Chair of the Board.

A fully copy of the Whistleblower Policy can be accessed at https:/ /investors.clinicallabs.com.au/wp-content/ uploads/2021/04/ACL-Limited-Whistleblower-Protection-Policy.pdf

## ABC Policy

ACL's Anti-Bribery &amp; Corruption Policy ( ABC Policy ) commits ACL to compliance with anti-bribery and corruption obligations in the countries in which it operates. The ABC Policy applies to all employees, officers and directors and in certain circumstances consultants, secondees, contractors, agents and intermediaries.

Material breaches of the Code of Conduct are reported to the Board and/or the Audit Committee and Risk Committee as appropriate.

A fully copy of the ABC Policy can be accessed at https:/ /investors.clinicallabs.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/ ACL-Limited-Anti-Bribery-and-Corruption-Policy.pdf

## Principle 4: Safeguard the Integrity of Corporate Reports

## Audit Committee

The Audit Committee is a standing committee of the Board. During the reporting period, its members were:

- Mark Haberlin FCA (Chair);
- Andrew Dutton;
- Dr Michael Stanford AM; and
- Michael Alscher (with effect from 25 November 2021).

Each of Mark Haberlin, Andrew Dutton and Michael Stanford are considered to be independent directors within the meaning of Box 2.3 of the ASX Principles. Michael Alscher is not considered to be independent.

The Chair, Mark Haberlin, is the former Chair of PwC Australia and has over 25 years of audit experience, as well as significant experience in financial reporting and risk. Mark also chairs Audit and Risk Committees for Abacus Property Group and Laybuy Group Limited.

Dr Michael Stanford AM has a Masters of Business Administration and is a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company Directors. Michael has 23 years' experience as a Group CEO with responsibility for revenues of greater than $1 billion per annum. Michael is currently Chair of the Audit Committee of NZX listed Vital Healthcare Property Trust and has previously been a member of audit committees for other listed companies.

Andrew Dutton has previously held the role of Chief Financial Officer at Norwich Union Pty Ltd and IBM NZ Pty Ltd. Andrew has also serviced on other Audit Committees.

Michael Alscher is the Managing Partner and founder of Crescent Capital Partners, with specialist expertise in private equity investment and has extensive non-executive director experience. Prior to founding Crescent, Michael was a strategy consultant at Bain International and LEK Partnernship. Michael holds a Bachelor of Commerce (Finance and Mathematics) Degree from the University of New South Wales.

Under the terms of its charter, the key objective of the Audit Committee is to support the Board in fulfilling its corporate governance and oversight responsibilities in respect of ACL's financial reporting and internal and external audit functions. Its duties include:

- Overseeing the establishment of and approving ACL's risk management framework (for financial risks) including strategy, policies, procedures and systems, with the assistance of the Risk Committee;
- Reviewing and approving ACL's financial statements and reports;
- Reviewing the suitability of ACL's accounting policies and principles, assessing significant estimates and judgements in the financial reports and assessing information from the external auditor to ensure the quality of the financial reports;
- Recommending the financial reports to the Board for approval;
- Overseeing (with the assistance of the Risk Committee) ACL's financial controls and systems;
- Managing audit arrangements and auditor independence, including any internal audit function;
- Ensuring that any periodic corporate reporting released by ACL to the market that has not been subject to audit discloses the process taken to verify the integrity of its content.

A full copy of the Audit Committee's charter can be found on our website.

for the year ended 30 June 2022

## Principle 4: Safeguard the Integrity of Corporate Reports continued

During the reporting period, the Audit Committee has held five meetings, with attendance as follows:

| Name of director  Eligible to attend  Attended  Mark Haberlin  5  5  Andrew Dutton  5  5  Dr Michael Stanford AM  5  5  Michael Alscher (from November 2021)  3  3   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CEO and CFO declaration

Before the Board approves financial statements for a financial period, it receives a declaration from the CEO and Chief Financial Officer stating that, in their opinion:

- the financial records of the entity have been properly maintained;
- the financial statements comply with appropriate accounting standards and interpretations and give a true and fair view of the financial position and performance of the entity; and
- this opinion was formed based on sound risk management systems and internal controls, which operate effectively.

## Verification of unaudited reports

ACL's 2022 Remuneration Report was subject to external audit by the Company's auditors, Pitcher Partners. ACL does not currently release quarterly activity reports, quarterly cash flow reports or other periodic corporate reporting that investors might rely upon when making investment decisions.

## Principle 5: Make Timely and Balanced Disclosure

## Continuous disclosure and market announcements

ACL is committed to ensuring that all investors have equal and timely access to material information concerning the Company and maintains a Disclosure Policy to ensure compliance with its obligations. The Board has also established a Disclosure Committee comprised of the Chair of the Board, ACL's CEO, CFO and Company Secretary. The Disclosure Committee's responsibilities include:

- determining what information will be disclosed by ACL to the ASX;
- implementing procedures to ensure that disclosure can be made immediately to the ASX and trading halt requests lodged;
- reviewing and preparing external announcements for referral to the Board for approval; and
- providing the Board with copies of all material market announcements promptly after they have been made.

## Investor and analyst presentations

ACL's Disclosure Policy provides that a copy of any new or substantive investor or analyst presentations must be released to the ASX ahead of any presentation being held, even if the information in the presentation would not otherwise require market disclosure.

The Disclosure Policy also states that the only ACL people authorised to speak on behalf of ACL to investors, potential investors, analysts or the media are the Chair, the CEO and the CFO are such other persons as may be approved from time to time.

A full copy of the Disclosure Policy can be found at https:/ /investors.clinicallabs.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/ ACL-Limited-Disclosure-Policy.pdf

## Principle 6: Respect the Rights of Members

## Governance information

ACL's website contains a dedicated investor centre that provides shareholders with information about the governance of the organisation, members of the Board and of the Executive Team, copies of all key governance documents and policies and a feed to its ASX announcements.

## Investor relations program

ACL's investor relations program is designed to ensure engagement with its key stakeholders including retail shareholders, institutional investors, buy-side and sell-side research analysts and individual investors. The program includes scheduled engagements following the release of ACL's half year and full year financial results, as well as attending other events to provide operational updates.

The Board understands the importance of these interactions as an opportunity for ACL to articulate its strategy and to receive feedback from investors and other market participants on its financial performance, strategy, financial reporting and governance.

Key information released and available via ACL's investor centre which includes:

- ACL's annual report and periodic financial reporting;
- ACL's Corporate Governance Statement;
- ACL's 2022 ESG report;
- ACL's dividend reinvestment plan;
- market briefings and presentations; and
- ASX announcements.

## Shareholder engagement at the AGM

ACL will be holding its AGM on 19 October 2022. In response to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the Board will promote shareholder engagement and encourage participation by holding a virtual AGM and allowing shareholders who are unable to attend to participate virtually. Engagement is also facilitated by:

- distributing a copy of the annual report and the notice of meeting for the AGM to shareholders via their nominated means of communication, including electronic communication;
- enabling the use of online proxy voting for shareholders who are unable to attend the AGM;
- encouraging shareholders to submit written questions in advance of the AGM. The Chair will address as many of the more frequently raised topics as possible in his AGM address,

ACL's auditors, Pitcher Partners, will also be attending the 2022 AGM for the purpose of answering shareholder questions about the audit report and the audit process.

## Voting on resolutions by a poll

The Board acknowledges that deciding votes of shareholders on the basis of a show of hands rather than by a poll is inconsistent with the principle of 'one security one vote'. The Board is committed to ensuring that all substantive resolutions at a meeting of shareholders are decided by a poll rather than a show of hands.

## Electronic communications

ACL has a continuing commitment to electronic communications with shareholders and stakeholders generally including via its dedicated web-based investor centre. Shareholders may elect to receive information about the Company electronically.

for the year ended 30 June 2022

## Principle 7: Recognise and Manage Risk

## Risk Committee

The Board has established a Risk Committee which is tasked with assisting the Board to oversee corporate governance, clinical governance and ACL's internal control structure and risk management systems. During the reporting period, the members of the Risk Committee were:

- Dr Michael Stanford AM (Chair);
- Mark Haberlin; and
- Dr Leanne Rowe AM.

All three members of the Risk Committee are considered to be independent within the definition of Box 2.3 of the ASX 4 th Principles.

The Risk Committee's responsibilities include:

- to oversee the establishment of and approving ACL's risk management framework for both financial and non-financial risks including its strategy, policies, procedures and systems;
- to review at least annually the effectiveness of ACL's risk management framework to satisfy itself that it continues to be sound and that ACL is operating with due regard to the risk appetite set by the Board;
- the approval or disclosure of related party transactions (if any); and
- to evaluate and improve its risk management and internal control processes.

The types of risks overseen by the Risk Committee include regulatory and compliance risk, investment risk, legal risk, economic risk, environmental and social risk, clinical governance risk, workplace health and safety risk including mental health, digital and cyber security risk and operational risk.

The Group's risk management framework establishes a foundation for the management of strategic and operational risk during periods of organisational uncertainty or increased stress, whilst also supporting the organisation's efforts in achieving its strategic objectives. ACL has adopted a 'Three Lines of Defence' risk framework and all staff, led by the Executive Team, are responsible for the identification, assessment, management, reporting, and monitoring of all risks across the operating spectrum, including emerging risks and strategic risks. Risks are expected to be escalated to the Executive Team and are discussed at the Executive Team Risk Committee, together with the tracking of any improvement plans required for potential remediation and monitoring. Regular updates are provided to the Risk Committee or on an as-required basis.

A full copy of the Risk Committee's charter can be found at https:/ /investors.clinicallabs.com.au/wp-content/ uploads/2021/04/ACL-Limited-Risk-Committee-Charter.pdf

During the reporting period, the Risk Committee has held five meetings, with attendance as follows:

| Name of director  Eligible to attend  Attended  Dr Michael Stanford AM  5  5  Mark (Harry) Haberlin  5  5  Dr Leanne Rowe AM  5  5   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In June 2022, the Board determined that it would review the scope and division of responsibilities between the Audit Committee and the Risk Committee. Changes to the composition and charters of both Committees will be implemented during FY23.

## Enterprise Risk Management Framework

As part of its role, the Risk Committee conducts a program of work that includes a review of ACL's risk management framework and systems and to ensure that they continue to be sound and fit for purpose. The Risk Committee also monitors that ACL is operating within the risk appetite set by the Board. During the reporting period, the Risk Committee conducted this review.

## Internal audit

ACL maintains high quality standards and internal audit processes to ensure that it continually meets licensing and accreditation standards across its business. In addition, the Company's core focus on the efficient and accurate delivery of a diverse range of diagnostic and analytical information is supported by a robust quality assurance framework comprised of internal and external quality control measures, standardised national training and competency and credentialing programs for pathologists and scientific staff.

ACL's established procedures focus on best practice, clinical excellence and continuous service improvements, which serves to mitigate operational risk and address regulatory compliance.

In June 2022, the Board approved the engagement of EY to provide internal audit services to ACL in respect of the nonclinical areas of its operations. In addition, ACL will continue to regularly engage external subject-matter expert advisers to conduct audits of other specialist areas, such as its IT environment, to ensure that risks are effectively identified and mitigated.

## Environmental and social sustainability risks

ACL's approach to identifying and managing its exposure to environmental and social risks is set out in detail in its 2021 and 2022 ESG Reports which can be viewed on ACL's investor centre.

## Principle 8: Remunerate Fairly and Responsibly

## Remuneration and Nominations Committee

Information in respect of the Remuneration and Nominations Committee has already been set out at page 32 above.

## Remuneration policies and practices

## Non-executive

Under the terms of ACL's Constitution, the Company may in general meeting determine the maximum aggregate remuneration to be paid to non-executive directors for their services. Following the listing of the Company, and until a different amount is determined, the maximum aggregate non-executive directors' remuneration for the purpose of the Constitution and the ASX Listing Rules has been set at $1,500,000 per annum, of which $885,000 is currently utilised. Advice was sought from external remuneration consultants prior to the initial public offering in order to determine the appropriate level of this remuneration pool.

Currently, there is no requirement for non-executive directors to hold shares in ACL, although all members of the Board do have shareholdings in ACL in accordance with the disclosures made periodically to the ASX. No non-executive directors hold any performance rights or grants under the LTVR Plan operated by the Company.

Directors may be reimbursed for travel and other expenses in attending to Company affairs, including travel to and from meetings. A director who performance additional or special duties for the Company may be paid such additional or special remuneration as determined by the Board. There are no retirement benefit schemes for Directors, other than statutory superannuation contributions.

More information on the benefits paid to non-executive directors during the reporting period can be found in ACL's 2022 Directors' Report at page 42.

## Executives

The Company has established a short term variable remuneration plan ( STVR Plan ) under which cash awards may be payable to participants subject to the satisfaction of specified performance criteria. Participation in the STVR Plan is determined by the Board in its absolute discretion and is conditional upon:

- the Company's financial performance against criteria set by the Board; and
- individual performance criteria tailored to each respective role (if any).

The Company has also established a long term variable remuneration plan ( LTVR Plan ) to assist in the motivation, retention and reward of eligible employees. The Board has the discretion to determine which employees are eligible to participate in the LTVR Plan and the number of rights they will be offered. The rights that may be offered under the LTVR Plan consist of performance rights for all participants and share appreciation rights for the CEO. The grant of rights are not subject to the payment of an acquisition price by the participant. The number of rights which may be granted prior to the approval of the LTVR Plan by shareholders following listing will not exceed 5% of the total issued capital.

The LTVR Plan is designed to align the interests of employees and shareholders by providing an opportunity for employees to receive equity interests in the Company. Under the LTVR Plan, eligible participants may be offered options or performance rights which will be subject to vesting conditions set by the Board. A summary of the key terms of the LTVR Plan was set out in the Company's Prospectus and include:

- forfeiture and lapse of rights in certain circumstances, including in the event that the Board determines that a participant has engaged in conduct that may cause harm to the Company's stakeholders, may have taken excessive risks or contributed to unacceptable culture;
- malus and clawback provisions;
- forfeiture in full in the event of cessation of employments; and
- prohibitions against participants entering into arrangements to offer rights as security, or to hedge or otherwise limit the economic risk of participation.

More information on the benefits paid to KMP during the reporting period can be found in ACL's 2022 Directors' Report at page 35.

Financial Statements

## Consolidated statement of profit or loss

| Note  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Revenue  3  995,604  646,702  Other income  3  1,561  (2,034)  Total  997,165  644,668  Consumables  (207,592)  (119,585)  Labour costs  (314,003)  (249,685)  Property costs  (17,325)  (14,017)  Repairs and maintenance  (8,061)  (6,889)  IPO transaction costs  -  (17,420)  Acquisition related expenses  (7,379)  -  Insurance write-off and associated costs  (1,561)  -  Other operating expenses  (68,544)  (40,473)  Depreciation  4  (12,145)  (10,160)  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  4  (93,724)  (77,865)  Amortisation of customer lists  4  (227)  (27)  Total operating costs  (730,561)  (536,121)  Earnings before interest and tax  266,604  108,547  Net finance costs  5  (11,704)  (21,894)  Profit before income tax  254,900  86,653  Income tax expense  6  (76,498)  (26,264)  Profit for the year  178,402  60,389  Net (profit) attributable to non-controlling interests  (158)  (16)  Net profit to members of Australian Clinical Labs Limited  178,244  60,373   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Earnings per share

Basic earnings per share from continuing operations

Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations

22

22

Cents per share

88.55

88.46

The above consolidated statement of profit or loss should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

Cents per share

39.69

39.69

## Consolidated statement of other comprehensive income

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Profit for the year  178,402  60,389  Other comprehensive income  Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss  Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations  6  (36)  Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax  6  (36)  Total comprehensive income for the year  178,408  60,353  Total comprehensive income attributable to:  Members of Australian Clinical Labs Limited  178,250  60,337  Non-controlling interests  158  16  178,408  60,353   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above statement of other comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

## Consolidated statement of financial position

| Note  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  CURRENT ASSETS  Cash and cash equivalents  28(a)  26,372  35,233  Trade and other receivables  7  91,114  62,976  Inventories  8  20,088  13,356  Other assets  9  5,271  5,661  Current tax assets  26  -  TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS  142,871  117 ,226  NON-CURRENT ASSETS  Plant and equipment  10  58,145  42,287  Right-of-use assets*  11  252,055  196,057  Intangible assets  12  165,400  112,906  Other assets  150  -  Deferred tax assets  13  9,421  15,625  TOTAL NON-CURRENT ASSETS  485,171  366,875  TOTAL ASSETS  628,042  484,101  CURRENT LIABILITIES  Trade and other payables  14  59,189  42,438  Lease liabilities*  15  94,767  69,996  Provisions  17  53,770  48,648  Deferred consideration  18  10,235  675  Current tax liabilities  5,615  4,019  Other liabilities  1,587  -  TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES  225,163  165,776  NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES  Lease liabilities*  15  167,610  134,344  Borrowings  16  -  99,511  Provisions  17  2,712  2,556  TOTAL NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES  170,322  236,411  TOTAL LIABILITIES  395,485  402,187  NET ASSETS  232,557  81,914   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* ACL has revised the previous year financial statements. Refer to notes 11 and 15 for further details.

## Consolidated statement of financial position

| Note  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  EQUITY  Issued capital  19  793,031  797,975  Reserves  20  (776,807)  (778,271)  Retained earnings  216,220  62,194  Total parent entity interest  232,444  81,898  Non-controlling Interest  113  16  TOTAL EQUITY  232,557  81,914   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

## Consolidated statement of changes in equity

for the year ended 30 June 2022

| 2021  Issued  capital  $'000  Reserves  $'000  Retained  earnings  $'000  Total  $'000  Non-  controlling  interest  $'000  Total  $'000  Opening balance at 1 July 2020  146,505  (118,772)  41,255  68,988  -  68,988  Profit for the year  -  -  60,373  60,373  16  60,389  Exchange differences on translation of foreign  operations  -  (36)  -  (36)  -  (36)  Total other comprehensive income  for the year net of tax  -  (36)  -  (36)  -  (36)  Total comprehensive income for the year  -  (36)  60,373  60,337  16  60,353  Transactions with owners in their capacity as owners  Share based payments  -  1,235  -  1,235  -  1,235  Dividend declared and paid  -  -  (42,000)  (42,000)  -  (42,000)  Reverse existing capital resulting from restructure  (146,505)  -  -  (146,505)  -  (146,505)  Ordinary shares issued net of transaction costs  797,975  -  -  797,975  -  797,975  Common control reserve from acquisition  -  (645,632)  -  (645,632)  -  (645,632)  Payment of promissory note  -  (12,500)  -  (12,500)  -  (12,500)  Reclassification of pre IPO Management  Equity Plan  -  (2,566)  2,566  -  -  -  Closing balance at 30 June 2021  797,975  (778,271)  62,194  81,898  16  81,914  2022  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Opening balance at 1 July 2021  797,975  (778,271)  62,194  81,898  16  81,914  Profit for the year  -  -  178,244  178,244  158  178,402  Exchange differences on translation of foreign  operations  -  6  -  6  -  6  Total other comprehensive income  for the year net of tax  -  6  -  6  -  6  Total comprehensive income for the year  -  6  178,244  178,250  158  178,408  Transactions with owners in their capacity as owners  Share based payments  -  1,458  -  1,458  -  1,458  Dividend declared and paid  -  -  (24,218)  (24,218)  -  (24,218)  Dividend paid to minority interest in controlled  entities  -  -  -  -  (61)  (61)  Acquisition of treasury shares  (4,944)  -  -  (4,944)  -  (4,944)  Closing balance at 30 June 2022  793,031  (776,807)  216,220  232,444  113  232,557   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

## Consolidated statement of cash flows

| Note  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES  Receipts from customers and government grants  990,238  661,967  Payments to suppliers and employees  (625,932)  (450,224)  Cash provided by operations  364,306  211,743  Interest received  45  75  Interest and costs of finance paid  (11,392)  (39,390)  Income tax paid  (68,872)  (18,564)  Net cash provided by operating activities  28(b)  284,087  153,864  CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES  Proceeds from sale of plant and equipment  273  112  Proceeds from disposal of investments  -  1,066  Purchase of plant and equipment  (21,252)  (9,506)  Inflows from/(payments for) business combinations (net of cash acquired)  (51,064)  2,252  Net cash used in investing activities  (72,043)  (6,076)  CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES  Principal portion of lease payments  (91,687)  (75,134)  Proceeds from new shares issued net of transaction costs  -  146,254  Repayment of borrowings  (100,000)  (269,590)  Proceeds from borrowings  -  321,600  Payment for common control restructure  -  (216,000)  Dividends paid  (24,218)  (42,000)  Dividend paid to minority interest in controlled entities  (61)  -  Payment of promissory note  -  (12,500)  Payment for treasury shares  (4,944)  -  Net cash used in financing activities  (220,910)  (147,370)  Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents  (8,866)  418  Foreign exchange differences on cash holdings  5  (34)  Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year  35,233  34,849  Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year  28(a)  26,372  35,233   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

## Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

The principal accounting policies adopted in the presentation of the financial report are set out below. These policies have been consistently applied to all periods presented, unless otherwise stated.

## (a) Basis of preparation

The general purpose financial report has been prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards, interpretations issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB), all other applicable authoritative pronouncements of the AASB and the Corporations Act 2001 .

The financial report includes financial statements for the Consolidated Group ('the Group') consisting of Australian Clinical Labs Limited ('Parent Company' or 'Company') and its subsidiaries. Australian Clinical Labs Limited is a for-profit entity domiciled in Australia.

The financial report was authorised for issue by the Directors on 9 August 2022.

## Compliance with IFRS

The financial report of the Group complies with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). The Parent Company financial information included in Note 30 also complies with IFRS.

## Basis of measurement

The financial report has been prepared on the basis of historical cost except for the revaluation of financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss. Cost is based on the fair values of the consideration given in exchange for assets.

Where applicable, comparatives may be restated in line with current year presentation.

## Going concern

As at 30 June 2022, the Group recorded a deficiency in current assets of $82.3m. This has been caused by AASB 16 Leases , whereby $94.8m of lease liability has been recognised as current, however the corresponding right-of-use asset is non-current. Excluding the current portion of the lease liability, the Group has a current asset surplus of $12.5m.

The Directors have concluded that the Group will be able to pay its debts as and when they fall due with consideration of the above factors, profitability and operating cash flows of the Group. Accordingly, the financial report has been prepared on a going concern basis.

## (b) Basis of consolidation

The financial report incorporates the assets and liabilities of all subsidiaries controlled by Australian Clinical Labs Limited as at 30 June 2022 and the results of all subsidiaries for the year then ended.

Subsidiaries are all those entities over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. Consistent accounting policies are employed in the preparation and presentation of the consolidated financial statements.

When control of an entity is obtained during a financial year, its results are included in the statement of profit and loss from the date on which control commences. Where control of an entity ceases during a financial year its results are included for that part of the year during which control existed.

Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of controlled entities are shown separately in the statement of profit and loss, statement of comprehensive income, statement of financial position and statement of changes in equity.

All inter-company balances and transactions between entities in the economic entity, including any unrealised profits or losses, have been eliminated on consolidation.

## Associates

An associate is an entity over which the Group is able to exercise significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control of those policies.

## Notes to the financial statements

The Group's interests in associates are accounted for using the equity method after initially being recognised at cost. Under the equity method, the Group's share of the profits or losses of the associate is recognised in the Group's profit or loss and the Group's share of other comprehensive income items is recognised in the Group's other comprehensive income.

Unrealised gains and losses on transactions between the Group and an associate are eliminated to the extent of the Group's interest in the associate.

## (c) Business combination

A business combination is a transaction or other event in which an acquirer obtains control of one or more businesses and results in the consolidation of the assets and liabilities acquired. Business combinations are accounted for by applying the acquisition method unless it is a common control acquisition.

The consideration transferred is the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred, equity instruments issued or liabilities incurred by the acquirer to former owners of the acquiree. Deferred consideration payable is measured at its acquisition-date fair value. Contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognised at the acquisition-date fair value. At each reporting date subsequent to the acquisition, contingent consideration payable is measured at its fair value with any changes in the fair value recognised in profit or loss unless the contingent consideration is classified as equity, in which case the contingent consideration is carried at its acquisition-date fair value.

Goodwill is recognised initially at the excess of: (a) the aggregate of the consideration transferred, the amount of the non-controlling interest, and the acquisition date fair value of the acquirer's previously held equity interest (in case of step acquisition); over (b) the acquisition date amount of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed.

If the net fair value of the acquirer's interest in the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed is greater than the aggregate of the consideration transferred, the fair value of the non-controlling interest, and the acquisition date fair value of the acquirer's previously held equity interest, the difference is immediately recognised as a gain in profit or loss. Acquisition related costs are expensed as incurred.

## Common control acquisition

A common control acquisition is a transaction whereby the direct ownership changes as a result of a restructure, however there is ultimately no change in control over the assets.

Common control acquisitions are recognised in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and are presented as a continuation of the pre-existing entity.

## (d) Foreign currency translation and balances

## Functional and presentation currency

The financial statements for each entity within the Group are measured using the currency of the primary economic environment in which that entity operates (the functional currency). The consolidated financial statements are presented in Australian dollars which is the Group's functional currency.

## Transactions and balances

Foreign currency monetary items that are outstanding at the reporting date (other than monetary items arising under foreign currency contracts where the exchange rate for that monetary item is fixed in the contract) are translated using the spot rate at the end of the financial year. All resulting exchange arising on settlement or restatement are recognised as revenue or expenses for the financial year.

## Foreign subsidiaries

Subsidiaries that have a functional currency different to the presentation currency of the consolidated Group are translated as follows:

- Assets and liabilities are translated at the closing rate on reporting date;
- Income and expenses are translated at actual exchange rates or average exchange rates for the period, where appropriate; and
- All resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

## (e) Revenue recognition

Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable. Revenue is reduced for estimated customer returns, rebates or other similar allowances.

## Notes to the financial statements

## Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

## Rendering of services

Revenue from the provision of services is recognised when the related services are completed. Revenue is accrued at balance date for services which are completed but yet to be invoiced.

## Clinic revenue

Clinic revenue represents support services provided to doctors (enabling them to treat patients), in consideration for a percentage share of billings as determined by each doctor's medical services agreement. Revenue is recognised in the period in which doctors' services are rendered to patients.

## (f) Other income

Government grant income is only recognised when there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to them, and the grant will be received.

## (g) Income tax

Income tax expense or benefit represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

## Current tax

The current tax payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from 'profit before income tax' as reported in the consolidated statement of profit or loss because of items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other periods and items that are never taxable or deductible. The Group's current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting year.

## Deferred tax

Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the financial report and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from goodwill or from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of other assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit. The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and associates, and interests in joint ventures except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with these investments and interests are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the liability is settled or the asset realised, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

## Current and deferred tax for the year

Current and deferred tax are recognised as an expense or income in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are recognised outside profit or loss (whether in other comprehensive income or directly in equity), in which case the tax is also recognised outside profit or loss. In the case of a business combination, the tax effect is included in the accounting for the business combination.

## Tax consolidation

Australian Clinical Labs Limited and its wholly-owned Australian controlled entities have implemented the Australian tax consolidation legislation on 6 November 2020.

Australian Clinical Labs Limited and subsidiaries in the tax-consolidated group have entered into a tax funding agreement such that each entity in the tax-consolidated group recognises the assets, liabilities, expenses and revenues in relation to its own transactions, events and balances only. This means that:

- the parent entity recognises all current and deferred tax amounts relating to its own transactions, events and balances only;
- the subsidiaries in the tax consolidated group recognise current or deferred tax amounts arising in respect of their own transactions, events and balances;
- current tax liabilities and deferred tax assets arising in respect of tax losses, are transferred from the subsidiaries in the tax consolidated group to the head entity as inter-company payables or receivables.

The tax-consolidated group also has a tax sharing agreement in place to limit the liability of subsidiaries in the tax-consolidated group arising under the joint and several liability requirements of the tax consolidation system, in the event of default by the parent entity to meet its payment obligations.

## (h) Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and on demand deposits. Cash equivalents are short-term, highly liquid investments, that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to insignificant risk of changes in value. For the purpose of the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and cash equivalents as defined above, net of outstanding bank overdrafts.

## (i) Inventories

Inventories represent medical and laboratory supplies. They are measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value.

## (j) Plant and equipment

Each class of plant and equipment is carried at cost less, where applicable, any accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.

- Plant and equipment is measured on the cost basis.
- Leasehold improvements are measured on the cost basis.

## Depreciation

The depreciable amount of all fixed assets, including buildings and capitalised lease assets, but excluding freehold land is depreciated over their useful lives to the Group, commencing from the time the asset is held ready for use. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of either the unexpired period of the lease or the estimated useful lives of the improvements. The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each annual accounting period, with the effect of any changes recognised on a prospective basis.

The ranges of depreciation rates used for each class of depreciable assets are:

| Class of property, plant and equipment  Depreciation rate  Leasehold improvements  2% to 100%  Plant &amp; equipment  5% to 50%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The gain or loss on disposal of all fixed assets is determined as the difference between the carrying amount of the asset at the time of disposal and the proceeds on disposal, and is included in operating profit before income tax of the Group in the year of disposal.

## (k) Leases

At the commencement date of a lease (other than leases of 12 months or less and leases of low value assets), the Group recognises a lease asset representing its right to use the underlying asset and a lease liability representing its obligation to make lease payments.

## Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

## Lease assets

Lease assets are initially recognised at cost, comprising the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability, any lease payments made at or before the commencement date of the lease, less any lease incentives received, any initial direct costs incurred by the Group, unless those costs are incurred to produce inventories.

Subsequent to initial recognition, lease assets are measured at cost (adjusted for any re-measurement of the associated lease liability), less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment loss.

Lease assets are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and the estimated useful life of the underlying asset, consistent with the estimated consumption of the economic benefits embodied in the underlying asset.

## Lease liabilities

Lease liabilities are initially recognised at the present value of the future lease payments. These lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease, if that rate can be readily determined, or otherwise using the Group's incremental borrowing rate.

Subsequent to initial recognition, lease liabilities are measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments reduced by rental accruals for missed lease payments. Interest expense on lease liabilities is recognised in profit or loss (presented as a component of finance costs). Lease liabilities are remeasured to reflect changes to lease terms, changes to lease payments (once confirmed) and any lease modifications not accounted for as separate leases.

Variable lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities are recognised as an expense when incurred.

## Leases of 12 months or less and leases of low value assets

Lease payments made in relation to leases of 12 months or less and leases of low value assets (for which a lease asset and a lease liability has not been recognised) are recognised as an expense as incurred.

## COVID-19 related rent concessions

The Group has elected to apply the practical expedient (as permitted by Australian Accounting Standards) not to assess whether rent concessions occurring as a direct consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic are lease modifications, and to account for any changes in lease payments resulting from the rent concessions as if the changes were not lease modifications. Any gains arising from COVID-19 related rent concessions are recognised in profit or loss.

The practical expedient only applies to rent concessions occurring as a direct consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic and only if all the following conditions are met:

- (a)  the change in lease payments results in revised consideration for the lease that is substantially the same as, or less than, the consideration for the lease immediately preceding the change;
- (b)  any reduction in lease payments affects only payments due on or before 30 June 2022; and
- (c)  there is no substantive change to other terms and conditions of the lease.

## (l) Intangible assets

## Goodwill

Goodwill represents the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identifiable or separately recognised. Goodwill is initially recognised at an amount equal to the excess of: (a) the aggregate of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest, and the acquisition date fair value of the acquirer's previously held equity interest (in the case of a step acquisition); over (b) the net fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. For accounting purposes, such measurement is treated as the cost of goodwill at that date.

Goodwill is not amortised, but is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired. Subsequent to initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses.

## Intangible assets acquired separately

Intangible assets acquired separately are recorded at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment. Amortisation is charged on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each annual reporting period, with any changes in these accounting estimates being accounted for on a prospective basis.

## Intangibles assets acquired in a business combination

Intangibles acquired in a business combination are initially recognised at fair value (which, for accounting purposes, is treated as the cost of the intangible asset), and are subsequently amortised over their estimated useful lives commencing from the time the asset is available for use. The amortisation method applied to an intangible asset is consistent with the estimated consumption of economic benefits of the asset. Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination are measured at cost, less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses.

## (m) Impairment testing of tangible and intangible assets

At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible and intangible assets to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss.

Where the asset does not generate cash flows that are independent from other assets, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives such as goodwill and intangible assets not yet available for use are tested for impairment at least annually and whenever there is an indication that the asset may be impaired.

Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted. If the recoverable amount of an asset (or cash generating unit) is estimated to be less than the carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognised in the profit or loss immediately, unless the relevant asset is carried at a re-valued amount in which case the impairment is treated as a revaluation decrease.

Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating unit other than goodwill) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but only to the extent that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or cash-generating unit) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss immediately, unless the relevant asset is carried at a re-valued amount in which case the reversal of the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation increase.

## (n) Financial instruments

## Recognition

Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. For financial assets, this is equivalent to the date that the Group commits itself to either the purchase or sale of the asset (i.e. trade date accounting is adopted).

Financial instruments are initially measured at fair value adjusted for transaction costs, except where the instrument is classified as fair value through profit or loss, in which case transaction costs are immediately recognised as expenses in profit or loss.

## Classification of financial assets

Financial assets recognised by the Group are subsequently measured in their entirety at either amortised cost or fair value, subject to their classification and whether the Group irrevocably designates the financial asset on initial recognition at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVtOCI) in accordance with the relevant criteria in AASB 9.

Financial assets not irrevocably designated on initial recognition at FVtOCI are classified as subsequently measured at amortised cost, FVtOCI or fair value through profit or loss (FVtPL) on the basis of both:

- (a)  the Group's business model for managing the financial assets; and

(b)  the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset.

## Classification of financial liabilities

Financial liabilities classified as held-for-trading, contingent consideration payable by the Group for the acquisition of a business, and financial liabilities designated at FVtPL, are subsequently measured at fair value.

All other financial liabilities recognised by the Group are subsequently measured at amortised cost.

## Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

## Trade and other receivables

Trade and other receivables arise from the Group's transactions with its customers.

Consistent with both the Group's business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the assets, trade and other receivables are subsequently measured at amortised cost.

## Impairment of financial assets

Receivables from customers are tested for impairment by applying the 'expected credit loss' impairment model.

The Group applies the simplified approach under AASB 9 to measuring the allowance for credit losses for both receivables from contracts with customers and contract assets. Under the AASB 9 simplified approach, the Group determines the allowance for credit losses for receivables from contracts with customers and contract assets on the basis of the lifetime expected credit losses of the financial asset. Lifetime expected credit losses represent the expected credit losses that are expected to result from default events over the expected life of the financial asset.

The Group consider a range of information when assessing whether the credit risk has increased since initial recognition. This includes such factors as the identification of significant changes in external market indicators of credit risk, significant adverse changes in the financial performance or financial position of the counterparty, significant changes in the value of collateral, and past due information.

The Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 120 days past due.

The Group determines expected credit losses using a provision matrix based on the Group's historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the financial asset as well as current and future expected economic conditions relevant to the financial asset. When material, the time value of money is incorporated into the measurement of expected credit losses. There has been no change in the estimation techniques or significant assumptions made during the reporting period.

The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (i.e., reduced directly) when the counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and the Group has no realistic expectation of recovery of the financial asset. Financial assets written off remain subject to enforcement action by the Group. Recoveries, if any, are recognised in profit or loss.

## (o) Employee benefits

## Short-term employee benefit obligations

A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees in respect of wages and salaries, annual leave and long service leave when it is probable that settlement will be required and they are capable of being measured reliably.

Liabilities recognised in respect of short-term employee benefits are measured at their nominal value, using the remuneration rate expected to apply at the time of settlement.

## Long-term employee benefit obligations

Liabilities recognised in respect of long-term employee benefits are measured at the present value of the estimated future cash outflows to be made by the Group in respect of services provided by employees up to reporting date.

## Retirement benefit obligations

Contributions to defined contribution retirement benefit plans are recognised as an expense when employees have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.

## Share based payments

The Group operates share based payment employee share and option schemes for accounting purposes. The fair value of the equity to which employees become entitled is measured at grant date and recognised as an expense over the vesting period, with a corresponding increase to an equity account. In respect of share-based payments that are dependent on the satisfaction of performance conditions, the number of shares and options expected to vest is reviewed and adjusted at each reporting date. The amount recognised for services received as consideration for these equity instruments granted is adjusted to reflect the best estimate of the number of equity instruments that eventually vest.

## Bonus plan

The Group recognises a provision when a bonus is payable in accordance with the employee's contract of employment, and the amount can be reliably measured.

## (p) Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, the future sacrifice of economic benefits is probable, and the amount of the provision can be measured reliably.

The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at reporting date, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. Where a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows.

## (q) Australian Clinical Labs Employee Share Trust ('ACLEST')

The Group has formed a trust to obtain and hold shares for the purpose of providing shares under Australian Clinical Labs Limited Rights Plan. This trust is consolidated, as the substance of the relationship is that the trust is controlled by the Group. Shares held by ACLEST are disclosed as treasury shares and deducted from contributed equity.

## (r) Goods and services tax (GST)

Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of goods and services tax (GST), except:

- (i) Where the amount of GST incurred is not recoverable from the taxation authority, it is recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of an asset or as part of an item of expense; or
- (ii)  For receivables and payables which are recognised inclusive of GST.

The net amount of GST recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is included as part of receivables or payables. Cash flows are included in the statement of cash flows on a gross basis. The GST component of cash flows arising from investing and financing activities which is recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is classified as operating cash flows.

## (s) Rounding of amounts

The Company is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors' Reports) Instrument 2016/191, and in accordance with that instrument, amounts in the financial report are rounded off to the nearest thousand dollars, unless otherwise indicated.

Some numerical figures included in this report have been subject to rounding adjustments. Any differences between totals and sums of components in tables or figures contained in this report are due to rounding.

## (t) Significant accounting estimates and assumptions

In the financial report, management has made judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of the Group's accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates. Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised prospectively.

The following are the estimates and judgements that management has made in the process of applying the Group's accounting policies and that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial report:

## Employee entitlements

Management judgement is applied in determining the following key assumptions used in the calculation of long service leave at balance date:

- Future increases in salaries and wages;
- Future on-cost rates;
- Experience of employee departures and period of service; and
- Appropriate discount rate to reflect long term liabilities at present value.

## Impairment of tangible and intangible assets

Determining whether assets are impaired requires an estimation of recoverable amount for the cash-generating units to which these assets have been allocated. The recoverable amount of each cash-generating unit is the greater of its value in use or fair value less costs to sell.

## Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

Value in use is determined as the present value of the estimated future cash flows expected to arise from the continued use of the asset in its present form. Value in use is determined by applying assumptions specific to the Group's continued use and cannot take into account future development. Fair value is determined as the amount that would be obtained from the sale of the asset in an arm's length transaction between knowledgeable and willing parties.

## Share based payments

The Group measures the cost of equity-settled transactions with employees by reference to the fair value of the equity instruments at the day on which they are granted. The fair value is determined using a Black-Scholes model or Monte Carlo model and is recognised as an expense over the vesting period, with a corresponding increase to an equity account.

## Deferred tax balances

The extent to which deferred tax assets can be recognised is based on an assessment of the probability that future taxable income will be available against which the deductible temporary differences and tax loss carry-forwards can be utilised. In addition, significant judgement is required in assessing the impact of any legal or economic limits or uncertainties in various tax jurisdictions.

## Determination of the lease term as the non-cancellable term of contracts with renewal options

The Group determines the lease term as the non-cancellable term of the lease, together with any periods covered by an option to extend the lease if it is reasonably certain to be exercised, or any periods covered by an option to terminate the lease, if it is reasonably certain not to be exercised. The Group applies judgement in evaluating whether it is reasonably certain to exercise the option to renew. That is, it considers all relevant factors that create an economic incentive for it to exercise the renewal including penalties to terminate, the value of leasehold improvements remaining plus current and future expected economic performance from use of the asset.

After the commencement date, the Group generally can only make a reasonable certainty assessment if there is a significant event or change in circumstances that is within its control and affects the ability to exercise (or not exercise) the option to renew.

## Calculation of incremental borrowing rates

Where the Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in lease contracts, the present value of the Group's lease liabilities is estimated using the incremental borrowing rate as if leasing over a similar term, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar value to the right-of-use asset, in a similar economic environment. The Group uses observable inputs such as market interest rates as applicable.

## (u) Adoption of new and revised Accounting Standards

The Group has applied all new and revised Australian Accounting Standards that apply to annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 July 2021. These standards do not have a material impact on the Group's financial results or position.

## (v) Standards and interpretations issued but not yet effective

The AASB has issued a number of new and amended Accounting Standards and Interpretations that have mandatory application dates for future reporting periods. The Group has decided not to early adopt any of these new and amended pronouncements. These pronouncements are not expected to have a material impact on the entity in the current or future reporting periods or on foreseeable future transactions.

## Note 2: Segment Information

The Group's Chief Executive Officer and the Board of Directors (the chief operating decision makers) review the Group's performance of the business to assess performance and determine the allocation of resources. Discrete financial information is reported to the chief operating decision makers on at least a monthly basis. The discrete financial information is provided by one operating segment and one geographical segment, being Australia.

The Group has the one reportable segment:

## Pathology

Pathology/clinical laboratory services provided in Australia.

## Note 3: Revenue and Other Income

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  An analysis of the Group's revenue for the year is as follows:  Pathology revenue  976,564  639,679  Clinic revenue  12,734  1,632  Rental revenue from subleasing right-of-use assets  645  673  Other revenue  5,661  4,718  Total revenue  995,604  646,702  Other  JobKeeper income  -  (2,034)  Insurance claim proceeds  1,561  -  Total other income  1,561  (2,034)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year one of our laboratories based in Queensland was flooded with extensive damage caused to the laboratory equipment and consumables on hand.

Insurance claim proceeds have been recognised for specific equipment verified by the insurers at 30 June 2022. This is not the expected total insurance claim proceeds for the claim and as such, a contingent asset exists. Refer to Note 32 for full details.

The loss of assets, loss on consumables and associated insurance costs to date also total $1.6m and as such, there is no overall P&amp;L impact to NPAT in FY22.

On 3rd March 2021, the Board chose to repay JobKeeper grants received in the financial year with the repayment conducted on 16 March 2021. The 2021 balance shown above was initially recognised as income in June 2020 as it related to the last fortnight in June. However, these funds were repaid in full in March 2021 resulting in a negative income amount shown above.

## Note 4: Expenses

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Profit before income tax includes the following specific expenses:  (a) Depreciation expense  Leasehold improvements  3,732  3,733  Plant and equipment  8,413  6,427  Right-of-use assets  93,724  77,865  105,869  88,025  (b) Amortisation expense  Customer lists  227  27  (c) Lease rental expense  Short term/low value lease payments  14,676  12,070   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 5: Finance Income and Expenses

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Finance Income  Bank deposits  45  75  Finance Expenses  Interest expense - related parties  -  (1,046)  Interest expense - bank facilities  (1,339)  (3,054)  Interest expense - leasing arrangements  (10,410)  (11,030)  Other borrowing costs  -  (6,839)  (11,749)  (21,969)  Net finance costs  (11,704)  (21,894)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Other borrowing costs

As part of the IPO in the 2021 financial year, the pre-existing debt facility was repaid in full resulting in $5.8m of transaction costs being released into the P&amp;L through other borrowing costs.

## Note 6: Income Tax

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  (a) Components of income tax expense  Current tax  70,367  33,401  Deferred tax  6,131  (7,137)  76,498  26,264  (b) Income tax reconciliation  The prima facie tax payable on profit before income tax is reconciled to the income  tax expense as follows:  Profit before tax  254,900  86,653  Domestic tax rate  30%  30%  Expected income tax expense  76,470  25,996  Adjustments for non-deductible expenses:  Other non-deductible expenses  28  268  Actual income tax expense  76,498  26,264  (c) Amounts recognised directly in equity  Aggregate current and deferred tax arising in the reporting period and not recognised  in the net profit or loss or other comprehensive income but credited directly to equity  Capital raising costs  -  6,208   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 7: Trade and Other Receivables

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  CURRENT  Trade receivables  64,888  44,117  Allowance for expected credit loss  (4,199)  (2,342)  60,689  41,775  Accrued revenue  26,782  19,744  Other receivables  3,643  1,457  91,114  62,976   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## a) At 30 June, the ageing analysis of trade receivables is as follows:

| Gross Value  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Current  32,684  31,131  30 to 60 days  16,871  6,783  60 to 90 days  4,994  1,551  90 to 120 days  1,932  965  120 days +  8,407  3,687  Closing balance at 30 June  64,888  44,117   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## b) Allowance for expected credit loss

The Group applies the simplified approach to measure the expected credit losses, using a provision matrix for all trade receivables and adjusts for any known forward-looking issues specific to the debtors and the economic environment. To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due. The provision matrix assesses all debtors based on past experience. As at 30 June 2022 current trade receivables for the Group with a nominal value of $4.2m (2021: $2.3m) were impaired.

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Movement in allowance for expected credit losses  Opening balance at 1 July  2,342  1,969  Provision for impairment expensed  2,907  1,476  Receivables written off  (1,050)  (1,103)  Closing balance at 30 June  4,199  2,342   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Amounts charged to the allowance for expected credit loss are generally written off when there is no expectation of recovering additional cash in excess of the cost of recovery.

## c) Foreign exchange and interest rate risk

Information about the Group's exposure to foreign currency risk and interest rate risk in relation to trade and other receivables is provided in Note 29. All carrying amounts of the Group's trade debtors are denominated in functional currency.

## d) Fair value and credit risk

Due to the short-term nature of these receivables, the carrying value is assumed to approximate their fair value. The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the fair value of each class of receivables mentioned above.

## Note 8: Inventories

Consumable supplies at cost

## Note 9: Other Assets

CURRENT

Prepayments

Bonds and securities

## Note 10: Plant and Equipment

| 2022  Leasehold  improvements  $'000  Plant and  equipment  $'000  Capital work  in progress  $'000  Total  $'000  Gross carrying amount  51,727  106,269  3,348  161,344  Accumulated depreciation  (35,294)  (67,905)  -  (103,199)  Total plant and equipment as at 30 June 2022  16,433  38,364  3,348  58,145  2021  Gross carrying amount  44,973  87,762  1,687  134,422  Accumulated depreciation  (31,559)  (60,576)  -  (92,135)  Total plant and equipment as at 30 June 2021  13,414  27,186  1,687  42,287   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2022

$'000

20,088

2022

$'000

4,137

1,134

5,271

2021

$'000

13,356

2021

$'000

4,612

1,049

5,661

## Notes to the financial statements

## Note 10: Plant and Equipment (continued)

| 2022  Leasehold  improvements  $'000  Plant and  equipment  $'000  Capital work  in progress  $'000  Total  $'000  Gross carrying amount  Balance at 1 July 2021  44,973  87,762  1,687  134,422  Additions  5,579  14,599  1,696  21,874  Additions through business combination  1,031  4,412  1,603  7 ,046  Disposals  (4)  (2,020)  -  (2,024)  Capitalisation of work in progress  139  1,499  (1,638)  -  Net exchange differences  9  17  -  26  Balance at 30 June 2022  51,727  106,269  3,348  161,344  Accumulated depreciation  Balance at 1 July 2021  (31,559)  (60,576)  -  (92,135)  Disposals  -  1,092  -  1,092  Net exchange differences  (3)  (8)  -  (11)  Depreciation  (3,732)  (8,413)  -  (12,145)  Balance at 30 June 2022  (35,294)  (67,905)  -  (103,199)  Carrying amount at 30 June 2022  16,433  38,364  3,348  58,145   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2021  Leasehold  improvements  $'000  Plant and  equipment  $'000  Capital work  in progress  $'000  Total  $'000  Gross carrying amount  Balance 1 July 2020  42,194  81,197  482  123,873  Additions  2,246  5,793  1,507  9,546  Additions through business combination  1,571  2,429  499  4,499  Disposals  (1,153)  (2,287)  -  (3,440)  Capitalisation of work in progress  135  666  (801)  -  Net exchange differences  (20)  (36)  -  (56)  Balance at 30 June 2021  44,973  87,762  1,687  134,422  Accumulated depreciation  Balance 1 July 2020  (28,845)  (56,438)  -  (85,283)  Disposals  1,045  2,248  -  3,293  Net exchange differences Depreciation  4  11  -  15  Depreciation  (3,763)  (6,397)  -  (10,160)  Balance at 30 June 2021  (31,559)  (60,576)  -  (92,135)  Carrying amount at 30 June 2021  13,414  27,186  1,687  42,287   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 11: Right-of-use Assets

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Carrying amount of lease assets, by class of underlying asset:  Buildings under lease arrangements  At cost*  490,235  340,503  Accumulated depreciation  (238,180)  (144,446)  Total carrying amount of lease assets  252,055  196,057  Additions to right-of-use assets  Buildings under lease arrangements*  116,180  113,509   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Right-of-use assets in FY21 have been restated retrospectively due to omitted lease extensions. The previously reported balance was cost $331.1m ($9.4m increase) and carrying amount $186.7m ($9.4m increase) with additions in FY21 $9.4m higher.

## Note 12: Intangible Assets

2022

Gross carrying amount

Accumulated amortisation

Total intangibles as at 30 June 2022

2021

Gross carrying amount

Accumulated amortisation

Total intangibles as at 30 June 2021

Goodwill

$'000

158,684

-

158,684

105,983

-

105,983

Brand names

$'000

5,600

-

5,600

5,600

-

5,600

Customer lists

$'000

1,370

(254)

1,116

1,350

(27)

1,323

Total

$'000

165,654

(254)

165,400

112,933

(27)

112,906

| 2022  Goodwill  $'000  Brand names  $'000  Customer lists  $'000  Total  $'000  Gross carrying amount  Balance at 1 July 2021  105,983  5,600  1,350  112,933  Additions through business combination  52,701  -  20  52,721  Balance at 30 June 2022  158,684  5,600  1,370  165,654  Accumulated amortisation  Balance at 1 July 2021  -  -  (27)  (27)  Amortisation  -  -  (227)  (227)  Balance at 30 June 2022  -  -  (254)  (254)  Carrying amount at 30 June 2022  158,684  5,600  1,116  165,400   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 12: Intangible Assets (continued)

| 2021  Goodwill  $'000  Brand names  $'000  Customer lists  $'000  Total  $'000  Gross carrying amount  Balance 1 July 2020  35,748  -  -  35,748  Additions through business combination  70,235  5,600  1,350  77,185  Balance at 30 June 2021  105,983  5,600  1,350  112,933  Accumulated amortisation  Balance 1 July 2020  -  -  -  -  Amortisation  -  -  (27)  (27)  Balance at 30 June 2021  -  -  (27)  (27)  Carrying amount at 30 June 2021  105,983  5,600  1,323  112,906   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On 20 December 2021, the Group acquired Medlab Pathology, refer to Note 24 for full details.

On 18 May 2021, the Group acquired the SunDoctors Group and as a result brand name associated with SunDoctors was recognised along with associated customer lists.

## Impairment testing of goodwill and intangibles with indefinite useful lives

Goodwill is allocated to a cash generating unit or units (CGU) according to management's expectations regarding which assets will be expected to benefit from the synergies arising from the business combination that gave rise to the goodwill. Management have assessed that only one CGU exists, being the Australian pathology business.

The recoverable amount of a CGU is based on value-in-use calculations. These calculations use cash projections based on financial budgets/forecasts approved by management for covering a minimum period of one year (maximum of five years). Management's determination of cash flow projections and gross margins are based on past performance and its expectation for the future. The present value of future cash flows has been calculated using an average growth rate of 5.4% (2021: 5.4%) for cash flows in year two to five which is based on historic growth rate and industry trends and a terminal value growth rate of 3.1% (2021: 3.5%) a discount rate of 9.2% (2021: 9.3%) to determine value-in-use.

The carrying value of brand names at 30 June 2022 relates solely to SunDoctors. The recoverable amount of the SunDoctors brand is based on value-in-use calculations via the relief from royalty valuation method. Under this method, the fair value is based on the present value of future foregone royalty payments over the life of the asset by virtue of owning the asset. The present value of future cash flows has been calculated using a royalty rate of 3.0% (2021: 3.0%), an indefinite useful life and a discount rate of 8.7% (2021: 8.7%).

Management have determined that this brand will be used as part of the wider pathology business with synergies from the existing pathology operations and as such, the brand relates solely to the existing one CGU and the recoverable amounts are assessed as part of the recoverable amount of the CGU.

After performing sensitivity analysis, management believes that any reasonably possible change in the key assumptions on which the recoverable amount has been assessed would not cause the carrying amount to exceed the recoverable amount.

## Notes to the financial statements

## Note 13: Deferred Tax Assets

Deferred taxes arising from temporary differences and unused tax losses are summarised as follows:

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Doubtful debts  1,260  703  Employee benefits  17 ,103  15,211  Sundry accruals  1,813  1,320  Lease liability  78,219  58,407  Share issue costs  1,615  2,682  Capitalised costs  1,126  1,502  Less: deferred tax liabilities offset against deferred tax assets  (91,715)  (64,200)  9,421  15,625  Deferred tax liabilities offset against deferred tax assets  Prepayments and sundry debtors  (337)  (197)  Inventories  (6,026)  (4,007)  Accrued revenue  (468)  -  Right-of-use assets  (75,135)  (55,832)  Intangibles  (2,013)  (2,085)  Plant and equipment  (7,652)  (1,966)  Capitalised costs  (84)  (113)  (91,715)  (64,200)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2022

$'000

15,625

(5,685)

(144)

(375)

9,421

2022

$'000

26,468

32,721

59,189

Due to the short-term nature of these payables, the carrying values is assumed to approximate their fair value.

2021

$'000

23,164

(7,014)

(2,027)

1,502

15,625

2021

$'000

18,572

23,866

42,438

Movement

Opening balance at 1 July

Amounts recognised in profit or loss

Amounts recognised in business combination

Amounts recognised directly in equity

Closing balance at 30 June

## Note 14: Trade and Other Payables

CURRENT

Trade creditors

Sundry creditors and accruals

## Note 15: Lease Liabilities

| Lease liabilities  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Current lease liabilities*  94,767  69,996  Non-current lease liabilities*  167,610  134,344  Total carrying amount of lease liabilities  262,377  204,340  Cash outflow  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Total cash outflow in relation to lease liabilities and associated interest  (102,097)  (86,164)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Lease liabilities in FY21 have been restated retrospectively due to omitted lease extensions. The previously reported balance was current lease liabilities $70.4m ($400k decrease) and non-current lease liabilities $124.5m ($9.8m increase). The restatement has no impact on cash outflows associated with lease liabilities or associated interest.

## Lease arrangements

The above information is presented in accordance with AASB 16 Leases . Leases relate to properties leased by the Group with lease terms between 1 and 15 years. Leases can contain market review/fixed increments/CPI increment within the lease period and can contain additional clauses in the event that the lessee exercises its option to renew. The lessee does not have an option to purchase the property at the expiry of the lease period.

## Note 16: Borrowings

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  NON-CURRENT  Unsecured - at amortised cost  Bank loans  -  99,511   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details of the fair values and interest rate risk exposure relating to each of the unsecured liabilities are set out in Note 29.

## Terms and repayment schedule

The terms and conditions of outstanding loans are as follows:

| Loan  Currency  Nominal  interest rate  Year of  maturity  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Bank loans  AUD  BBSY + 1.5% - 2.4%  2024  -  99,511   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 17: Provisions

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  CURRENT  Employee benefits  46,331  42,770  Other  7 ,439  5,878  53,770  48,648  NON-CURRENT  Employee benefits  2,712  2,556  ## Note 18: Deferred Consideration  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  CURRENT  Deferred and contingent consideration  10,235  675   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The majority of deferred and contingent consideration ($10.0m) is in relation to the Medlab business acquisition. Refer to Note 24 for full details.

## Note 19: Issued Capital

## a) Share capital

| 2022  Shares  2021  Shares  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Fully paid ordinary shares  201,834,015  201,834,015  797,975  797,975  Other equity securities  Treasury shares  (1,023,715)  -  (4,944)  -  200,810,300  201,834,015  793,031  797,975   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 19: Issued Capital (continued)

## b) Movements in ordinary share capital

Date

2022

1/07/2021

30/06/2022

Details

Opening balance of the Group

Closing balance of the Group

Number of shares

201,834,015

201,834,015

Value of shares

$'000

797,975

797,975

| 2021  1/07/2020  Opening balance of the Group  337,909,852  146,505  17/12/2020  Reverse existing capital resulting from restructure  (337,909,852)  (146,505)  6/11/2020  Incorporation of ACL Holdco Pty Ltd  1  -  16/12/2020  ACL Holdco Pty Ltd share issue  100,000  1  17/12/2020  Ordinary shares issued to existing shareholders  584,000,000  584,000  3/02/2021  Shares issued under Management Equity Plan  7 ,984,946  2,256  22/03/2021  Share consolidation  (489,113,638)  -  26/04/2021  Share split  44,355,737  -  18/05/2021  Shares issued under acquisition of SunDoctors  18,688,342  74,652  18/05/2021  Shares issued via Employee Gift Offer  183,000  732  18/05/2021  Shares issued via Priority Employee Discount Offer  332,058  1,328  18/05/2021  Shares issued under an Institutional Placement  35,303,569  141,215  18/05/2021  Transaction costs associated with issue of new shares  -  (6,209)  30/06/2021  Closing balance of the Group  201,834,015  797,975   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## c) Ordinary shares

All shares are equally eligible to receive dividends and the repayment of capital and represent one vote at shareholders' meetings of Australian Clinical Labs Limited.

## d) Options and performance rights

Details of options and performance rights issued, exercised and forfeited during the financial year and options and performance rights outstanding at the end of the financial year are set out in Note 21.

## e) Share restructure

Capital was reversed and reissued to existing shareholders as part of the common control acquisition in the 2021 financial year.

## f) Shares issued as part of acquisition of business

Shares were issued in the Company as part of the SunDoctors acquisition in 2021. Refer to Note 24 for full details.

## g) Employee gift shares

Eligible employees who elected to receive $1,000 worth of shares in the Company at no cost as part of the IPO.

## h) Priority employee discount offer

Eligible employees who elected to acquire shares at a discounted price of 85% of the offer price as part of the IPO.

## i) Treasury shares

Treasury shares in Clinical Labs are held by the Australian Clinical Labs Employee Share Trust ('ACLEST'). For further details, please refer to Note 1(q).

| Date  2022  Details  Number of  shares  Value of  shares  $'000  1/07/2021  Opening balance of the Group  -  -  9/12/2021  Treasury shares acquired on market  (100,000)  (450)  10/12/2021  Treasury shares acquired on market  (100,000)  (458)  13/12/2021  Treasury shares acquired on market  (100,000)  (474)  14/12/2021  Treasury shares acquired on market  (100,000)  (481)  15/12/2021  Treasury shares acquired on market  (100,000)  (478)  16/12/2021  Treasury shares acquired on market  (100,000)  (491)  17/12/2021  Treasury shares acquired on market  (100,000)  (488)  20/12/2021  Treasury shares acquired on market  (100,000)  (504)  21/12/2021  Treasury shares acquired on market  (100,000)  (543)  22/12/2021  Treasury shares acquired on market  (100,000)  (577)  21/04/2022  Dividend reinvestment plan  (23,715)  -  30/06/2022  Closing balance of the Group  (1,023,715)  (4,944)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 20: Reserves and Retained Earnings

| 2021  Share based  payment  reserve  $'000  Foreign  currency  translation  reserve  $'000  Common  control  reserve  $'000  Loss  reserve  $'000  Total  reserves  $'000  Opening balance at 1 July 2020  1,374  142  -  (120,288)  (118,772)  Exchange differences on translation of  foreign operations  -  (36)  -  -  (36)  Management share scheme - Legacy Plan  272  -  -  -  272  Management share scheme - Legacy  Plan (acceleration)  920  -  -  -  920  Management share scheme - LTVR  43  -  -  -  43  Common control reserve from acquisition  -  -  (645,632)  -  (645,632)  Payment of promissory note  -  -  -  (12,500)  (12,500)  Reclassification of pre-IPO Management  Equity Plan  (2,566)  -  -  -  (2,566)  Closing balance at 30 June 2021  43  106  (645,632)  (132,788)  (778,271)  2022  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Opening balance at 1 July 2021  43  106  (645,632)  (132,788)  (778,271)  Exchange differences on translation of  foreign operations  -  6  -  -  6  Management share scheme - LTVR  1,458  -  -  -  1,458  Closing balance at 30 June 2022  1,501  112  (645,632)  (132,788)  (776,807)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 21: Share Based Payments (continued)

## a) Share based payment reserve

The share based payment reserve reflects the fair value of equity-settled share based payments.

The Group established an equity incentive plan under which management received ordinary shares as part of their incentive arrangements (Legacy Plan). Equity issued under the Legacy Plan is treated as share options for accounting purposes and the expense associated with the current year is booked in the share based payment reserve.

The IPO triggered the Legacy Plan to vest and subsequently there was an acceleration of the expense associated with this plan which lead to a one-off expense totalling $920k on the previous financial year.

Given the Legacy Plan has ceased for accounting purposes, the share based payment reserve associated with this reserve has been transferred to retained earnings.

Post IPO the Group established a Long-Term Variable Remuneration (LTVR) Plan commencing 25 May 2021.

Refer to Note 1(t), Note 27 and the Remuneration Report for full details.

## b) Foreign currency translation reserve

Exchange differences arising on translation of the foreign subsidiary are taken to the foreign currency translation reserve as described in accounting policy Note 1(d).

## c) Common control reserve

On 17 December 2020, a restructure took place that resulted in a newly incorporated company, Australian Clinical Labs Limited (formerly ACL Holdco Pty Ltd) obtaining control over Clinical Laboratories Pty Ltd and its controlled entities. Refer to Note 24(a) for full details.

The financial report is presented on the basis of historical cost however the debt and restructure occurred based on the fair value of the business which has not been reflected in the financial report resulting in the recognition of a common control reserve.

## d) Loss reserve

The reserve is comprised of losses up to 30 June 2019 ($120.3m), and a $12.5m payment to Advanced Medical Technology Pty Ltd as a result of the restructure, where the Group recognised and settled a promissory note.

## Note 21: Share Based Payments

The Group has equity-settled share based compensation plan for executives and employees. The fair value of equity remuneration granted under the plan is recognised as an expense with a corresponding increase in equity. Please refer to Note 1(t) for further details.

## (a) Australian Clinical Labs Limited Rights Plan

Performance rights are granted under the Australian Clinical Labs Limited Rights Plan for no consideration and carry no dividend or voting rights. When exercisable, each performance right is convertible into one ordinary share.

| Type  2022  Grant  date  Expiry  date  Exercise  price  Balance  at start  of year  Granted  during  the year  Forfeited  during  the year  Balance  at end of  year  Exercisable  at end  of year  Balance  at date  of this  report  Performance  rights  25-May-21  24-May-26  Nil  804,532  -  -  804,532  -  804,532  Performance  rights  13-Jul-21  12-Jul-26  Nil  -  104,025  (26,573)  77,452  -  77,452  Service  rights  20-Nov-21  19-Nov-26  Nil  -  811,641  (18,939)  792,702  -  792,702  Total  804,532  915,666  (45,512)  1,674,686  -  1,674,686   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Type  2021  Grant  date  Expiry  date  Exercise  price  Balance  at start  of year  Granted  during  the year  Forfeited  during  the year  Balance  at end of  year  Exercisable  at end  of year  Balance  at date  of this  report  Performance  rights  25-May-21  24-May-26  Nil  -  804,532  -  804,532  -  804,532  Total  -  804,532  -  804,532  -  804,532   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Fair value of rights granted

The average assessed fair value of performance rights granted during the year ended 30 June 2022 was $1.927 per right (2021: $1.814). The average assessed fair value of service rights granted during the year ended 30 June 2022 was $4.054 per right (2021: $Nil). The service rights generally have a higher value than the performance rights given that the only condition is a service period and not Group performance. The valuation model inputs for rights granted during the year ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021 included:

| Type  Grant  date  Expiry  date  Exercise  price  Share  price at  time of  grant  Expected  life (years  from date  of issue)  Share  price  volatility  Risk free  rate  Dividend  yield  Performance  rights  25-May-21  24-May-26  Nil  $3.60  3.1  45%  0.15%  2.96%  Performance  rights  13-Jul-21  12-Jul-26  Nil  $3.46  3.0  45%  0.21%  3.00%  Service rights  20-Nov-21  19-Nov-26  Nil  $4.34  2.0  31%  1.15%  3.40%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A Monte Carlo simulation was applied to fair value the TSR performance condition element of performance rights granted. The model simulated the Group's TSR and compared it against the peer group over the vesting periods. The service rights are valued using a Black-Scholes model.

## (b) Legacy Plan

The Group established an equity incentive plan under which key management personnel received ordinary shares as part of their incentive arrangements (Legacy Plan/MEP). Equity issued under the Legacy Plan will be dealt with as described below to ensure that participants continue to be motivated to achieve sustained growth.

Under the arrangements for the issue of the MEP Shares, if a participant ceases to be employed by the Group, the participant will no longer have an entitlement to unvested MEP Shares.

Of the current MEP Shares, they will be held in escrow and released as follows:

One-third was released after the release of the Group's results for the period to 31 December 2021;

One-third will be released from escrow after the release of the Group's results for the period to 30 June 2022; and

One-third will be released from escrow after the release of the Group's results for the period to 31 December 2022.

The IPO triggered the Legacy Plan to vest and subsequently there was an acceleration of the expense associated with this plan which lead to a one-off expense totalling $920k.

No further shares will be issued under the Legacy Plan.

## Note 21: Share Based Payments (continued)

## (c) Expenses arising from share based payment transactions

Total expenses arising from equity-settled share based payment transactions recognised during the financial year as part of employee benefit expense were as follows:

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Employee gift offer  -  732  Priority employee discount offer  -  199  Share based payment expense  1,458  315  Share based payment expense (accelerated)  -  920  1,458  2,166   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In the prior financial year, the IPO triggered the Legacy Plan to vest and subsequently there was an acceleration of the expense associated with this plan which lead to a one-off expense totalling $920k.

## (d) Employee Share Schemes - Employee Gift Offer (IPO)

The Employee Gift Offer was an offer in conjunction with the IPO and was open to Eligible Employees, being persons who are full or part time employees of the Group, with a start date prior to 31 December 2020 who have a registered address in Australia and are not located in the United States, and who have received an offer from the Company to acquire $1,000 worth of shares in the Company at no cost and have not elected to receive the equivalent cash gift or receive the equivalent amount in cash.

Directors of the Company were not eligible to participate in the Employee Gift Offer

Eligible Employees may not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any shares acquired under the Employee Gift Offer for a minimum period of three years, unless the Eligible Gift Employee ceases to be employed by the Group or the dealing is required by law (in which case the shares will be released).

| Grant date  No. of employee  gift shares issued  Share price at  grant date  Exercise price  Share based  payment expense  recognised  18 May 2021  183,000  $4.00  Nil  $732,000   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (e) Employee Share Schemes - Priority Employee Discount Offer (IPO)

The Priority Employee Discount Offer was an offer in conjunction with the IPO and was open to Eligible Priority Employees. Eligible Priority Employees are persons who have a registered address in Australia and are not located in the United States, and are employees of the Group as management or pathologists.

Eligible Priority Employees who have received an offer from the Company to acquire shares at a discounted price of 85% of the Offer Price. The Offer Price for IPO was $4.00.

Eligible Priority Employees may not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any shares acquired under the Priority Employee Discount Offer until the release of 30 June 2022 results, unless the Eligible Priority Employee ceases to be employed by the Group or the dealing is required by law (in which case the shares will be released).

| Grant date  No. of priority  employee discount  shares issued  Share price at  grant date  Exercise price  Share based  payment expense  recognised  18 May 2021  332,058  $4.00  $3.40  $199,235   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 22: Earnings Per Share

## Basic and diluted earnings per share

The calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share ('EPS') has been based on the following profit attributable to ordinary shareholders and weighted-average number of ordinary shares.

| 2022  Cents  2021  Cents  Basic earnings per share  88.55  39.69  Diluted earnings per share  88.46  39.69  Earnings  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  The earnings used in the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share are the  same and can be reconciled to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other  comprehensive income as follows:  Profit for the year  178,402  60,389  Net (profit) attributable to non-controlling interests  (158)  (16)  Earnings used in calculating basic and diluted earnings per share  178,244  60,373  Weighted average number of shares  2022  2021  The weighted average number of shares used in the calculation of basic earnings  per share  201,291,659  152,104,480  The weighted average number of shares and potential ordinary shares used in the  calculation of diluted earnings per share  201,486,594  152,104,480   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The number of ordinary shares in the 2021 financial year were adjusted retrospectively back to 1 July 2019 (see Note 19).

Performance rights under the Australian Clinical Labs Performance Rights Plan are determined to be contingently issuable shares because their issue is contingent upon satisfying specified conditions in addition to the passage of time and therefore are not included in the determination of diluted earnings per share.

Details of the options and rights exercised, forfeited and issued in the period between the reporting date and the date of this report are detailed in Note 21.

## Notes to the financial statements

## Note 23: Dividends

| (a) Dividends paid or declared  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Final dividend for the year-ended 30 June 2020 of 6.21 cents per share paid on  29 September 2020 fully franked.  On a retrospective basis, in line with the EPS calculation at Note 22, the dividend  would have been 14.45 cents per share.  -  21,000  Pre IPO dividend of 14.25 cents per share paid on 18 May 2021 fully franked.  On a retrospective basis, in line with the EPS calculation at Note 22, the dividend  would have been 14.25 cents per share.  -  21,000  Interim dividend for the half-year ended 31 December 2021 of 12.00 cents  (2021: Nil cents) per share paid on 21 April 2022 fully franked.  24,218  -  24,218  42,000  (b) Dividends declared after the reporting period and not recognised  Final dividend for the year-ended 30 June 2022 of 41.00 cents per share  (2021: Nil cents) has been declared with a record date of 24 August 2022 and  payable on 15 September 2022, fully franked.  82,752  -  (b) Franked dividends  Franking credits available at year end for subsequent financial years based on a  tax rate of 30%  69,994  11,687   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 24: Changes to the Composition of the Group

## Business combinations

## a) Acquisition of Medlab Pathology

On 20 December 2021, the Group successfully completed the acquisition of Medlab Pathology (Medlab), a leading Australian privately-owned independent pathology provider, with two laboratories and around 300 collection centres across NSW and Queensland.

The details of the business combination are as follows:

| $'000  Fair value of consideration transferred  Consideration transferred settled in cash  60,000  Deferred consideration  5,000  Contingent consideration  5,000  Free cashflow adjustment  (9,500)  Total  60,500  Recognised amounts of identifiable net assets  Inventories  2,834  Other assets  119  Total current assets  2,953  Plant and equipment (Note 10)  7 ,046  Right-of-use assets  33,552  Total non-current assets  40,598  Lease liabilities  11,205  Provisions  1,988  Total current liabilities  13,193  Lease liabilities  21,769  Provisions  366  Deferred tax liability  144  Total non-current liabilities  22,279  Identifiable net assets  8,079  Goodwill on acquisition (Note 12)  52,421   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consideration transferred

The acquisition of Medlab is to be settled in cash totalling $60.5m.

Acquisition-related costs are not included as part of consideration transferred and have been recognised as an expense in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

## Contingent consideration

Contingent consideration of $5.0m is payable if certain revenue targets are met for FY22. The full value of this contingent consideration has been recognised on acquisition as the targets are deemed probable of being achieved.

## Note 24: Changes to the Composition of the Group (continued)

## b) Acquisition of SunDoctors (prior year)

On 18 May 2021 in conjunction with the IPO, the Group acquired 100% of the issued share capital in Southern Sun Clinics Pty Ltd (SunDoctors).

The details of the business combination are as follows:

| 2021  $'000  Fair value of consideration transferred  Amount settled in cash  90  Shares issued in Australian Clinical Labs Limited  74,651  Total  74,741  Recognised amounts of identifiable net assets  Cash and cash equivalents  2,358  Trade and other receivables  2,426  Inventories  597  Other assets  967  Total current assets  6,348  Plant and equipment (Note 10)  4,499  Right-of-use assets  4,942  Total non-current assets  9,441  Trade and other payables  4,701  Lease liabilities  1,807  Provisions  1,118  Current tax liabilities  26  Borrowings  4,661  Deferred consideration (CL)  664  Total current liabilities  12,977  Lease liabilities  3,229  Deferred tax liabilities  496  Total non-current liabilities  3,725  Identifiable net assets  (913)  Goodwill on acquisition (Note 12)  70,235  Brand value on acquisition (Note 12)  5,600  Customer lists on acquisition (Note 12)  1,350  Deferred tax on acquisition  (1,531)  Consideration transferred settled in cash  (90)  Cash and cash equivalents acquired  2,358  Net cash inflow on acquisition  2,268   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consideration transferred

The acquisition of SunDoctors was settled in cash of $90k and shares issued in the Company amounting to $74.7m.

Acquisition-related costs are not included as part of consideration transferred and have been recognised as an expense in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, as part of other expenses in the prior financial year.

## Identifiable net assets

The fair value of the trade and other receivables acquired as part of the business combination amounted to $2.4m, with a gross contractual amount of $2.4m. As of acquisition date, the Group's best estimate of the contractual cash flow not expected to be collected is $nil.

## c) Geneseq Pty Ltd

On 18 May 2021, the Group disposed of all shares in Geneseq Pty Ltd ('Geneseq'), an entity that the Group was deemed to have significant influence over, at cost price.

On 6 June 2022, the Group paid for convertible notes in Geneseq.

## Note 25: Controlled Entities

The financial report includes the financial statements of Australian Clinical Labs Limited and its controlled entities as listed below:

| Country of  incorporation  Percentage  owned  (%)  2022  Percentage  owned  (%)  2021  Parent Entity:  Australian Clinical Labs Limited  Australia  Subsidiaries of Australian Clinical Labs Limited:  ACL MidCo Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  ACL Finco Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Clinical Laboratories Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Clinical Laboratories (WA) Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Perth Medical Laboratories Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  ACL Employee Share Trusco Pty Ltd  Australia  100  -  Malvern Pathology Laboratories Sdn Bhd.  Malaysia  100  100  Southern Sun Clinics Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  SunDoctors Kalowen Pty Ltd  Australia  85  85  Southern Sun Practices Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  SunDoctors Taree Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  SunDoctors Coffs Harbour (Southern Cross) Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  SunDoctors Pottsville Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  SunDoctors Byron Bay Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  SunDoctors Burleigh Heads Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  SunDoctors Novocastrian Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Dermapath AI Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Southern Sun Pathology (Helix) Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Southern Sun Healthcare Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  SunDoctors Nelson Bay Pty Ltd (formerly known as  SunDoctors Joondalup Pty Ltd)  Australia  100  100  WSCC Healthcare Pty Ltd  Australia  50  50  Orange Skin Cancer Clinic Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Ryde Skin Cancer Clinic Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Bolton Street Cancer Clinic Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Gosford SCC Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Southern Sun Pathology Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Skin Cancer Clinic Parramatta Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Aussie Skin Cancer Clinics Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Wollongong SCC Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Malvern Pathology Laboratories Sdn Bhd. recharges its costs plus a mark-up to Clinical Laboratories Pty Ltd which is eliminated upon consolidation.

## Note 26: Interests in Associates and Joint Arrangements

At the end of the 2020 financial year, the Group had a 20% ownership interest in Geneseq Pty Ltd. The interest was immaterial to the Group. The Group's interest in Geneseq was sold on 18 May 2021. Please refer to Note 24(c) for more details.

The Group paid for convertible notes in Geneseq on 6 June 2022. Please refer to Note 24(c) for more details.

## Note 27: Related Parties

## a) Parent entities and subsidiaries

Australian Clinical Labs Limited is the ultimate Parent Company in the Group comprising the Company and its subsidiaries as detailed in Note 25.

## b) Key management personnel compensation

Details of remuneration of key management personnel and transactions with them have been disclosed in the Remuneration Report within the Directors' Report. The aggregate remuneration of the key management personnel is shown below:

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Short-term employee benefits:  3,508  3,159  Long-term employee benefits  18  51  Post-employment benefits  107  58  Share based payments  195  159  Share based payments (accelerated)  -  469  3,828  3,896   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The IPO triggered the Legacy Plan to vest and subsequently there was an acceleration of the expense associated with this plan which lead to a one-off expense totalling $920k of which $469k was in relation to key management personnel. Refer to Note 21 for full details.

## Note 28: Notes to the Statement of Cash Flows

## (a) Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents

For the purposes of the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand and in banks and investments in money market instruments, net of outstanding bank overdrafts. Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the financial period as shown in the statement of cash flows are reconciled to the related items in the statement of financial position as follows:

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Cash and cash equivalents - at amortised cost  26,372  35,233   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 28: Notes to the Statement of Cash Flows (continued)

## (b) Reconciliation of net profit for the year to net cash flows from operating activities

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Profit for the year before taxation  254,900  86,653  Non-cash flows in operating profit  Depreciation  106,096  88,052  Loss on sale of assets  668  (26)  Share based payments expense  1,458  2,166  Accrued interest expense on borrowings  97  (16,672)  Capitalised borrowing costs  260  (749)  363,479  159,424  Changes in assets and liabilities  (Increase)/decrease in trade and other receivables  (28,119)  2,749  (Increase)/decrease in other assets  509  (1,251)  Increase in inventories  (3,898)  (2,261)  Increase in trade and other payables  16,487  5,175  Increase in provisions  2,915  8,592  Increase in other liabilities  1,587  -  Income tax paid  (68,873)  (18,564)  Net cash provided by operating activities  284,087  153,864   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (c) Non-cash financing and investing activities

The following non-cash financing and investing activities occurred during the year and are not reflected in the statement of cash flows:

- Acquisition of right-of-use assets (Note 11)
- Options and rights issued to employees for no cash consideration (Note 21)

## (d) Bank facilities and guarantees

At 30 June 2022, the Group had a bank overdraft available of $6.3m which had not been utilised at year end (2021: $6.5m, nil utilised).

Financial guarantees also existed in relation to rental properties. The Group has utilised $5.9m (2021: $5.1m) of its $7.0m (2021: $7.0m) facility with the Commonwealth Bank at 30 June 2022.

In order to enhance the Group's liquidity, the Group also has available the following unsecured debt facilities:

- $13.5m funded jointly with Commonwealth Bank and HSBC, which includes the bank overdraft and facility in relation to the financial guarantees above, $5.9m utilised (2021: $5.1m utilised, $13.5m limit).
- $100.0m funded jointly by Commonwealth Bank and HSBC which is unutilised as at 30 June 2022 (2021: $100.0m, fully utilised).

## Note 29: Financial Risk Management

The Group's activities expose it to a variety of financial risks which includes market risk (including currency and interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group's risk management is coordinated at its head office, in close cooperation with the board of directors, and focuses actively in ensuring the Group's short to medium-term cash flows by minimising potential adverse effects on the financial performance of the Group.

The Group's financial instruments consist mainly of deposit with banks, debt facilities, trade receivables and trade payables. The Group does not actively engage in the trading of financial assets for speculative purposes nor does it write options. The below is an outline of key financial risks and the Group management's strategies for managing them.

| Risk  Description  Strategy for management  Capital  management risk  The Group manages its capital with the aim  to ensure the Group's ability to continue to  operate as a going concern so that it can  continue to provide returns to its shareholders.  The Group aims to optimise its debt and equity  balance to reduce the cost of capital.  The Group proactively manages its capital  structure and may issue new shares, or  enter into rights issues or vary the amount of  dividends paid to shareholders.  The capital structure of the Group is mainly  monitored on the basis of the following ratios,  which are also covenants under the Group's  debt facilities:  •  Leverage Ratio.  The Group's leverage ratio as at  30 June 2022 is -0.09, which is well under  the upper threshold of 3.50.  •  Fixed Charge Cover Ratio.  The Group's fixed charge ratio as at 30 June  2022 is approximately 15.57, which is well  over the bottom threshold of 1.50.  Market risk  Interest rate risk  The Group's exposure to market risk from  changes interest rates relates primarily to  its short-term cash investments and bank  borrowings at variable interest rates.  The Group may enter into interest rate swap  contracts to hedge against exposure to  fluctuations in interest rates. The Group did not  enter into any interest rate swaps in the current  year.  Foreign exchange  risk  The Group has minimum foreign currency risk  from the following:  •  Translation of the net assets of the Group's  foreign controlled entity, which operates  using a different functional currency.  •  The Group has limited number of transactions  that are required to be settled in foreign  currencies.  The Group may enter into cash flow hedges  for committed, large and known expenditure  denominated in foreign currency to manage its  foreign exchange risk.  Price risk  The Group does not have significant exposure  to fluctuations in the fair values or future cash  flows of financial instruments associated with  changes in market prices.  The Group does not currently invest in equity  securities or other financial instruments with  market prices risk.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the financial statements

## Note 29: Financial Risk Management (continued)

| Risk  Description  ## Strategy for management  Credit risk  The exposure to credit risk at the balance date  is the carrying amount of those assets, net any  of provisions for impairment as disclosed in  Note 7 of the financial report.  The Group does not have any material exposure  to any individual customers or counterparty  other than certain government or statutory  funded bodies which the Group operates.  The Group manages credit risk by performing ageing analysis on receivable balances on an ongoing basis. The Group also has a rigorous process in place to minimise bad debts which involve sending out reminder notices, demand for repayments and referral to debt collection agencies.  The Group has not renegotiated any material collection/repayment terms of any financial assets in the current of previous financial year.  Liquidity risk  The Group is required to maintain a high level of  liquidity to ensure that it is capable of meeting  its obligations associated with its financial  liabilities and to fund its long-term strategic  initiatives and expansion plans.  The Group manages its liquidity risk by:  - The Group has adequate debt facilities in place should they be required to refinance any short term liabilities.  - Ongoing cash flow forecasting and reporting.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## a) Interest rate risk

The Group's exposure to interest rate risk and the effective weighted average interest rate by maturity period is set out in the below table. Exposure predominantly arises from the Group's borrowings at floating interest plus a fixed margin.

| Fixed interest rate  2022  Average interest  rate %  Variable  interest rate  $'000  Less than  1 year  $'000  1 to 5 years  $'000  More than  5 years  $'000  Total  $'000  Financial assets  Cash  0.17%  26,372  -  -  -  26,372  Financial liabilities  Bank loans  BBSY + 1.5% - 2.40%  -  -  -  -  -  Lease liabilities  2.05% - 7.00%  -  (94,767)  (154,374)  (13,236)  (262,377)  Total  26,372  (94,767)  (154,374)  (13,236)  (236,005)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Fixed interest rate  2021  Average interest  rate %  Variable  interest rate  $'000  Less than  1 year  $'000  1 to 5 years  $'000  More than  5 years  $'000  Total  $'000  Financial assets  Cash  0.15%  35,233  -  -  -  35,233  Financial liabilities  Bank loans  BBSY + 1.5% - 2.40%  (99,511)  -  -  -  (99,511)  Lease liabilities*  2.05% - 7.00%  -  (69,996)  (119,862)  (14,482)  (204,340)  Total  (64,278)  (69,996)  (119,862)  (14,482)  (268,618)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* ACL has revised the previous year financial statements. Refer to notes 11 and 15 for further details.

## b) Sensitivity Analysis

The following table summarises the sensitivity of the Group's financial asset and liabilities to interest rate risk. The analysis has been determined based on the Group's exposure to variable interest rates during the financial year projecting a reasonably possible change taking place at the beginning of the financial year, held constant throughout the financial year and applied to variable interest payments made throughout the financial year.

| Result  Equity  2022  Carrying  amount  $'000  1.0%/100BP  increase  $'000  1.0%/100BP  decrease  $'000  1.0%/100BP  increase  $'000  1.0%/100BP  decrease  $'000  Financial assets  Cash  26,372  264  (264)  264  (264)  Financial liabilities  Bank loans  -  -  -  -  -  Total  26,372  264  (264)  264  (264)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Result  Equity  2021  Carrying  amount  $'000  0.5%/50BP  increase  $'000  0.5%/50BP  decrease  $'000  0.5%/50BP  increase  $'000  0.5%/50BP  decrease  $'000  Financial assets  Cash  35,233  176  (176)  176  (176)  Financial liabilities  Bank loans  (99,511)  (498)  498  (498)  498  Total  (64,278)  (322)  322  (322)  322   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 30: Parent Entity Information

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Assets  Current assets  230,613  226,984  Non-current assets  585,468  586,579  Total assets  816,081  813,563  Liabilities  Current liabilities  148  865  Non-current liabilities  -  -  Total liabilities  148  865  Equity  Issued capital  797,975  797,975  Reserves  1,501  43  Retained earnings  16,457  14,680  Total equity  815,933  812,698   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 30: Parent Entity Information (continued)

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Financial performance  Loss for the year  (1,505)  (9,353)  Total comprehensive income  (1,505)  (9,353)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 31: Auditors' Remuneration

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Auditor of Australian Clinical Labs Limited - Audit Services  Audit of the financial report for the financial year  243  195  Review of the financial report for the half year  69  85  Total audit and other assurance services  312  280   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 32: Contingent Asset

During the year one of our laboratories based in Queensland was flooded with extensive damage caused to the laboratory equipment and consumables on hand.

An insurance claim process is underway, however at 30 June 2022 the insurance claim had not been verified in its entirety and as such a receivable for the entire claim has not been recorded at 30 June 2022. The Group was able to get the insurers to agree to some specific items and as such, there was insurance income recorded for $1.6m in the statement of profit and loss. This was also in line with the value of assets and consumables written off during the year and as such there is no impact on the net profit after tax as a result of the insurance event.

The Group has a contingent asset for the remaining balance of the claim that has yet to be quantified and verified by the insurers, which has not been recognised in the financial statements.

## Note 33: Deed of Cross Guarantee

Pursuant to ASIC Corporations (Wholly-owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785, the wholly-owned subsidiaries listed below are relieved from the Corporations Act 2001 requirements for preparation, audit and lodgement of financial reports, and Directors' reports.

It is a condition of the Instrument that the relevant holding entity and each of the relevant subsidiaries enter into a Deed of Cross Guarantee. The effect of the Deed is that each holding entity guarantees to each creditor payment in full of any debt in the event of winding up of any of the subsidiaries in each Group under certain provisions of the Corporations Act 2001 . If a winding up occurs under other provisions of the Corporations Act 2001 , each holding entity will only be liable in the event that after six months any creditor has not been paid in full. The subsidiaries have also given similar guarantees in the event that each holding entity is wound up.

The parent entity and subsidiaries subject to the Deed of Cross Guarantee as at 30 June 2022 are as follows:

- Australian Clinical Labs Limited
- ACL MidCo Pty Ltd
- ACL FinCo Pty Ltd
- Clinical Laboratories Pty Ltd
- Clinical Laboratories (WA) Pty Ltd
- Southern Sun Clinics Pty Ltd
- Southern Sun Pathology Pty Ltd
- Southern Sun Healthcare Pty Ltd
- Southern Sun Pathology (Helix) Pty Ltd

These entities above represent a 'Closed Group' for the purposes of the Instrument.

## a) Consolidated statement of profit or loss of the Closed Group

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Revenue  985,212  641,616  Other income  1,561  (2,034)  Total  986,773  639,582  Consumables  (207,143)  (119,547)  Labour costs  (307,527)  (245,957)  Property costs  (17,096)  (14,015)  Repairs and maintenance  (7,972)  (6,859)  IPO transaction costs  -  (17,420)  Acquisition related expenses  (7,379)  -  Insurance write-off and associated costs  (1,561)  -  Other operating expenses  (67,462)  (40,008)  Depreciation  (10,888)  (9,720)  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  (93,724)  (77,865)  Amortisation of acquired intangible assets  196  7  Total operating costs  (720,556)  (531,384)  Earnings before interest and tax  266,217  108,198  Net finance costs  (11,635)  (21,848)  Profit before income tax  254,582  86,350  Income tax expense  (76,519)  (26,176)  Profit for the year  178,063  60,174  Net (profit) attributable to non-controlling interests  (158)  (16)  Net profit attributable to members of the Closed Group  177,905  60,158   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## b) Consolidated statement of other comprehensive income of the Closed Group

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Profit for the year  178,063  60,174  Other comprehensive income  Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss  Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations  -  -  Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax  -  -  Total comprehensive income for the year  178,063  60,174  Total comprehensive income attributable to:  Members of the Closed Group  177,905  60,158  Non-controlling interests  158  16  178,063  60,174   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 33: Deed of Cross Guarantee (continued)

## c) Reconciliation of retained earnings of the Closed Group

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Retained earnings at the beginning of the financial year  61,823  41,099  Profit from ordinary activities after income tax expense  177,906  60,158  Dividends paid during the year  (24,218)  (42,000)  Reclassification of pre IPO Management Equity Plan  -  2,566  Retained earnings at the end of the financial year  215,511  61,823   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## d) Consolidated Statement of Financial Position of the Closed Group

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  CURRENT ASSETS  Cash and cash equivalents  25,098  34,565  Trade and other receivables  90,834  62,864  Inventories  19,980  13,249  Other assets  12,516  7 , 159  TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS  148,428  117 ,837  NON-CURRENT ASSETS  Plant and equipment  56,940  40,784  Right-of-use assets*  250,308  193,758  Intangible assets  163,739  111,371  Other assets  150  -  Deferred tax assets  9,803  16,145  TOTAL NON-CURRENT ASSETS  480,940  362,058  TOTAL ASSETS  629,368  479,895  CURRENT LIABILITIES  Trade and other payables  58,934  42,072  Lease liabilities*  93,964  69,170  Provisions  53,593  48,441  Current tax liabilities  5,659  4,003  Deferred consideration  10,000  200  Other liabilities  1,587  -  TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES  223,737  163,886   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* ACL has revised the previous year financial statements. Refer to notes 11 and 15 for further details.

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES  Lease liabilities*  166,571  132,838  Borrowings  -  99,511  Provisions  2,712  2,556  TOTAL NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES  169,283  234,905  TOTAL LIABILITIES  393,020  398,791  NET ASSETS  236,348  81,104  EQUITY  Issued capital  797,975  797,975  Reserves  (777,251)  (778,710)  Retained earnings  215,511  61,823  Total Closed Group interest  236,235  81,088  Non-controlling Interest  113  16  TOTAL EQUITY  236,348  81,104   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* ACL has revised the previous year financial statements. Refer to notes 11 and 15 for further details.

## Note 34: Subsequent Events

There were no other significant changes in the Group's state of affairs that occurred following the end of the financial year and up to the date of the financial report, other than those referred to elsewhere in this report.

## Notes to the financial statements

## Directors' declaration

In the Directors' opinion:

- a)   the financial statements and notes set out on pages 64 to 110 are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:
2. (i)   complying with Accounting Standards, the Corporations Regulations 2001 and other mandatory professional reporting requirements; and
3. (ii)   giving a true and fair view of the Group's financial position as at 30 June 2022 and of its performance for the financial year ended on that date; and
- b)   there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Group will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and payable; and
- c)   at the date of this declaration, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the members of the Closed Group identified in Note 33 will be able to meet any obligations or liabilities to which they are, or may become, subject by virtue of the Deed of Cross Guarantee described in Note 33.

Note 1(a) confirms that the financial statements also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

The Directors have been given the declarations by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required under section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001.

This declaration is made in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Michael Alscher Chair 9 August 2022

Melinda McGrath CEO and Executive Director 9 August 2022

## Independent Auditor's Report

## AUSTRALIAN CLINICAL LABS LIMITED AND CONTROLLED ENTITIES ABN: 94 645 711 128

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF AUSTRALIAN CLINICAL LABS LIMITED

## Report on the Audit of the Financial Report

## Opinion

We have audited the financial report of Australian Clinical Labs Limited 'the Company' and its controlled entities 'the Group', which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2022, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies, and the directors' declaration.

In our opinion, the accompanying financial report of the Group is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 , including:

- (a) giving a true and fair view of the Group's financial position as at 30 June 2022 and of its financial performance for the year then ended; and
- (b) complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001 .

## Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report section  of  our  report.  We  are  independent  of  the  Group  in  accordance  with  the  auditor independence  requirements  of  the Corporations  Act  2001 and  the  ethical  requirements  of  the Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board's APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants  (including  Independence  Standards) 'the  Code'  that  are  relevant  to  our  audit  of  the financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.

We confirm that the independence declaration required by the Corporations Act 2001 , which has been given to the directors of the Company, would be in the same terms if given to the directors as at the time of this auditor's report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial report of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

| Key Audit Matter  How our audit addressed the key audit matter  Carrying value of Goodwill  Refer to Note 1(l) and Note 12  At 30 June 2022 the Group's balance sheet  includes goodwill relating to one cash  generating unit ('CGU').  We believe due to  the significance of the goodwill balance, that  the carrying value is a key audit matter.  Our procedures included, amongst others:  •  Assessing management's determination of the  Group's CGU based on our understanding of  the nature of the Group's business and the  economic environment in which it operates.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Pitcher Partners. An independent Victorian Partnership ABN 27 975 255 196. Level 13, 664 Collins Street, Docklands, VIC 3008 Pitcher Partners is an association of independent firms. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation. Pitcher Partners is a member of the global network of Baker Tilly International Limited, the members of which are separate and independent legal entities

## Adelaide  Brisbane  Melbourne  Newcastle  Sydney  Perth

pitcher.com.au

<!-- image -->

## AUSTRALIAN CLINICAL LABS LIMITED AND CONTROLLED ENTITIES ABN: 94 645 711 128

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF AUSTRALIAN CLINICAL LABS LIMITED

Specifically, the key audit matter for us was whether the Group's value in use model for impairment included appropriate consideration and support for significant estimates and judgements and the selection of key external and internal inputs.

- Understanding and evaluating the design and implementation of management's process and controls regarding valuation of the Group's goodwill assets to determine any asset impairment including the procedures around the preparation and review of forecasts.

Management's assessment of impairment of the Group's goodwill balances incorporated significant estimates and judgements in respect of factors such as forecast:

- revenues;
- expenses;
- capital expenditure; and
- economic assumptions in the cash flow model such as, discount rates, growth rates and terminal growth rate.

Business combination of Medlabs Refer to Note 1(c) and Note 24 On 20 December 2021 the Group acquired

Medlabs pathology business for gross purchase consideration of $60.5 million.

Accounting for this transaction is a complex and judgemental exercise, requiring management to assess the fair value of acquired assets and liabilities, in particular assessing the allocation of purchase consideration to goodwill and any separately identifiable intangible assets such as customer contracts and relationships.

It is due to the size of the acquisition and the estimation process involved in accounting for it that this is a key area of audit focus.

- Evaluating the Group's significant estimates and judgements used to determine the recoverable value of its assets, including those relating to forecast revenue, expenses, capital expenditure, and other economic assumptions.
- Engaging an auditor's expert to evaluate the key economic assumptions to external market data.
- Recalculating the mathematical accuracy of the cash flow model.
- Assessing the historical accuracy of forecasting of the Group.
- Performing sensitivity analysis in relation to the significant estimates and judgements made by management.
- Assessing the adequacy of disclosure in the financial statements.

Our procedures included, amongst others:

- We read the sale and purchase agreement to understand key terms and conditions;
- Evaluated the Group's purchase price allocation based on managements assumptions and estimates.
- Recalculating the Group's purchase price allocation using observable inputs.
- Performed substantive audit procedures on material acquired balances.
- Assessing the adequacy of disclosure in the financial statements.

Pitcher Partners. An independent Victorian Partnership ABN 27 975 255 196. Level 13, 664 Collins Street, Docklands, VIC 3008 Pitcher Partners is an association of independent firms. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation. Pitcher Partners is a member of the global network of Baker Tilly International Limited, the members of which are separate and independent legal entities

Adelaide  Brisbane  Melbourne  Newcastle  Sydney  Perth

<!-- image -->

pitcher.com.au

## Independent Auditor's Report

## AUSTRALIAN CLINICAL LABS LIMITED AND CONTROLLED ENTITIES ABN: 94 645 711 128

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF AUSTRALIAN CLINICAL LABS LIMITED

## Other Information

The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the Group's annual report for the year ended 30 June 2022, but does not include the financial report and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and accordingly we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial report or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001 and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

## Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of this financial report.

As part of an audit in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial report, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

Pitcher Partners. An independent Victorian Partnership ABN 27 975 255 196. Level 13, 664 Collins Street, Docklands, VIC 3008 Pitcher Partners is an association of independent firms. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation. Pitcher Partners is a member of the global network of Baker Tilly International Limited, the members of which are separate and independent legal entities

Adelaide  Brisbane  Melbourne  Newcastle  Sydney  Perth pitcher.com.au

<!-- image -->

## AUSTRALIAN CLINICAL LABS LIMITED AND CONTROLLED ENTITIES ABN: 94 645 711 128

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF AUSTRALIAN CLINICAL LABS LIMITED

- Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.
- Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the financial report or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our  auditor's  report.  However,  future  events  or  conditions  may  cause  the  Group  to  cease  to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate  the  overall  presentation,  structure  and  content  of  the  financial  report,  including  the disclosures, and whether the financial report represents the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business  activities  within  the  Group  to  express  an  opinion  on  the  financial  report.  We  are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial report of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

Pitcher Partners. An independent Victorian Partnership ABN 27 975 255 196. Level 13, 664 Collins Street, Docklands, VIC 3008 Pitcher Partners is an association of independent firms. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation. Pitcher Partners is a member of the global network of Baker Tilly International Limited, the members of which are separate and independent legal entities

Adelaide  Brisbane  Melbourne  Newcastle  Sydney  Perth

pitcher.com.au

<!-- image -->

## Independent Auditor's Report

## AUSTRALIAN CLINICAL LABS LIMITED AND CONTROLLED ENTITIES ABN: 94 645 711 128

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF AUSTRALIAN CLINICAL LABS LIMITED

## Report on the Remuneration Report

Opinion on the Remuneration Report

We have audited the Remuneration Report included in pages 3 1 to 4 5 of the directors' report for the year ended 30 June 2022. In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of Australian Clinical Labs Limited, for the year ended 30 June 2022, complies with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001 .

Responsibilities

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the Remuneration Report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001 . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

S D WHITCHURCH Partner

PITCHER PARTNERS Melbourne

9 August 2022

Pitcher Partners. An independent Victorian Partnership ABN 27 975 255 196. Level 13, 664 Collins Street, Docklands, VIC 3008 Pitcher Partners is an association of independent firms. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation. Pitcher Partners is a member of the global network of Baker Tilly International Limited, the members of which are separate and independent legal entities

Adelaide  Brisbane  Melbourne  Newcastle  Sydney  Perth

<!-- image -->

pitcher.com.au

## Number of Shareholders

As at 7 September 2022, there were 201,834,015 fully paid ordinary shares held by 5,114 shareholders.

## Distribution of ordinary shares as at 7 September 2022

| Number of shares held  No. of individuals  1-1,000  2,601  1,001-5,000  1,702  5,001-10,000  453  10,001-100,000  304  100,001- and over  5  TOTAL  5,114   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

388 shareholders held less than a marketable parcel of shares.

## Number of Rights holders

As at 7 September 2022, there were 1,626,926 Rights held by 49 persons.

## Distribution of Rights as 7 September 2022

| Number of Rights held  No. of individuals  1-1,000  -  1,001-5,000  -  5,001-10,000  1  10,001-100,000  45  100,001- and over  3  TOTAL  49   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Number of Options holders

As at 7 September 2022, the Company did not have any options on issue.

## Shares held in escrow

Prior to its IPO, the Group had previously established an equity incentive plan under which certain senior executives received ordinary shares. Under the arrangements for the issue of the MEP Shares, if a participant ceases to be employed by the Group, the participant will no longer have an entitlement to MEP Shares still under escrow.

There are currently 3,070,162 MEP Shares which will be released from escrow following announcement of the Company's financial results for the period ended 31 December 2022.

As at 7 September 2022, there were 13  employees holding 3,070,162 MEP Shares as follows:

| Number of MEP Shares held  No. of individuals  1-1,000  -  1,001-5,000  -  5,001-10,000  -  10,001-100,000  1  100,001- and over  12  TOTAL  13   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Securities Exchange Listing

On 14 May 2021, Australian Clinical Labs Limited became a listed public company, incorporated and operating in Australia. The shares of the Company are listed on the ASX under the code 'ACL'.

## Voting rights

The voting rights of members are governed by ACL's constitution, which provides that each member is entitled to be present at any general meeting of ACL and to vote on any resolution on a show of hands or upon a poll. A member can attend personally or by appointing a proxy, attorney or corporate representative, as appropriate. Every member present in person, by proxy, attorney or corporate representative, has one vote for every share held.

ACL's fully paid ordinary shares carry voting rights of one vote per share.

ACL Rights do not carry voting rights. Restricted shares following exercise of a Right carry voting rights.

MEP Shares do not carry voting rights.

## Top 20 Shareholders as at 7 September 2022

| Rank  Name  No. of shares  % of shares  on issue  1.  HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED  40,761,398  20.20  2.  CRESCENT CAPITAL PARTNERS V LP.  34,579,411  17.13  3.  CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED  24,821,536  12.30  4.  NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED  17,107,385  8.48  5.  J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED  15,379,833  7.62  6.  INSTANZ NOMINEES PTY LTD  9,514,668  4.71  7.  CCP TRUSCO 1 PTY LTD  8,919,642  4.42  8.  BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD  4,550,042  2.25  9.  CCP TRUSCO 2 PTY LTD  3,908,488  1.94  10.  RIVER CAPITAL PTY LTD  2,500,000  1.24  11.  HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED  2,254,923  1.12  12.  MELINDA MCGRATH  2,173,867  1.08  13.  PERPETUAL CORPORATE TRUST LTD  2,084,287  1.03  14.  UBS NOMINEES PTY LTD  1,936,124  0.96  15.  PERPETUAL CORPORATE TRUST LTD  1,786,533  0.89  16.  ACL EMPLOYEE SHARE TRUSCO PTY LTD  1,023,715  0.51  17.  HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED - A/C 2  888,889  0.44  18.  ANTHONY LANDGREN  838,211  0.42  19.  ANTHONY FRIEDLI  754,390  0.37  20.  A.C.N. 633 176 100 PTY LTD  683,806  0.34  TOTAL  176,467,148  87.43   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Substantial shareholders as per most recent notice

| Name  Number of fully  paid ordinary  shares  % of total issued  capital as at the  date of latest  notice  Crescent Capital Partners (various holdings)  60,793,029  30.12  ACL (in respect of ACL shares held in escrow by various ACL shareholders)  32,964,134  16.33  Ethical Partners Funds Management Pty Ltd  15,525,294  7 .69  River Capital Pty Ltd  11,434,849  5.67   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Indicative Corporate Calendar*

| 2022 AGM  19 October 2022  FY23 half year results announcement  23 February 2023  FY23 year end  30 June 2023  FY23 full year results announcement  25 August 2023  2023 AGM  25 October 2023   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* These dates are indicative only and are subject to change

Shareholders are reminded that under the Company's constitution any shareholder wishing to nominate themselves or another person as candidate for election as a director must serve a signed notice of nomination and a consent to the nomination on the Company by no later than 35 business days before an AGM.

This page has been left blank intentionally.

## Corporate Directory

## Company's registered office and principal administrative office

Australian Clinical Labs Limited

1868-1892 Dandenong Road Clayton VIC 3168

Tel: 1300 453 688

## Share registry

Link Market Services

Level 12 680 George Street Sydney NSW 2000

Tel: 1300 554 474

Australian Clinical Labs Limited 1868 Dandenong Road Clayton, Vic, 3168

ABN 94 645 711 128

<!-- image -->