<!-- image -->

## Ballys Corporation Annual Report 2022

## Form 10-K (NYSE:BALY)

Published: November 9th, 2022

PDF generated by stocklight.com

<!-- image -->

(Mark One)

☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021

or

☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Commission file number: 001-38850

<!-- image -->

## BALLY'S CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

20-0904604

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

## 100 Westminster Street, Providence, RI 02903

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

## (401) 475-8474

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

## Trading Symbol BALY

## Title of each class Common Stock, par value of $0.01 per share

Name of each exchange on which registered

New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐ No ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate  by  check  mark  whether  the  registrant  has  submitted  electronically  every  Interactive  Data  File  required  to  be  submitted  pursuant  to  Rule  405  of  Regulation  S-T  (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of 'large accelerated filer,' 'accelerated filer,' 'smaller reporting company,' and 'emerging growth company' in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer

☒

Accelerated filer ☐

Non-accelerated filer ☐

Smaller reporting company ☐

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes

☐

No

☒

The aggregate market value of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2021 based on the closing price on the New York Stock Exchange for such date, was approximately $1.8 billion.

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.

Class

Outstanding as of February 14, 2022

Common stock, $0.01 par value

51,693,210

For additional information regarding the Company's shares outstanding, refer to Note 15 'Stockholders' Equity.'

## DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the registrant's definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 17, 2022 are incorporated herein by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

## UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

## FORM 10-K/A

(Amendment No. 1)

## EXPLANATORY NOTE

Bally's  Corporation  ('the  Company'  or  'Bally's')  filed  its  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  the  fiscal  year  ended  December  31,  2021,  with  the  U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ('SEC') on March 1, 2022 (the 'Form 10-K' or the 'Original Filing'). This Amendment No. 1 on Form 10-K/A (this 'Amendment' or 'Form 10-K/A') is being filed to amend the following information in the Company's Form 10-K:

- Part I, Item 1A, 'Risk Factors';
- Part II, Item 7, 'Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations';
- Part II, Item 7A, 'Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk'
- Part II, Item 8, 'Financial Statements and Supplementary Data';
- Part II, Item 9A, 'Controls and Procedures'; and
- Part IV, Item 15, 'Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules'

The other Items of the Original Filing have not been amended and, accordingly, have not been repeated in this Form 10-K/A.

The only changes to the Original Filing are those related to the matters described below and only in the items listed above. Except as described above, no changes have been made to the Original Filing, and this Form 10-K/A does not modify, amend or update any of the other financial information or other information contained in the Original Filing. In addition, in accordance with SEC rules, this Form 10-K/A includes updated certifications from our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer as Exhibits 31.1, 31.2, 32.1 and 32.2. Otherwise, the information contained in this Form 10-K/A is as of the date of the Original Filing and does not reflect any information or events occurring after the date of the Original Filing.

## Background of Correction

In connection with finalizing closing procedures with respect to the Company's third quarter ended September 30, 2022, management concluded that the Company's previously reported consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021 contained an error related to the Company's application of generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America.

In August 2021, in anticipation of Bally's acquisition of Gamesys Group plc ('Gamesys') on October 1, 2021, approximately $1.80 billion US dollars were converted into approximately £1.31 billion GB pound sterling ('GB sterling') and held as restricted cash for use as part of the cash consideration for the acquisition. As of September 30, 2021, the day before the closing of the Gamesys acquisition, the GB sterling spot rate had declined as compared to the corresponding rate on the date of conversion in August 2021, which resulted in a foreign exchange loss for purposes of Bally's third quarter 2021 financial statements of approximately $42.9 million as of September 30, 2021. Bally's recorded this loss as an unrealized loss within other comprehensive income (loss) instead of within non-operating income (expense) within Bally's consolidated statements of operations. Bally's did not need to fund additional cash to  close  the  acquisition  of  Gamesys  as  the  depreciation  of  the  GB  sterling  to  US  dollars  reduced  the  effective  purchase  price  of  the  $2.62  billion acquisition.

Management evaluated the quantitative and qualitative impact of this accounting error on the Company's previously reported financial statements and concluded the error was not material. However, the Company further concluded that the error could not be corrected as an out-of-period adjustment in the Company's unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2022,  because  to  do  so  would  cause  a  material  misstatement  in  those  financial  statements. Accordingly,  the  Company  referred  to  the  guidance prescribed  by  the  SEC's  Staff  Accounting  Bulletin  Nos.  99  and  108,  Materiality  which  specifies  that  the  error  must  be  corrected  the  next  time  the previously  reported  financial  statements  are  filed.  Therefore,  in  conjunction  with  the  Company's  filing  of  this  Form  10-K/A  to  amend  management's assessment of the Company's internal controls over financial reporting, as further described below, the Company corrected the error in the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021 included in this filing as an immaterial revision of the previously reported financial statements and related notes thereto.

In  addition,  the  Company  re-evaluated  the  effectiveness  of  the  Company's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  and  identified  control  deficiencies associated  with  the  accounting  error,  which  the  Company  has  concluded  represents  material  weaknesses  in  the  Company's  internal  control  over financial  reporting  as  of  December  31,  2021.  Further,  included  in  this  Form  10-K/A,  the  Company's  independent  registered  public  accounting  firm, Deloitte  &amp;  Touche  LLP  ('Deloitte'),  is  amending  its  Opinion  on  Internal  Control  over  Financial  Reporting  to  reflect  the  identification  of  material weaknesses in the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021.

As a result of the determination to file this Form 10-K/A, for the reasons outlined in the preceding paragraph, on November 8, 2022, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company, after discussion with management of the Company and Deloitte, determined that the Company will revise its (i) consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 and (ii) unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements for the fiscal quarters ended September 30, 2021, March 31, 2022 and June 30, 2022 to correct the accounting error for all periods presented and disclose the existence of the related material weaknesses. The correction of this accounting error does not impact the Company's previously reported revenue, operating income or Adjusted EBITDA during any financial statement period.

For a more detailed description refer Note 22 'Correction of Consolidated Financial Statements' to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8, 'Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.'

## BALLY'S CORPORATION

## ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

## TABLE OF CONTENTS

| Page No.  PART I  ITEM 1A.  Risk Factors  4  PART II  ITEM 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  28  ITEM 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  43  ITEM 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  44  ITEM 9A.  Controls and Procedures  112  PART IV  ITEM 15.  Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  116  SIGNATURES  122   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements are statements as to matters that are not historical facts, and include statements about our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions.

Forward-looking  statements  are  not  guarantees  and  are  subject  to  risks  and  uncertainties.  Forward-looking  statements  are  based  on  our  current expectations and assumptions. Although we believe that our expectations and assumptions are reasonable at this time, they should not be regarded as representations that our expectations will be achieved. Actual results may vary materially. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the time of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and we do not undertake to update or revise them as more information becomes available, except as required by law.

Important factors beyond those that apply to most businesses, some of which are beyond our control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and assumptions include, without limitation:

- uncertainties  surrounding  the  COVID-19  pandemic,  including  limitations  on  our  operations,  increased  costs,  changes  in  customer  attitudes, impact on our employees and the ongoing impact of COVID-19 on general economic conditions;
- unexpected costs, difficulties integrating and other events impacting our recently completed and proposed acquisitions and our ability to realize anticipated benefits;
- risks associated with our rapid growth, including those affecting customer and employee retention, integration and controls;
- risks associated with the impact of the digitalization of gaming on our casino operations, our expansion into online gaming ('iGaming') and sports betting and the highly competitive and rapidly changing aspects of our interactive businesses generally;
- the very substantial regulatory restrictions applicable to us, including costs of compliance;
- restrictions and limitations in agreements to which we are subject, including our debt, could significantly affect our ability to operate our business and our liquidity; and
- other risks identified in Part I. Item 1A. 'Risk Factors' in this Annual Report on Form 10 -K.

The foregoing list of important factors is not exclusive and does not include matters like changes in general economic conditions that affect substantially all gaming businesses.

You should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements .

## ITEM 1A.    RISK FACTORS

## Risk Factor Summary

Our business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those highlighted in the section titled 'Item 1A. Risk Factors' in this Annual Report on Form 10 -K. Some of these principal risks include the following:

## COVID-19 Pandemic Risks and General Economic Conditions

- The global COVID-19 pandemic has materially impacted our business, financial results and liquidity, and such impact could worsen and last for an unknown period of time.

## Risks Relating to Competition

- The gaming industry is very competitive and increased competition could adversely affect our financial results.

## Compliance, Regulatory and Legal Risks

- We or certain third parties that we rely on may fail to establish and maintain effective and compliant anti -money laundering, counter terrorism financing, safer gambling, fraud detection, risk management and other regulatory policies, procedures and controls.
- Our business is subject to a variety of US and foreign laws, many of which are unsettled and still developing, and which could subject us to claims or  otherwise  harm  our  business  across  jurisdictions  which  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our  financial  condition  and  results  of operations.
- Our  growth  prospects  depend  on  the  legal  status  of  real-money  gaming  in  various  jurisdictions  and  legalization  may  not  occur  in  as  many jurisdictions as we expect, or may occur at a slower pace than we anticipate which could adversely affect our future results of operations.
- We derive meaningful revenues from players located in jurisdictions in which we do not hold a license.

## Business Operational Risks

- Our profitability will be dependent, in part, on return to players.
- We extend credit to a portion of our customers, and we may not be able to collect gaming receivables from our credit customers.
- Declining popularity of games and changes in device preferences of players could have a negative effect on our business.
- Our business may suffer if  we  are  unable  to  successfully  integrate  acquired  businesses  into  our  company  or  otherwise  manage  the  growth associated with multiple acquisitions.
- Our branded sites are heavily reliant on well-known brands owned by third parties.
- Future changes to US and non-US tax laws could adversely affect our business.
- If we fail to detect fraud, theft or cheating, including by our users and employees, our business, financial condition and results of operations may suffer.
- We are subject to risks associated with labor relations, labor costs and labor disruptions.
- Our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected by the occurrence of natural disasters, such as hurricanes or other catastrophic events, including war and terrorism.

## Cybersecurity and Technology Risks

- We are reliant on the reliability and viability of Internet infrastructure, which is out of our control, and the proper functioning of our own network systems.
- Our business may be harmed from cybersecurity incidents.

## Financing Risks

- Our debt agreements and the Regulatory Agreement contain restrictive covenants that may limit our operating flexibility.
- Servicing our indebtedness and funding our other obligations requires a significant amount of cash, and our ability to generate sufficient cash depends on many factors, some of which will be beyond our control.

## Risks Related to our Common Stock

## PART I

- Our largest shareholder owns a meaningful percentage of our outstanding common stock, which could limit the ability of other shareholders to influence corporate matters.
- We are not paying dividends and any decision to do so in the future will be at the discretion of our Board.
- We are a holding company and will depend on our subsidiaries for dividends, distributions and other payments.

## Our  management  identified  material  weaknesses  in  our  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  which  could,  if  not  remediated,  result  in material misstatements in our consolidated financial statements.

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over our financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. As disclosed in this report, the Company did not appropriately design a control to monitor the functional currency assessment of its subsidiaries in accordance with ASC Topic 830, Foreign Currency Matters , specifically with regard to foreign currency held by a newly formed subsidiary  to  effectuate  a  large  international  acquisition.  This  error  related  to  the  current  financial  reporting  period  and  indicated  that  certain deficiencies existed in our internal control over financial reporting. As a result of the accounting error, the Company has re-evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting and identified material weaknesses in the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021. The material weaknesses are: (1) risk assessment - control deficiencies constituting a material weakness, either individually or in the aggregate, relating to identifying and assessing changes in the business that could impact the system of internal controls and (2) control activities control deficiencies constituting a material weakness, either individually or in the aggregate, relating to: (i) designing controls that would address relevant risks identified through the assessment of changes in the business and (ii) operation at a level of precision to identify all potentially material errors. For further  discussion  regarding  the  accounting  error  and  the  correction  of  such  error  in  the  Company's  consolidated  financial  statements,  see  Note  22 Correction of Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II-Item 8 of this Form 10-K/A.

A  material  weakness  is  defined  as  a  deficiency,  or  a  combination  of  deficiencies,  in  internal  control  over  financial  reporting,  such  that  there  is  a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. If not remediated, the material weaknesses identified above could result in material misstatements in our consolidated financial statements.

## COVID-19 Pandemic Risks and General Economic Conditions

## The global COVID-19 pandemic has materially impacted our business, financial results and liquidity, and such impact could worsen and last for an unknown period of time.

The  global  spread  of  the  COVID-19  pandemic,  which  began  in  early  2020,  has  resulted  in  governments,  public  institutions  and  other  organizations imposing or recommending, and businesses and individuals implementing, restrictions on various activities or other actions to combat its spread, such as restrictions and bans on travel or transportation, stay-at-home directives, requirements that individuals wear masks or other face coverings, limitations on the size of gatherings, closures of work facilities, schools, public buildings and businesses, cancellation of events, including sporting events, concerts, conferences and meetings, and quarantines and lock-downs. The pandemic and its consequences dramatically reduced travel and demand for hotel rooms and other casino resort amenities, which had a negative impact on our results in 2020 and 2021. While many restrictions have been relaxed at this point, there are no assurances that a resurgence of future COVID-19 variants will not cause similar disruptions that existed in 2020 and 2021. In addition, future demand for gaming activities may be negatively impacted by the adverse changes in the perceived or actual economic climate, including higher unemployment rates, declines in income levels and loss of personal wealth or reduced business spending due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.

Our  business  would  also  be  impacted  if  the  disruptions  from  the  COVID-19  pandemic  impact  construction  projects,  including  our  project  in  Centre County, Pennsylvania. There are certain limitations on our ability to mitigate the adverse financial impact of these disruptions, such as fixed property costs, reduced access to construction labor and unavailability of construction materials due to supply chain delays. Government measures intended to address the COVID-19 pandemic, such as mandatory quarantines, vaccine mandates and regular testing requirements, could also impact the availability of our employees or other workers or could lead to attrition of key employees or reduced willingness of customers to come to our properties. Any of these factors may continue to disrupt our ability to staff our business adequately and could continue to generally disrupt our operations or construction projects.

We  may  experience  additional  operating  costs  due  to  increased  challenges  with  our  workforce  (including  as  a  result  of  labor  shortages,  illness, absenteeism or government orders), access to supplies, capital and fundamental support services. Even after the COVID-19 pandemic has subsided, we may experience materially adverse impacts to our business due to any resulting supply chain disruptions and economic conditions. Furthermore, the impacts of potential worsening of global economic conditions,  inflation  resulting  from  government  interventions  and  stimulus  and  continued  disruptions  to  and  volatility  in  the  financial  markets  remain unknown.

Given the uncertainty around the extent and timing of any potential future spread or mitigation of the COVID-19 pandemic, and around the imposition or relaxation of protective measures, we cannot reasonably estimate the impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## Our business is particularly sensitive to reductions in discretionary consumer spending.

Our business is particularly sensitive to reductions from time to time in discretionary consumer spending. Demand for entertainment and leisure activities, including  gaming,  can  be  affected  by  changes  in  the  economy  and  consumer  tastes,  both  of  which  are  difficult  to  predict  and  beyond  our  control. Unfavorable changes in general economic conditions, including  recessions,  economic  slowdowns,  sustained  high  levels  of  unemployment  and  rising prices or the perception by consumers of weak or weakening economic conditions, may reduce our users' disposable income or result in fewer individuals engaging in entertainment and leisure activities, such as visiting casinos and casino hotel properties, F2P , DFS, sports betting, iCasino and online bingo. Moreover, we rely on the strength of regional and local economies in the US for the performance of each of our properties. As a result, we cannot ensure that demand for our offerings will remain constant. Adverse developments affecting economies throughout the world including a general tightening of the availability of credit, increasing energy costs, rising prices, inflation, acts of war or terrorism, natural disasters, declining consumer confidence, significant declines in the stock market or epidemics, pandemics or other health-related events or widespread illnesses, like the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, could lead to a reduction in visitors to our properties, including those that stay in our hotels, or discretionary spending by our customers on entertainment and leisure activities, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## Competition

The  gaming  industry,  including  retail  casinos  and  iGaming,  is  very  competitive  and  increased  competition,  including  through  legislative legalization or expansion of gaming by states in or near where we own facilities or through Native American gaming facilities, could adversely affect our financial results.

We face significant competition in all of the areas in which we conduct our business. Increased competitive pressures may adversely affect our ability to continue to attract customers or affect our ability to compete efficiently.

Several of our casinos and resorts are located in jurisdictions that restrict gaming to certain areas and/or may be affected by state laws that currently prohibit or restrict gaming operations. We also face the risk that existing casino licensees will expand their operations and the risk that Native American gaming  will  continue  to  grow.  Budgetary  and  other  political  pressures  faced  by  state  governments  could  lead  to  intensified  efforts  directed  at  the legalization of gaming in jurisdictions where it is currently prohibited. The legalization of gaming in such jurisdictions could be an expansion opportunity for our  business,  or  create  competitive  pressures,  depending  on  where  the  legalization  occurs  and  our  ability  to  capitalize  on  it.  Our  ability  to  attract customers to  the  existing  casinos  which  we  own  could  be  significantly  and  adversely  affected  by  the  legalization  or  expansion  of  gaming  in  certain jurisdictions and by the development or expansion of Native American casinos in areas where our customers may visit.

In addition, our competitors may refurbish, rebrand or expand their casino offerings, which could result in increased competition. Furthermore, changes in ownership may result in improved quality of our competitors' facilities, which may make such facilities more competitive. Certain of our competitors are large  gaming  companies with  greater  name  recognition  and  marketing  and  financial  resources.  In  some  instances,  particularly  in  the  case  of  Native American  casinos,  our  competitors  pay  lower  taxes  or  no  taxes.  These  factors  create  additional  challenges  for  us  in  competing  for  customers  and accessing cash flow or financing to fund improvements for our casino and entertainment products that enable us to remain competitive.

We expect to experience strong competition in hiring and retaining qualified property and corporate management personnel, including competition from Native American gaming facilities that are not subject to the same taxation regimes as we are and therefore may be willing and able to pay higher rates of compensation. From time to time, a number of vacancies in key corporate and property management positions can be expected. If we are unable to successfully recruit and retain qualified management personnel at our facilities or at the corporate level, our results of operations could be adversely affected.

We also  compete  with  other  forms  of  legalized  gaming  and  entertainment  such  as  bingo,  pull-tab  games,  card  parlors,  sportsbooks,  pari-mutuel  or simulcast betting on horse and dog racing, state-sponsored lotteries, instant racing machines, VLTs (including racetracks that offer VLTs) and video poker terminals and, in the future, we may compete with gaming or entertainment at other venues. Further competition from Internet lotteries and other Internet wagering gaming services, which allow their customers to wager on a wide variety of sporting events and play Las Vegas-style casino games from home, could divert customers from the facilities we own and thus adversely affect our business. Such Internet wagering services are likely to expand in future years and  become  more  accessible  to  domestic  gamblers  as  a  result  of  US  Department  of  Justice  positions  related  to  the  application  of  federal  laws  to intrastate Internet gaming and initiatives in some states to consider legislation to legalize intrastate Internet wagering. The law in this area has been rapidly evolving, and additional legislative developments may occur at the federal and state levels that would accelerate the proliferation of certain forms of Internet gaming in the US.

In addition, in May 2018, the US Supreme Court struck down as unconstitutional the Professional and Amateur Sports Protection Act of 1992, a federal statute enacted to stop the spread of state-sponsored sports gambling. This decision has the effect of lifting federal restrictions on sports wagering and thus  allows  states  to  determine  by  themselves  the  legality  of  sports  wagering.  While  new  federal  online  gaming  legislation  has  been  introduced  in Congress from time to time, there has been no federal legislative response to the US Supreme Court's decision.

As a result, numerous states, including states in which we have casino properties, have passed legislation authorizing fixed-odds sports betting, and certain of our properties now offer sports wagering pursuant to state law in each case.

We may also face competition from other gaming facilities which are able to offer sports wagering services (including mobile sports wagering) following the enactment of applicable legislation. Numerous states that border the states in which we operate have pending or proposed legislation which would allow for sports betting, each of which could have an adverse effect on our financial results.

The online gambling industry is highly competitive and we expect more competitors to enter the sector. With several thousand online gambling sites accessible  to  potential  customers  around  the  world  with  little  product  differentiation,  there  is  arguably  an  excess  of  suppliers.  Online  and  offline advertising is widespread, with operators competing for affiliates and customers who are attracted by sign-up bonuses and other incentives.

Existing and new competitors may also increase marketing spending, including to unprofitable levels, in an attempt to distort the online gambling market to build market share quickly. Some of our competitors have or will have significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and sales resources and may be able to respond more quickly to changes in customer needs. Additionally, these competitors may be able to devote a greater number of resources to the enhancement, promotion and sale of their games and gaming systems. Our future success is or will be dependent upon its ability to retain its current customers and to acquire new customers. Failure to do so could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## Compliance, Regulatory and Legal Risks

## We are subject to extensive state and local regulation and licensing, and gaming authorities have significant control over our operations, which could have an adverse effect on our business.

Our ownership and operation of casino gaming, horse racing facilities, sports betting, VLTs and online offerings are subject to extensive state and local regulation, and regulatory authorities at the state and local levels have broad powers with respect to the licensing of these businesses, and may revoke, suspend, condition, fail to renew or limit our gaming or other licenses, impose substantial fines and take other actions, each of which poses a significant risk  to  our  business,  results  of  operations  and  financial  condition.  We  currently  hold  all  state  and  local  licenses  and  related  approvals  necessary  to conduct our present operations, but must periodically apply to renew many of these licenses and registrations and have the suitability of certain of our directors, officers and employees renewed. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such renewals or that we will be able to obtain future approvals that would allow us to expand our gaming operations. Any failure to maintain or renew existing licenses, registrations, permits or approvals would have a material adverse effect on us. As we expand our gaming operations in our existing jurisdictions or to new areas, we may have to meet additional suitability requirements and obtain additional licenses, registrations, permits and approvals from gaming authorities in these jurisdictions. The approval process can be time-consuming and costly and we cannot be sure that we will be successful. In addition, the loss of a license in one jurisdiction could trigger the loss of a license or affect our eligibility for a license in another jurisdiction. Furthermore, if additional gaming laws or regulations are adopted in jurisdictions where we operate, these regulations could impose additional restrictions or costs that could have a significant adverse effect on us.

Gaming authorities in the US generally can require that any beneficial owner of our securities file an application for a finding of suitability. If a gaming authority requires a record or beneficial owner of our securities to file a suitability application, the owner must generally apply for a finding of suitability within 30 days or at an earlier time prescribed by the gaming authority. The gaming authority has the power to investigate such an owner's suitability and the owner must pay all costs of the investigation. If the owner is found unsuitable, then the owner may be required by law to dispose of our securities.

Our officers, directors and key employees are also subject to a variety of regulatory requirements and various licensing and related approval procedures in  the  various  jurisdictions  in  which  we  manage  gaming facilities.  If  any  applicable  gaming  authority  were  to  find  any  of  our  officers,  directors  or  key employees unsuitable for licensing or unsuitable to continue having a relationship with us, we would have to sever all relationships with that person. Furthermore, the applicable gaming authority may require us to terminate the employment of any person who refuses to file appropriate applications. Either result could adversely affect our gaming operations.

Applicable  gaming  laws  and  regulations  may  restrict  our  ability  to  issue  certain  securities,  incur  debt  and  undertake  other  financing  activities.  Such transactions would generally require notice and/or approval of applicable gaming authorities, and our financing counterparties, including lenders, might be subject to various licensing and related approval procedures in the various jurisdictions in which we manage gaming facilities. Applicable gaming laws further  limit  our  ability  to  engage  in  certain  competitive  activities  and  impose  requirements  relating  to  the  composition  of  our  Board  and  senior management personnel. If state regulatory authorities were to find any person unsuitable with regard to his, her or its relationship to us or any of our subsidiaries, we would be required to sever our relationship with that person, which could materially adversely affect our business.

## We  are  subject  to  numerous  federal,  state  and  local  laws  that  may  expose  us  to  liabilities  or  have  a  significant  adverse  impact  on  our operations. Changes to any such laws could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition.

Our business is subject to a variety of federal, state and local laws, rules, regulations and ordinances. These laws and regulations include, but are not limited  to,  restrictions  and  conditions  concerning  alcoholic  beverages,  environmental matters, employees, currency transactions, taxation, zoning and building codes and marketing and advertising. Such laws and regulations could change or could be interpreted differently in the future, or new laws and regulations could be enacted. Material changes to any of the laws, rules, regulations or ordinances to which we are subject, new laws or regulations or material differences in interpretations by courts or governmental authorities could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Many of our employees, especially those that interact with our customers, receive a base salary or wage that is established by applicable state and federal laws that establish a minimum hourly wage that is, in turn, supplemented through tips and gratuities from customers. From time to time, state and federal lawmakers have increased the minimum wage. It is difficult to predict when such increases may take place. Any such change to the minimum wage could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

The sale  of  alcoholic  beverages  is  a  highly  regulated  and  taxed  business.  Federal,  state  and  local  laws  and  regulations  govern  the  production  and distribution of alcoholic beverages, including permitting, licensing, trade practices, labeling, advertising, marketing, distributor relationships and related matters. Federal, state and local governmental entities also levy various taxes, license fees and other similar charges and may require bonds to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Failure to comply with applicable federal, state or local laws and regulations could result in higher taxes, penalties,  fees  and  suspension  or  revocation  of  permits,  licenses  or  approvals  and  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our  business,  financial condition and results of operations. From time to time, local and state lawmakers, as well as special interest groups, have proposed legislation that would increase the federal and/or state excise tax on alcoholic beverages or certain types of alcoholic beverages. If federal or state excise taxes are increased, we may have to raise prices to maintain our current profit margins. Higher taxes may reduce overall demand for alcoholic beverages, thus negatively impacting  sales  of  our  alcoholic  beverages  at  our  properties.  Further  federal  or  state  regulation  may  be  forthcoming  that  could  further  restrict  the distribution and sale of alcohol products. Any material increases in taxes or fees or the adoption of additional taxes, fees or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Legislation in various forms to ban or substantially curtail indoor tobacco smoking in public places has been enacted or introduced in many states and local jurisdictions, including some of the jurisdictions in which we operate. We believe the smoking restrictions can significantly impact business volumes. If additional smoking restrictions are enacted within jurisdictions where we operate or seek to do business, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.

In addition, each restaurant we operate must obtain a food service license from local authorities. Failure to comply with such regulations could cause our licenses to be revoked or our related restaurant business or businesses to be forced to cease operations. Moreover, state liquor laws may prevent the expansion of restaurant operations into certain markets.

We handle significant amounts of cash in our operations and are subject to various reporting and anti-money laundering laws and regulations. Recently, US governmental authorities have evidenced an increased focus on compliance with anti-money laundering laws and regulations in the gaming industry. Any violation of anti-money laundering laws or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Internal control policies and procedures and employee training and compliance programs that we have implemented to deter prohibited practices may not be effective in prohibiting  our  employees,  contractors  or agents from violating or circumventing our policies and the law. If we or our employees or agents fail to comply with applicable laws or our policies governing  our  operations,  we  may  face  investigations,  prosecutions  and  other  legal  proceedings  and  actions  which  could  result  in  civil  penalties, administrative remedies and criminal sanctions. Any such government investigations, prosecutions or other legal proceedings or actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## Failure to comply with the terms of the Regulatory Agreement could result in a breach and could harm our business.

We are currently a party to the Regulatory Agreement with Rhode Island regulatory agencies. The Regulatory Agreement imposes certain affirmative and negative covenants on us. For more detail on the Regulatory Agreement see the section entitled 'Government Gaming Regulation' in 'Item I. Business.' A failure  to  comply  with  the  provisions  in  the  Regulatory  Agreement  could  subject  us  to  injunctive  or  monetary  relief,  payments  to  the  Rhode  Island regulatory agencies and ultimately the revocation or suspension of our licenses to operate in Rhode Island. Any such remedy could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Among other things, the Regulatory Agreement prohibits us and our subsidiaries from owning, operating, managing or providing gaming specific goods and services to any gaming facilities in Rhode Island (other than Bally's Twin River and Bally's Tiverton), Massachusetts, Connecticut or New Hampshire, which may adversely affect our growth and market opportunity in those states.

## We are subject to extensive environmental regulation, which creates uncertainty regarding future environmental expenditures and liabilities.

We are subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations that govern activities that may have adverse environmental effects, such  as  discharges  to  air  and  water,  as  well  as  the  management  and  disposal  of  solid,  animal  and  hazardous  wastes  and  exposure  to  hazardous materials. These laws and regulations, which are complex and subject to change, include US Environmental Protection Agency regulations. In addition, our  horse  racing  facility  in  Colorado  is  subject  to  state  laws  and  regulations  that  address  the  impacts  of  manure  and  wastewater  generated  by concentrated animal feeding operations ('CAFO') on water quality, including, but not limited to, storm water discharges. CAFO regulations include permit requirements  and  water  quality  discharge  standards.  Enforcement  of  CAFO  regulations  has  been  receiving  increased  governmental  attention. Compliance with these and other environmental laws can, in some circumstances, require significant capital expenditures. For example, we may incur future costs under existing and new laws and regulations pertaining to storm water and wastewater management at our racetracks. Moreover, violations can result in significant penalties and, in some instances, interruption or cessation of operations.

We are also subject to laws and regulations that create liability and cleanup responsibility for releases of regulated materials into the environment. Certain of these laws and regulations impose strict, and under certain circumstances joint and several, liability on a current or previous owner or operator of property for the costs of remediating regulated materials on or emanating from our property. The costs of investigation, remediation or removal of those substances may be substantial. The presence of, or failure to remediate properly, such materials may adversely affect the ability to sell or rent such property or to borrow funds using such property as collateral. Additionally, as an owner or manager of real property, we could be subject to claims by third parties  based on damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination at or emanating from third-party sites. These laws typically impose clean-up responsibility and liability without regard to whether the owner or manager knew of or caused the presence of the contaminants and the liability under  those  laws  has  been  interpreted  to  be  joint  and  several  unless  the  harm  is  divisible  and  there  is  a  reasonable  basis  for  allocation  of  the responsibility. In addition, environmental requirements address the impacts of development on wetlands.

The possibility exists that contamination, as yet unknown, may exist on our properties. There can be no assurance that we will not incur expenditures for environmental investigations or remediation in the future.

## We  are  or  may  become  involved  in  legal  proceedings  that,  if  adversely  adjudicated  or  settled,  could  impact  our  business  and  financial condition.

From time to time, we are named in lawsuits or other legal proceedings relating to our businesses. In particular, the nature of our business subjects us to the risk of lawsuits filed by customers, past and present employees, shareholders, competitors, business partners and others in the ordinary course of business. As with all legal proceedings, no assurances can be given as to the outcome of these matters. Moreover, legal proceedings can be expensive and time consuming, and we may not be successful in defending or prosecuting these lawsuits, which could result in settlements or damages that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## We or certain third parties that we rely on may fail to establish and maintain effective and compliant anti-money laundering, counter terrorism financing, safer gambling, fraud detection, risk management and other regulatory policies, procedures and controls.

Online gambling operators licensed in the UK and other jurisdictions are obliged to establish and maintain compliant anti-money laundering ('AML '), antiterrorism, safer gambling, fraud detection, risk management and other regulatory policies, procedures and controls to mitigate and effectively manage these risks. In the event that they fail to do so, they may be subject to enforcement action by gambling regulators or other governmental agencies or private  action  by  affected  third  parties.  In  the  event  of  a  breach,  a  range  of  sanctions  may  be  imposed,  including  financial  penalties  or  regulatory settlements, public warnings, the imposition of special operating conditions and the suspension or revocation of gambling licenses.

In recent years the British gambling regulator, the Great Britain Gambling Commission (the 'GBGC'), has repeatedly stated that the UK's online gambling industry needed to take greater steps to implement effective AML and safer gambling policies and procedures. By way of example, in January 2018, the GBGC sent a letter to operators in the UK's online casino sector indicating that the GBGC had identified significant concerns about the effectiveness of the online casino sector's management and mitigation of AML and safer gambling risks. The GBGC indicated that it had already started investigations into 17  remote  operators  and  was  considering  whether  to  undertake  a  license  review  of  five  operators  with  a  view  to  exercising  the  GBGC's  regulatory powers. The GBGC re-emphasized its focus in this compliance area and the risk of license revocations in its enforcement report for 2018 and 2019. The GBGC has imposed financial penalties or regulatory settlements in lieu of a penalty on a number of different operators for failing to apply effective AML and/or safer gambling policies and procedures, including Gamesys, our wholly owned subsidiary.

In addition, there is a risk that increased safer gambling and AML regulatory measures in the UK will prove to be challenging for us. For example, our highest value customers may be unwilling to provide the additional detail required by us in the UK to ascertain their sources of wealth, the affordability of their  leisure  spending  with  us  or  their  risk  of  gambling  related  harm  or  vulnerability,  and  to  continue  to  verify  such  information.  The  GBGC  is  also consulting  on  tougher  rules  for  online  gambling  operators  for  identifying  and  tackling  gambling  harm,  including  customer  affordability,  for  all  UK customers. The GBGC may impose requirements for a gambling business to act on information they have about a customer's vulnerability and to assess whether a customer's gambling is affordable at thresholds which will be set by the GBGC. The imposition of such requirements will significantly impact our business as we may be unable to establish the affordability of customers on the basis of available evidence and/or because customers are unwilling to provide the information requested.

The  failure  by  any  third-party  providers  or  any  relevant  entity  within  the  Company  to  establish  and  maintain  effective  and  compliant  AML,  counter terrorism,  anti-bribery,  fraud  detection,  regulatory  compliance  and  risk  management  processes  may  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our  business, financial condition and results of operations.

## The regulatory framework which governs our business, and its interpretation, may be subject to change which we may fail to anticipate and/or respond to.

We hold licenses issued by the GBGC. The holders of such licenses are bound to meet stringent compliance requirements relating to matters such as anti-money laundering, safer gambling, data protection, advertising and consumer rights issues. Compliance with such requirements is incorporated into the relevant licenses as a licensing condition (or similar) with a corresponding requirement for us to comply with such onerous requirements.

In carrying out its functions, the GBGC is under a statutory duty to ensure that license holders are operating their businesses in ways that are reasonably consistent with the licensing objectives set out in the Gambling Act 2005 (the primary legislation governing the licensing and regulation of gambling in Great Britain) (the 'Gambling Act'), which are: (1) preventing gambling from being a source of (or associated with) crime or disorder, or being used to support crime; (2) ensuring that gambling is conducted in a fair and open way; and (3) protecting children and other vulnerable people from being harmed or exploited by gambling.

While the objectives of regulation may remain largely stable, the methods that operators are required to employ to meet those objectives is in a state of constant evolution and development. We must respond adequately to the challenges this presents. If we are found to be in breach of our obligation to comply with such licensing requirements, then the GBGC may impose a financial penalty on us or impose other penalties, including removing or imposing conditions on the relevant gambling licenses. Such action could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance.

## New legislation governing the online gaming industry may be introduced in the UK which limits or restricts our operating model in that market.

In December 2020, the UK government commenced a review of the Gambling Act. The stated objective of the UK government is to ensure there is an appropriate balance between consumer freedoms and choice on the one hand and the prevention of harm to vulnerable groups on the other, and to ensure that consumers are suitably protected whenever they gamble. The review of the Gambling Act is extensive in scope. Key areas under review are:

- the effectiveness of the existing online protections in preventing gambling harm and an evidence-based consideration of, for example, imposing greater control on online product design such as stake, speed and prize limits and the introduction of deposit, loss and spend limits;
- the benefits or harms caused by allowing licensed gambling operators to advertise and make promotional offers and the positive or negative impact of gambling sponsorship arrangements across sports, e-sports and other areas;
- the  effectiveness  of  the  regulatory  system  currently  in  place,  including  consideration  of  whether  the  GBGC  has  sufficient  investigative, enforcement and sanctioning powers to both regulate the licensed market and address the unlicensed market;
- the availability and suitability of redress arrangements in place for an individual consumer who considers they may have been treated unfairly by a gambling operator, including consideration of the introduction of other routes for consumer redress, such as a gambling ombudsman; and
- the effectiveness of current measures to prevent illegal underage gambling and consideration of what extra protections may be needed for young adults in the 18-25 age bracket.

The UK government launched a 16-week call for evidence which closed on March 31, 2021. Its findings will be informed by the data from the call for evidence. It is anticipated that the UK government will issue its conclusions and any proposals to amend the Gambling Act in the first half of 2022. As yet, the implications for the industry as a whole and us, in particular, remain the subject of speculation. A variety of stakeholders continue to lobby the UK government and the policies to be pursued by the legislature have yet to be published. There is a risk that the introduction of more stringent, safer gambling and/or AML regulatory measures in the UK market may prove operationally onerous for us. Moreover, the potential for the introduction of stake, speed and prize limits and the introduction of deposit, loss and spend limits may operate to impact our financial performance and reduce the long-term growth opportunities for us in the UK market.

Our business is subject to a variety of US and foreign laws, many of which are unsettled and still developing, and which could subject us to claims or otherwise harm our business across jurisdictions. Any change in existing regulations or their interpretation, or the regulatory or prosecutorial climate applicable to our products and services, or changes in tax rules and regulations or interpretation thereof related to our products and services, could adversely impact our ability to operate our business as currently conducted or as we seek to operate in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

We are generally subject to laws and regulations relating to iGaming in the jurisdictions in which we conduct business, as well as the general laws and regulations that apply to all e-commerce businesses, such as those related to privacy and personal information, tax and consumer protection. These laws and regulations vary by jurisdiction, and future legislative and regulatory action, court decisions or other governmental action, which may be affected by, among other things, political pressures, attitudes and climates, as well as personal biases, may have a material impact on our operations and financial results. Some jurisdictions have introduced regulations attempting to restrict or prohibit online gaming, while others have taken the position that online gaming should be licensed and regulated and have adopted or are in the process of considering legislation and regulations to enable that to happen. The regulatory environment in any particular jurisdiction may change in the future and any such change could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

Future legislative and regulatory action, and court decisions or other governmental action, may have a material impact on our operations and financial results. Governmental authorities could view us as having violated local laws, despite our efforts to obtain all applicable licenses or approvals. There is also  risk  that  civil  and  criminal  proceedings,  including  class  actions  brought  by  or  on  behalf  of  prosecutors  or  public  entities  or  incumbent  monopoly providers,  or  private  individuals,  could  be  initiated  against  us,  Internet  service  providers,  credit  card  and  other  payment  processors  in  the  iGaming industry. Such potential proceedings could involve substantial litigation expense, penalties, fines, seizure of assets, injunctions or other restrictions being imposed upon our licensees or other business partners, while diverting the attention of key executives. Such proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as impact our reputation.

There can be no assurance that legally enforceable legislation will not be proposed and passed in jurisdictions relevant or potentially relevant to our business to prohibit, legislate or regulate various aspects of the iGaming (or that existing laws in those jurisdictions will not be interpreted negatively). Compliance with any such legislation may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, either as a result of our determination that a jurisdiction should be blocked or because a local license or approval may be costly for us or our business partners to obtain and/or such licenses or approvals may contain other commercially undesirable conditions.

Our growth prospects depend on the legal status of real-money gaming in various jurisdictions and legalization may not occur in as many jurisdictions as we expect, or may occur at a slower pace than we anticipate. Additionally, even if jurisdictions legalize real money gaming, this may be accompanied by legislative or regulatory restrictions and/or taxes that make it impracticable or less attractive to operate in those jurisdictions, or the process of implementing regulations or securing the necessary licenses to operate in a particular jurisdiction may take longer than we anticipate, which could adversely affect our future results of operations and make it more difficult to meet our expectations for financial performance.

Several jurisdictions have legalized or are currently evaluating the legalization of real money gaming, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and business prospects are significantly dependent upon the status of legalization in these jurisdictions. Our business plan is partially based upon the legalization of real money gaming in additional jurisdictions and the legalization may not occur as anticipated. Additionally, if a large number of additional jurisdictions enact real money gaming legislation and we are unable to obtain, or are otherwise delayed in obtaining, the necessary licenses to operate iGaming websites in jurisdictions where such games are legalized, our future growth in iGaming could be materially impaired.

As we enter new jurisdictions, governments may legalize real money gaming in a manner that is unfavorable to us. As a result, we may encounter legal, regulatory and political challenges that are difficult or impossible to foresee and which could result in an unforeseen adverse impact on planned revenues or costs associated with the new opportunity. Jurisdictions also impose substantial tax rates on iGaming revenue. Tax rates, whether federal- or statebased, that are higher than we expect will make it more costly and less desirable for us to launch in a given jurisdiction, while tax increases in any of our existing jurisdictions may adversely impact profitability.

Therefore, even in cases in which a jurisdiction purports to license and regulate iGaming, the licensing and regulatory regimes can vary considerably in terms of business-friendliness, and at times may be intended to provide incumbent operators with advantages over new licensees. Therefore, some 'liberalized' regulatory regimes are considerably more economically viable than others.

## We derive meaningful revenues from players located in jurisdictions in which we do not hold a license.

In certain jurisdictions, online gambling is either not regulated at all, is subject to very limited regulation or its legality is unclear. These jurisdictions are commonly  referred  to  in  the  gaming  industry  as  'unregulated  jurisdictions.'  Certain  of  our  products  are  made  available  to  players  in  unregulated jurisdictions.  The  relevant  transactions  in  such  unregulated  jurisdictions  and  the  associated  player  relationships  that  underpin  them  are  generally regulated in either Malta or Gibraltar which use 'point of supply' gambling regimes. We and our commercial partners hold point-of-supply licenses in Malta and Gibraltar. Therefore, such transactions are in fact heavily regulated but are not themselves regulated in the jurisdiction within which the player is ultimately located.

Operators  within  the  online  gambling  industry,  including  Bally's,  have  commonly  taken  a  risk-based  approach  when  supplying  their  online  gambling services into jurisdictions in which it is not possible to obtain a gambling license. In these circumstances, online gambling operators may justify their remote supply of gambling services for a number of reasons, including a 'country of origin' basis which asserts that it is lawful to supply online gambling services remotely from a jurisdiction in which a gambling license is held in another jurisdiction, unless there is something within the laws of that second jurisdiction that explicitly outlaws such provision and explicitly applies to such inward supply emanating from outside its borders. An example of this is Japan. Japan has been a focus of our international interactive segment and has yet to introduce its own licensing regime applicable to our business.

There is a risk that such jurisdictions may enact regulations relating to online real money gaming and that we may be required to register our activities or obtain licenses (or obtain further registrations or licenses, as applicable), pay taxes, royalties or fees or that the operation of online gambling businesses in such jurisdictions may be prohibited entirely. The implementation of additional licensing or regulatory requirements, prohibitions or payments in such jurisdictions could have an adverse effect on the viability of our revenue, operations, business or financial performance. Where we or our partners fail to obtain  the  necessary  registrations  or  licenses,  make  the  necessary  payments  or  operate  in  a  jurisdiction  where  online  gambling  is  deemed  to  be  or becomes prohibited, we or our partners may be subject to investigation, penalties or sanctions or forced to discontinue operations entirely in relation to that jurisdiction. Any such actions may also have an adverse impact on the way our regulators regulate us in the jurisdictions in which we hold licenses.

Certain of our technology providers, payment processing partners or other suppliers of content or services (collectively, 'Infrastructure Services') may cease to provide, or limit the availability of, such Infrastructure Services to the extent we derive revenue from, or makes such Infrastructure Services available to customers in, unregulated jurisdictions. There is no assurance that we would be able to identify suitable or economical replacements if such Infrastructure Services become unavailable.

There  is  also  a  risk  that  civil  and  criminal  proceedings,  including  class  actions  brought  by  or  on  behalf  of  prosecutors  or  public  entities,  incumbent monopoly providers or private individuals, could be initiated against us or providers of our Infrastructure Services in unregulated markets. Such potential proceedings could assert that online gambling services have not been lawfully supplied into the domestic market and could involve substantial litigation expense, penalties, fines, seizure of assets, injunctions or other restrictions being imposed on us or our business partners and may divert the attention of our key executives. If we become subject to any such investigations, proceedings and/or penalties in one jurisdiction, this may lead to investigations, proceedings and/or penalties arising in other jurisdictions in which we operate and/or hold a license. Such investigations, proceedings and/or penalties could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as our reputation. We derive meaningful revenues from players located in jurisdictions in which we do not hold a license.

## We are exposed to exchange rate risks.

Foreign exchange risk arises when individual group entities enter into transactions denominated in a currency other than their functional currency. Our policy  is,  where  possible,  to  allow  our  entities  to  settle  liabilities  denominated  in  their  functional  currency  with  the  cash  generated  from  their  own operations  in  that  currency.  Where  our  entities  have  liabilities  denominated  in  a  currency  other  than  their  functional  currency  (and  have  insufficient reserves of that currency to settle them), cash already denominated in that currency will, where possible, be transferred from elsewhere within Bally's. Apart from these particular cash flows, we aim to fund expenses and investments in the respective currency and to manage foreign exchange risk at a local level by matching the currency in which revenue is generated and expenses are incurred, as well as by matching the currency of our debt structure with the currency that cash is generated in. However, no assurance can be given that these policies will deliver all, or substantially all, of the expected benefits.

A vast majority of the revenues currently generated by Gamesys, our wholly owned subsidiary, are from the UK market and are conducted in British Pound Sterling ('GBP') and are therefore susceptible to any movements in exchange rates between GBP and US Dollars ('USD'). Any exchange rate risk may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## Our substantial activities in foreign jurisdictions may be affected by factors outside of our control.

A significant portion of our operations are conducted in non-US jurisdictions. As such, our operations may be adversely affected by changes in foreign government  policies  and  legislation  (including  gambling  legislation)  or  social  instability  and  other  factors  that  are  not  within  our  control,  including renegotiation or nullification of existing contracts or licenses, changes in gambling policies, regulatory requirements or the personnel administering them, currency fluctuations and devaluations, exchange controls, economic sanctions, tax increases, retroactive tax claims, changes in taxation policies, risk of terrorist activities, revolution, border disputes, implementation of tariffs and other trade barriers and protectionist practices, volatility of financial markets and  fluctuations  in  foreign  exchange  rates,  difficulties  in  the  protection  of  intellectual  property,  labor  disputes  and  other  risks  arising  out  of  foreign governmental sovereignty over the areas in which operations are conducted. Our operations may also be adversely affected by laws and policies of such foreign jurisdictions affecting foreign trade, taxation and investment. Accordingly, our activities in foreign jurisdictions could be substantially affected by factors beyond our control, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

In the event of a dispute arising in connection with operations in a foreign jurisdiction where we conduct business, we may be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of foreign courts or may not be successful in subjecting foreign persons to the jurisdictions of the courts of the UK or enforcing UK judgments in such other jurisdictions. We may also be hindered or prevented from enforcing their rights with respect to a governmental instrumentality because of the doctrine of sovereign immunity.

We may also enter into agreements and conduct activities outside of the jurisdictions in which we currently carry on business, which expansion may present challenges and risks as a result of the factors described above that we have not faced in the past, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## The  UK's  withdrawal  from  the  European  Union  (the  'EU')  and  the  wider  political  climate  may  have  a  negative  effect  on  global  economic conditions, financial markets and our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We are a multinational group with worldwide operations, including material revenues derived from the UK. The UK formally left the EU on January 31, 2020  ('Brexit')  which  has  resulted,  and  the  medium-  and  long-term  consequences  of  Brexit  may  result,  in  significant  economic,  political  and  social instability, not only in the UK and Europe, but across the globe generally. In particular, this has led to volatility in the value of GBP , which may affect our profitability. These developments and the prevailing uncertainty relating to these developments have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions, and economic conditions in the UK in particular, and the stability of global financial markets, and could significantly reduce  global  market  liquidity  and  restrict  the  ability  of  key  market  participants  to  operate  in  certain  financial  markets.  Asset  valuations,  currency exchange rates and credit ratings may be especially subject to increased market volatility.

Despite a new free trade agreement between the UK and the EU, lack of clarity about future UK laws and regulations as the UK determines which EU laws to replace or maintain, including financial laws and regulations, tax and free trade agreements, intellectual property rights, supply chain logistics, environmental,  health  and  safety  laws  and  regulations,  immigration  laws  and  employment  laws,  could  decrease  foreign  direct  investment  in  the  UK, increase costs, depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital and impact revenues. In particular, Brexit may lead to material changes to the regulatory regimes that would be applicable to our operations in the UK in the future. This could increase our compliance and operating costs and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Further economic, political and social instability may also result from the Scottish public voting for Scotland to leave the UK in any future referendum. Scotland's  First  Minister  has  tabled  draft  legislation  to  set  the  rules  for  a  second  independence  referendum  (though  any  such  referendum  would  be subject to UK government approval). The implications of any vote in favor of independence are uncertain, but could still be wide-ranging (for instance, in affecting the value of GBP, global markets and the ongoing relationship between Scotland and the rest of the UK and, potentially, the introduction of a discrete gambling regulatory regime in Scotland). Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## Our activities are affected by the General Data Protection Regulation ('GDPR').

We are required to comply with the GDPR to the extent that we either: (1) have customers located in the UK and the EU or (2) conduct the processing of personal data in the EU. The impact of the GDPR is of particular relevance to our marketing activities and information technology security systems and procedures. The GDPR and associated e-privacy laws impose constraints on the ability of a data controller to profile and market to customers. Data subjects have the right to object to a controller processing their data in certain circumstances, including the right to object to their data being processed for the purposes of direct marketing. Controllers of personal data are required to maintain written records as to how they comply with the GDPR and provide  more  detailed  information  to  data  subjects  in  relation  to  how  their  data  is  being  processed.  In  addition,  updated  e-privacy  laws  are  under consideration in the EU to update the legislative rules applicable to digital and online data processing and to align e-privacy laws to the GDPR.

The GDPR also increased the level of fines which may be imposed for a breach of data protection laws, with the maximum fine (in the most serious cases  of  a  breach  of  the  GDPR)  being  the  higher  of  €20  million  (£17.5  million  for  the  UK)  or  four  percent  of  annual  worldwide  turnover.  In  certain instances, we could be held jointly responsible for breaches committed by the third-party service providers which we use or by other third parties with whom we share personal data.

Many of the obligations imposed on controllers by the GDPR are expressed as high-level principles, such as the obligation to act fairly with respect to the processing of personal data. The manner in which the data regulators and courts will interpret and apply the GDPR is and will continue to evolve over time. These procedures and policies may adversely affect our business by constraining our data processing activities or by increasing our operational and compliance  costs.  Additional  updates  to  these  policies  and  procedures  and  associated  operational  changes  may  be  required  and  costs  incurred  to comply with updates to e-privacy laws.

If our or any third-party service providers' data processing activities breach the GDPR (or associated e-privacy laws), then we could, whether as a result of  a  failure  to  implement  adequate  policies  and  procedures  or  otherwise,  face  significant  fines  and/or  the  revocation  of  existing  licenses  and/  or  the refusal of new applications for licenses, as well as claims by customers and reputational damage. The resultant losses suffered could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. There can be no assurances that we would be able to recoup such losses, whether in whole or in part, from our third-party service providers or insurers.

## Business Operational Risks

## We  have  expanded  our  business  model,  which  makes  it  difficult  for  us  to  forecast  our  financial  results,  creates  uncertainty  as  to  how investors will evaluate our prospects, and increases the risk that we will not be successful .

We have expanded our product offering to include sportsbook and iGaming product offerings. In November 2020, we announced a long-term strategic partnership with Sinclair that combines our sports betting technology with their local broadcast television stations and regional sports networks. During 2021, our acquisitions included Bet.Works Corp, MKF, SportCaller, AVP, Telescope and Gamesys. These acquisitions represent an expanded business model and new offerings. Accordingly, it will be difficult for us to forecast our future financial results, and it will be uncertain how our expanded business model will affect investors' perceptions and expectations, which can be idiosyncratic and vary widely, with respect to our prospects. It may be difficult for investors to evaluate our business due to the lack of similarly situated competitors. Furthermore, our expanded business model may not be successful. Consequently, you should not rely upon our past quarterly financial results as indicators of our future financial performance, and our financial results and stock price may be negatively affected.

## We will be reliant on effective payment processing services from a limited number of providers in each of the markets in which we operate.

The provision of convenient, trusted, fast and effective payment processing services to our customers and potential customers is critical to our business. If there is any deterioration in the quality of the payment processing services provided to these customers or any interruption to those services (including with respect to system intrusions, unauthorized access or manipulation), or if such services are only available at an increased cost to us or our customers or are terminated and no timely and comparable replacement services are found, our customers and potential customers may be deterred from using our products. In addition, our inability to secure payment processing services in markets into which we intend to expand may seriously impair our growth opportunities and strategies. Any of these occurrences may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Furthermore, a limited number of banks and credit card companies process online gambling related payments as a matter of internal policy and any capacity to accept such payments may be limited by the regulatory regime of a given jurisdiction. The introduction of legislation or regulations restricting financial transactions with online gambling operators, other prohibitions or restrictions on the use of credit cards and other banking instruments for online gambling transactions may restrict our ability to accept payments from our customers. These restrictions may be imposed as a result of concerns related to  fraud,  payment  processing,  AML  or  other  issues  related  to  the  provision  of  online  gambling  services.  A  number  of  issuing  banks  or  credit  card companies may from time to time reject payments to us that are attempted to be made by our customers. Should such restrictions and rejections become more prevalent, or any other restriction on payment processing be introduced, gambling activity by our customers could be adversely affected, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

In addition, we are subject to the risk of credit card chargebacks, which may also result in possible penalties. A chargeback is a credit card originated deposit  transaction  to  a  player  account  with  an  operator  that  is  later  reversed  or  repudiated.  The  risk  of  such  chargeback  transactions  is  greater  in respect of certain markets and certain payment methods. We recognize revenue upon the first loss of the player on amounts tendered, and any credit card chargebacks are then deducted from their revenues. Even though security measures are in place, high rates of credit card chargebacks could result in  credit  card  associations  levying  additional  costs  and  fines  or  withdrawing  their  service  and  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our  business, financial condition and results of operations.

## Our VLTs and table games hold percentages may fluctuate.

The gaming industry is characterized by an element of chance and our casino guests' winnings depend on a variety of factors, some of which are beyond our control. In addition to the element of chance, hold percentages (the ratio of net win to total amount wagered) are affected by other factors, including players' skill and experience, the mix of games played, the financial resources of players, the volume of bets placed and the amount of time played. The variability of our hold percentages has the potential to adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## Our profitability will be dependent, in part, on return to players.

The revenue from certain of our gaming products depends on the outcome of random number generators built into the gaming software running the games made available to customers. Return to player is measured by dividing the amount of real money won by players on a particular game by the total real money wagers over a particular period on that game. An increasing return to player may negatively affect revenue as it represents a larger amount of money being won by players. Return to player is driven by the overall random number generator outcome, the mechanics of different games and jackpot winnings. Each game utilizes a random number generating engine; however, generally the return to player fluctuates in the short-term based on large wins or jackpots or a large share of wagers made for higher-payout games. To the extent we are unable to set, or fail to obtain, a favorable return to player in our (or a third-party supplier's) gambling software which maximizes revenue, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## The success, including win or hold rates, of existing or future sports betting and iGaming products depends on a variety of factors and is not completely controlled by us.

The sports betting and iGaming industries are characterized by an element of chance. Accordingly, we employ theoretical win rates to estimate what a certain type of sports bet or iGame, on average, will win or lose in the long run. Net win is impacted by variations in the hold percentages, or actual outcomes,  on  our  iGames  and  sports  betting  we  offer  to  our  users. We  use  the  hold  percentages  as  an  indicator  of  an  iGame's  or  sports  bet's performance against its expected outcome. Although each iGame or sports bet generally performs within a defined statistical range of outcomes, actual outcomes may vary for any given period. In addition to the element of chance, win rates (hold percentages) may also (depending on the game involved) be affected by the spread of limits and factors that are beyond our control, such as a user's skill, experience and behavior, the mix of games played, the financial resources of users, the volume of bets placed and the amount of time spent gambling. As a result of the variability in these factors, the actual win rates on our online iGames and sports bets may differ from the theoretical win rates we have estimated and could result in the winnings of our iGame's or sports bet's users exceeding those anticipated. The variability of win rates (hold rates) also have the potential to negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Our  success  also  depends  in  part  on  our  ability  to  anticipate  and  satisfy  user  preferences  in  a  timely  manner. As  we  will  operate  in  a  dynamic environment characterized by rapidly changing industry and legal standards, our products will be subject to changing consumer preferences that cannot be  predicted  with  certainty. We  will  need  to  continually  introduce  new  offerings  and  identify  future  product  offerings  that  complement  our  existing platforms, respond to our users' needs and improve and enhance our existing platforms to maintain or increase our user engagement and growth of our business. We may not be able to compete effectively unless our product selection keeps up with trends in the digital sports entertainment and gaming industries in which we compete, or trends in new gaming products.

## We extend credit to a portion of our customers, and we may not be able to collect gaming receivables from our credit customers.

We conduct our gaming activities on a credit and cash basis at many of our properties. Any such credit we extend is unsecured. Table game players typically are extended more credit than slot players, and high-stakes players typically are extended more credit than customers who tend to wager lower amounts. High-end gaming is more volatile than other forms of gaming, and variances in win-loss results attributable to high-end gaming may have a significant positive or negative impact on cash flow and earnings in a particular period. We extend credit to those customers whose level of play and financial resources warrant, in the opinion of management, an extension of credit. These large receivables could have a significant impact on our results of  operations  if  deemed  uncollectible.  Gaming  debts  evidenced  by  a  credit  instrument,  including  what  is  commonly  referred  to  as  a  'marker,'  and judgments on gaming debts are enforceable under the current laws of the jurisdictions in which we allow play on a credit basis, and judgments on gaming debts in such jurisdictions are enforceable in all US states under the Full Faith and Credit Clause of the US Constitution; however, other jurisdictions may determine that enforcement of gaming debts is against public policy. Although courts of some foreign nations will enforce gaming debts directly and the assets in the US of foreign debtors may be reached to satisfy a judgment, judgments on gaming debts from US courts are not binding on the courts of many foreign nations.

## Declining popularity of games and changes in device preferences of players could have a negative effect on our business.

Revenue from online games tends to decline over time after reaching a peak of popularity and player usage. The speed of this decline is referred to as the decay rate of a game. As a result of this natural decline in the life cycle of our products, our business depends on our ability and the ability of our thirdparty  partners  to  consistently  and  timely  launch  new  games  across  multiple  platforms  and  devices  that  achieve  significant  popularity.  Our  ability  to successfully launch, sustain and expand games as applicable, largely will depend on our ability to, amongst other things: (1) anticipate and effectively respond to changing game player interests and preferences; (2) anticipate or respond to changes in the competitive landscape; (3) develop, sustain and expand games that are fun, interesting and compelling to play; (4) minimize launch delays and cost overruns on new games; (5) minimize downtime and other technical difficulties; (6) acquire leading technology and high quality personnel; and (7) comply with constraints on game design and/or functionality imposed by regulators. There is a risk that we may not launch any new games according to schedule, or that those games do not attract and retain a significant number of players, which could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Furthermore, more individuals are using non-PC/laptop devices to access the Internet and versions of our technology developed for these devices may not be widely adopted by users of such devices. The number of people who access the Internet through devices other than personal computers, including mobile telephones, tablets and television set-top devices, has increased over the past several years. If we are unable to attract and retain a substantial number of alternative device users to our gambling services or if we are slow to develop products and technologies that are more compatible with nonPC/laptop communications devices relative to our competitors, we may fail to capture a significant share of an increasingly important portion of the market for online gambling services.

In  addition  to  offering  popular  new  games,  we  must  extend  the  life  of  the  existing  games  which  we  make  available  to  users,  in  particular  the  most successful games. While it is difficult to predict when revenues from any such existing games will begin to decline, for a game to remain popular, we must constantly enhance, expand or upgrade the relevant game with new features that players find attractive. There is a risk that we may not be successful in enhancing, expanding or upgrading our current games or any new games in the future and, in addition, regulators may introduce new rules that limit functionality within existing games. Should we not succeed in sufficiently offsetting the effects of declining popularity in the games we make available, this may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## The casino, hotel and hospitality industry is capital intensive and we may not be able to finance development, expansion and renovation projects, which could put us at a competitive disadvantage.

Our  casino  and  hotel  properties  have  an  ongoing  need  for  renovations  and  other  capital  improvements  to  remain  competitive,  including  room refurbishments,  amenity  upgrades  and  replacement,  from  time  to  time,  of  furniture,  fixtures  and  equipment. We  may  also  need  to  make  capital expenditures to comply with applicable laws and regulations. Construction projects entail significant risks, which can substantially increase costs or delay completion of a project. Such risks include shortages of materials or skilled labor, unforeseen engineering, environmental or geological problems, work stoppages, weather interference and unanticipated cost increases. Most of these factors are beyond our control. In  addition,  difficulties  or  delays  in obtaining any of the requisite licenses, permits or authorizations from regulatory authorities can increase the cost or delay the completion of an expansion or development. Significant  budget  overruns  or  delays  with  respect  to  expansion  and  development  projects  could  adversely  affect  our  business  and results of operations.

Renovations and other capital improvements of casino properties in particular require significant capital expenditures. In addition, any such renovations and capital improvements usually generate little or no cash flow until the projects are completed. We may not be able to fund such projects solely from cash provided from operating activities. Consequently, we may have to rely upon the availability of debt or equity capital to fund renovations and capital improvements, and our ability to carry them out will be limited if we cannot obtain satisfactory debt or equity financing, which will depend on, among other things, market conditions. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain additional equity or debt financing on favorable terms or at all. Our failure to renovate and maintain gaming and entertainment venues from time to time may put us at a competitive disadvantage to gaming and entertainment venues offering more modern and better maintained facilities, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## We may invest in or acquire other businesses, and our business may suffer if we are unable to successfully integrate acquired businesses into our company or otherwise manage the growth associated with multiple acquisitions.

We cannot assure you that our recently completed, pending or any future acquisitions, will enhance our financial performance. Our ability to achieve the expected benefits of any acquisitions will depend on, among other things, our ability to effectively translate our strategies into revenue, our ability to retain and assimilate the acquired businesses' employees, our ability to retain existing customers and suppliers on terms similar to, or better than, those in place with the acquired businesses, our ability to attract new customers, the adequacy of our implementation plans, our ability to maintain our financial and  internal  controls  and  systems  as  we  expand  our  operations,  the  ability  of  our  management  to  oversee  and  operate  effectively  the  combined operations and our ability to achieve desired operating efficiencies and revenue goals. The integration of the businesses that we acquire might also cause us  to  incur  costs  that  are  unforeseen  or  that  exceed  our  estimates,  which  would  lower  our  future  earnings  and  would  prevent  us  from  realizing  the expected benefits of such acquisitions. In some cases, the services provided by the sellers are critical to the ongoing efficient operation of the properties and may involve costly payments from us to the provider of the services. If the provision of these services by the sellers is disrupted or given insufficient attention  by  the  sellers,  our  ability  to  operate  the  properties  may  be  negatively  impacted  until  such  time  as  we  are  able  to  take  full  control  over  the services. Moreover, we must pay the sellers for these services and the costs to us for these services may exceed our estimates and these expenses will negatively  impact  the  results  of  operations  of  these  properties  during  these  transition  periods. Failure  to  achieve  the  anticipated  benefits  of  these acquisitions could result in decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management's time and energy and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results including, ultimately, a reduction in our stock price.

## We face risks associated with growth and acquisitions.

As part of our business strategy, we regularly evaluate opportunities for growth through development of gaming operations in existing or new markets, through acquiring other gaming entertainment facilities or through redeveloping our existing gaming facilities. In the future, we may also pursue expansion opportunities, including joint ventures or partnerships, in jurisdictions where casino gaming is not currently permitted in order to be prepared to develop projects upon approval of casino gaming.

Although we only intend to engage in acquisitions that, if consummated, will be accretive to us and our shareholders, acquisitions require significant management attention and resources to integrate new properties, businesses and operations. Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions will  depend,  in  part,  on  our  ability  to  integrate  the  acquired  businesses  with  our  businesses. The  combination  of  two  independent  companies  is  a complex, costly and time-consuming process. This process may disrupt the business of either or both of the companies and may not result in the full benefits  expected. Potential  difficulties  we  may  encounter  as  part  of  the  integration  process  that  may  negatively  impact  our  earnings  or  otherwise adversely affect our business and financial results include, among other things, the following:

- the inability to successfully incorporate acquired assets in a manner that permits us to achieve the full revenue increases, cost reductions and other benefits anticipated to result from any acquisitions;
- complexities associated with managing the combined business, including difficulty addressing possible differences in cultures and management philosophies and the challenge of integrating complex systems, technology, networks and other assets of each of the companies in a seamless manner that minimizes any adverse impact on customers, suppliers, employees and other constituencies;
- the disruption of, or the loss of momentum in, each of our ongoing businesses;
- inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies; and
- potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen increased expenses associated with acquisitions.

Additionally, even if integration is successful, the overall integration of acquired assets and businesses may result in material unanticipated problems, expenses, liabilities, competitive responses, loss of customer and other business relationships and diversion of management attention. There is also no guarantee  that  the  acquired  assets  or  businesses  will  generate  any  of  the  projected  synergies  and  earnings  growth,  and  the  failure  to  realize  such projected synergies and earnings growth may adversely affect our operating and financial results and derail any growth plans.

There can be no assurance that we will be able to identify, acquire, develop or profitably manage additional companies or operations or successfully integrate such companies or operations into our existing operations without substantial costs, delays or other problems. Additionally,  there  can  be  no assurance that we will receive gaming or other necessary licenses or approvals for new projects that we may pursue or that gaming will be approved in jurisdictions where it is not currently approved.

Ballot measures or other voter-approved initiatives to allow gaming in jurisdictions where gaming, or certain types of gaming (such as slots and sports wagering),  was  not  previously  permitted  could  be  challenged,  and,  if  such  challenges  are  successful,  these  ballot  measures  or  initiatives  could  be invalidated. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that there will not be similar or other challenges to legalized gaming in existing or current markets in which we may operate or have development plans, and successful challenges to legalized gaming could require us to abandon or substantially curtail our operations or development plans in those locations, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

There can be no assurance that we will not face similar challenges and difficulties with respect to new development projects or expansion efforts that we may undertake, which could result in significant sunk costs that we may not be able to fully recoup or that otherwise have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms or at all. To the extent that we seek to acquire other businesses in exchange for our common stock, fluctuations in our stock price could adversely affect our ability to complete acquisitions.

We may not realize the anticipated benefits of existing or pending strategic alliances, joint ventures, acquisitions, divestitures or new business strategies.

We have invested in, formed strategic alliances with and announced proposed joint ventures with other companies, such as the proposed joint venture with IGT in Rhode Island (the 'Joint Venture'), and we may expand those relationships or enter into similar relationships with additional companies which may require various state approvals which may or may not be granted. These initiatives  are  typically  complex  and  we  may  not  be  able  to  complete anticipated alliance or joint venture transactions, the anticipated benefits of these transactions may not be realized or the benefits may be delayed. For example,  we  may  not  successfully  integrate  an  alliance  or  joint  venture  with  our  operations,  including  the  implementation  of  our  controls,  systems, procedures and policies, or unforeseen expenses or liabilities may arise that were not discovered during due diligence prior to an investment or entry into a strategic alliance, or a misalignment of interests may develop between us and the other party. Further, to the extent we share ownership, control or management with another party in a joint venture, our ability to influence the joint venture may be limited, and we may be unable to prevent misconduct or implement our compliance or internal control systems. In addition, implementation of a new business strategy may lead to the disruption of our existing business operations, including distracting management from current operations. Results of operations from new activities may be lower than our existing activities, and, if a strategy is unsuccessful, we may not recoup our investments in that strategy. Failure to successfully and timely realize the anticipated benefits of these transactions or strategies could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.

With respect to the proposed Joint Venture, any material unanticipated issues arising from the integration process could negatively impact our stock price,  future  business  and  financial  results. Moreover,  uncertainty  about  the  effect  of  the  proposed  transaction  on  employees,  customers,  suppliers, distributors and other business partners may have an adverse effect on us and the Joint Venture. These uncertainties may impair our and/or the Joint Venture's ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel to execute the Joint Venture's strategy, and could cause customers, suppliers, distributors and others who deal with us and/or the Joint Venture to seek to change or cancel existing business relationships with us and/or the Joint Venture or fail to renew existing relationships.

The Joint Venture will be subject to the risks associated with the Company's gaming business, approvals by the state of Rhode Island, in addition to the risks associated with IGT's machine gaming business, and the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Joint Venture may be affected by factors that are different from or in addition to those currently affecting the independent business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company's gaming business. Many of these factors are outside of our and the Joint Venture's control and could materially impact the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Joint Venture. Moreover, although we will have certain consent, board representation and other governance rights with respect to the joint venture, the Company will be a minority owner of the Joint Venture. As a result, we will not have control over the Joint Venture, its management or its policies and we may have business interests, strategies and goals that differ in certain respects from those of IGT or the Joint Venture.

## Our growth will depend, in part, on the success of our strategic relationships with third parties. Overreliance on certain third parties or our inability  to  extend  existing  relationships  or  agree  to  new  relationships  may  cause  unanticipated  costs  for  us  and  impact  our  financial performance in the future.

We have entered into strategic partnerships with Sinclair, the National Hockey League and others and may enter into relationships with advertisers, casinos and other third parties in order to attract users to our platform. These relationships along with providers of online services, search engines, social media, directories and other websites and e-commerce businesses direct consumers to our platform. In addition, many of the parties with whom we have advertising arrangements provide advertising services to other companies, including other fantasy sports and gaming platforms with whom we compete. While we believe there are other third parties that could drive users to our platform, adding or transitioning to them may disrupt our business and increase our costs. In the event that any of our existing relationships or our future relationships fails to provide services to us in accordance with the terms of our arrangement, or at all, and we are not able to find suitable alternatives, this could impact our ability to attract consumers cost effectively and harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## Our branded sites are heavily reliant on well-known brands owned by third parties.

We operate certain branded sites, including sites branded as Virgin Games, Double Bubble Bingo and Monopoly Casino. All such branded sites operated by us are reliant on the use of highly trusted and recognizable brands which are owned by third parties (the 'Third Party Brands'). We operate the Third Party Brands pursuant to brand licensing arrangements with the relevant third party brand owner (the 'Brand Owner'). We are contractually required to operate such branded sites in accordance with those brand licensing arrangements, and any material breach of those requirements may expose us to claims for breach of contract and/or may lead to the Brand Owner terminating or failing to renew the brand licensing arrangements. We own the player data in respect of such branded sites, and in the event that the brand licensing arrangements for any of such branded sites were to be terminated early or not renewed, then we would seek to migrate those players to a different gaming site operated by us. However, there is a risk that any replacement branded site offered by us may not successfully retain the custom of those players, and in the event that we lose the right to use any of the Third Party Brands, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.

We are exposed to the risk that the reputation of the Third Party Brands may be adversely affected by the activities of third parties over whom we have no control. For example, we operate the Virgin Games site. The Virgin brand is used by a wide range of businesses. In the event that the reputation of the Virgin brand was to be adversely affected due to the actions of third parties, that may affect our business prospects.

## We conduct our business in an industry that is subject to high taxes and may be subject to higher taxes in the future.

In gaming jurisdictions in which we conduct our business, with the exception of Rhode Island, state and local governments raise considerable revenues from taxes based on casino revenues and operations. In Rhode Island, the state takes all of the gaming win that comes into our Rhode Island operations and then pays us a percentage of the gaming win. We also pay property taxes, occupancy taxes, sales and use taxes, payroll taxes, franchise taxes and income taxes. Our profitability will depend on generating enough revenues to cover variable expenses, such as payroll and marketing, as well as largely fixed expenses, such as property taxes and interest expense. From time to time, state and local governments have increased gaming taxes and such increases could significantly impact the profitability of our gaming operations.

Our operations in other states are generally subject to significant revenue-based taxes and fees in addition to normal federal, state and local income taxes, and such taxes and fees are subject to increase at any time. In addition, from time to time, federal, state and local legislators and officials have proposed changes in tax laws, or in the administration of such laws, affecting the gaming industry. Further, worsening economic conditions could intensify the efforts of applicable state and local governments to raise revenues through increases in gaming taxes and/or property taxes. It  is  not  possible  to determine with certainty the likelihood of changes in tax laws in these jurisdictions or in the administration of such laws. Such changes, if adopted, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The large number of state and local governments with significant current or projected budget deficits makes it more likely that those governments that currently permit gaming will seek to fund such deficits with new or increased gaming taxes and/or property taxes and worsening economic conditions could intensify those efforts. Any material increase, or the adoption of additional taxes or fees, could adversely affect our future financial results.

There can be no assurance that governments in jurisdictions in which we conduct our business, or the federal government, will not enact legislation that increases gaming tax rates. General economic pressures have the potential to reduce revenues of state governments from traditional tax sources, which may cause state legislatures or the federal government to be more inclined to increase gaming tax rates.

## Future changes to US and non-US tax laws could adversely affect our business.

The US Congress, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development and other government agencies in jurisdictions where Bally's and its affiliates do business have had an extended focus on issues related to the taxation of multinational corporations. One example is in the area of 'base erosion and profit shifting,' including situations where payments are made between affiliates from a jurisdiction with high tax rates to a jurisdiction with lower  tax  rates.  As  a  result,  the  tax  laws  in  the  US,  the  UK  and  other  countries  in  which  Bally's  and  its  affiliates  do  business  could  change  on  a prospective or retroactive basis, and any such changes could adversely affect Bally's and its affiliates.

In addition, the US government may enact significant changes to the taxation of business entities including, among others, an increase in the corporate income tax rate, an increase in the tax rate applicable to global intangible low-taxed income, the elimination of certain tax exemptions and the imposition of  minimum taxes or surtaxes on certain types of income. No specific US tax legislation has been proposed at this time and the likelihood of these changes being enacted or implemented is unclear. We are currently unable to predict whether such changes will occur and, if so, the ultimate impact on our business.

## If we fail to detect fraud, theft or cheating, including by our users and employees, our reputation may suffer which could harm our brand and reputation  and  negatively  impact  our  business,  financial  condition  and  results  of  operations  and  can  subject  us  to  investigations  and litigation.

We have in the past incurred, and may in the future incur, losses from various types of financial fraud, including use of stolen or fraudulent credit card data, claims of unauthorized payments by a user and attempted payments by users with insufficient funds. Bad actors use increasingly sophisticated methods to  engage  in  illegal  activities  involving  personal  information,  such  as  unauthorized  use  of  another  person's  identity,  account  information  or payment  information  and  unauthorized  acquisition  or  use  of  credit  or  debit  card  details,  bank  account  information  and  mobile  phone  numbers  and accounts. Under current credit card practices, we may be liable for use of funds on our platform with fraudulent credit card data, even if the associated financial institution approved the credit card transaction.

Acts of fraud may involve various tactics, including collusion. Successful exploitation of our systems could have negative effects on our product offerings, services and user experience and could harm our reputation. Failure to discover such acts or schemes in a timely manner could result in harm to our operations. In addition, negative publicity related to such schemes could have an adverse effect on our reputation, potentially causing a material adverse effect  on  our  business,  financial  condition  and  results  of  operations. In  the  event  of  the  occurrence  of  any  such  issues  with  our  existing  platform  or product offerings,  substantial  engineering  and  marketing  resources  and  management  attention,  may  be  diverted  from  other  projects  to  correct  these issues, which may delay other projects and the achievement of our strategic objectives.

In addition, any misappropriation of, or access to, users' or other proprietary information or other breach of our information security could result in legal claims or legal proceedings, including regulatory investigations and actions, or liability for failure to comply with privacy and information security laws, including  for  failure  to  protect  personal  information  or  for  misusing  personal  information,  which  could  disrupt  our  operations,  force  us  to  modify  our business practices, damage our reputation and expose us to claims from our users, regulators, employees and other persons, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Despite measures we have taken to detect and reduce the occurrence of fraudulent or other malicious activity on our platform, we cannot guarantee that any of our measures will be effective or will scale efficiently with our business. Our failure to adequately detect or prevent fraudulent transactions could harm our reputation or brand, result in litigation or regulatory action and lead to expenses that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We are largely dependent on the skill and experience of management and key personnel.

In addition, our officers, directors and key employees are required to file applications with the gaming authorities in each of the jurisdictions in which we conduct our business and are required to be licensed or found suitable by these gaming authorities. If  the  gaming authorities were to find an officer, director or key employee unsuitable for licensing or unsuitable to continue having a relationship with us, we would have to sever all relationships with that person. Furthermore, the gaming authorities may require us to terminate the employment of any person who refuses to file appropriate applications. Either result could significantly impair our operations. The time and effort needed to successfully complete the application process could impact our ability to attract, hire and retain top talent.

## We are subject to risks associated with labor relations, labor costs and labor disruptions.

We are subject to the costs and risks generally associated with labor disputes and organizing activities related to unionized labor. From time to time, our operations may be disrupted by strikes, public demonstrations or other coordinated actions and publicity. We may incur increased legal costs and indirect labor costs as a result of contractual disputes, negotiations or other labor-related disruptions.

Most of our employees in Rhode Island and New Jersey are represented by a labor union and are subject to collective bargaining agreements with us. As of December 31, 2021, we had 22 collective bargaining agreements covering approximately 2,364 employees. All collective bargaining agreements have either been renegotiated for a three- or five-year term or extended until 2022. There can be no assurance that we will be able to extend or enter into replacement agreements. If we are able to extend or enter into replacement agreements, there can be no assurance as to whether the terms will be on comparable terms to the existing agreements. We may also face organizing activities that could result in additional employees becoming unionized. Furthermore, collective bargaining agreements may limit our ability to reduce the size of our workforce during an economic downturn, which could put us at a competitive disadvantage.

## Our obligation to fund multi-employer defined benefit pension plans to which we are a party may adversely affect us.

We must contribute to a number of multi-employer defined benefit pension plans under the terms of collective-bargaining agreements that cover certain union-represented employees. The risks of participating in these multi-employer plans are different from single-employer plans in the following aspects:

- assets contributed to the multi-employer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers;
- if  a  participating  employer  stops  contributing  to  the  plan,  the  unfunded  obligations  of  the  plan  may  be  borne  by  the  remaining  participating employers; and
- if  we  choose  to  stop  participating  in  some  of  our  multi-employer  plans,  we  may  be  required  to  pay  those  plans  an  amount  based  on  the underfunded status of the plan, referred to as a withdrawal liability.

In addition, the funding obligations for our pension plans will be impacted by the performance of the financial markets, particularly the equity markets and interest rates. Funding obligations are determined by government regulations and are measured each year based on the value of assets and liabilities on a specific date. If the financial markets do not provide the long-term returns that are expected, we could be required to make larger contributions. The equity markets can be very volatile, and in the first quarter of 2022 have displayed meaningful volatility and, therefore, our estimate of future contribution requirements can change dramatically in relatively short periods of time. Similarly,  changes in interest rates and legislation enacted by governmental authorities  can  impact  the  timing  and  amounts  of  contribution  requirements. An adverse change in the funded status of the plans could significantly increase our required contributions in the future and adversely impact our liquidity.

## We may incur impairments to goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets or long-lived assets.

We monitor the recoverability of our long-lived assets, such as buildings, and evaluate their carrying value for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be fully recoverable. We annually review goodwill to determine if impairment has occurred. Additionally, interim reviews are performed whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. If the testing  performed  indicates  that  impairment  has  occurred,  we  are  required  to  record  a  non-cash  impairment  charge  for  the  difference  between  the carrying value and fair value of the long-lived assets or the carrying value and fair value of the reporting unit, in the period the determination is made. The testing  of  long-lived  assets  and  goodwill  for  impairment  requires  us  to  make  estimates  that  are  subject  to  significant  assumptions  about  our  future revenue, profitability, cash flows, fair value of assets and liabilities, weighted average cost of capital, as well as other assumptions. Changes in these estimates, or changes in actual performance compared with these estimates, may affect the fair value of long-lived assets or reporting unit, which may result in an impairment charge.

We cannot accurately predict the amount or timing of any impairment of assets. Should the value of long-lived assets or goodwill become impaired, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.

## Our operations have historically been subject to seasonal variations and quarterly fluctuations in operating results, and we can expect to experience such variations and fluctuations in the future.

Casino,  hotel  and  racing  operations  in  our  markets  are  subject  to  seasonal  variation.  Seasonal  weather  conditions  can  frequently  adversely  affect transportation routes to each of our properties and may cause snowfall, flooding and other effects that result in the closure of our properties. In addition, our  sports  betting  business  may  experience  seasonality  based  on  the  relative  popularity  of  certain  sports  at  different  parts  of  the  year.  As  a  result, unfavorable seasonal conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## Our business is particularly sensitive to energy prices and a rise in energy prices could harm our operating results.

We are a large consumer of electricity and other energy and, therefore, higher energy prices may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Accordingly, increases in energy costs may have a negative impact on our operating results. Additionally, higher electricity and gasoline prices that affect our  customers  may  result  in  reduced  visitation  to  our  properties  and  a  reduction  in  our  revenues.  We  may  be  indirectly  impacted  by  regulatory requirements aimed at reducing the impacts of climate change directed at up-stream utility providers, as we could experience potentially higher utility, fuel and transportation costs.

## Our insurance and self-insurance programs may not be adequate to cover future claims.

Although we maintain insurance that we believe is customary and appropriate for our business, we cannot assure you that insurance will be available or adequate to cover all losses and damage to which our business or our assets might be subjected. We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance to provide for potential liabilities, including employee healthcare benefits, up to certain stop-loss amounts which limit our exposure above the amounts we have self-insured. We estimate the liabilities and required reserves associated with the risks we retain. Any such estimates and actuarial projection of losses is subject to a considerable degree of variability. A considerable increase in claims as a result of a pandemic, including as a result of the COVID19 pandemic, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. If actual losses incurred are greater than those  anticipated,  our  reserves  may  be  insufficient  and  additional  costs  could  be  recorded  in  our  consolidated  financial  statements. If  we  suffer  a substantial  loss  that  exceeds  our  self-insurance  reserves,  and  any  excess  insurance  coverage,  the  loss  and  attendant  expenses  could  harm  our business, financial condition or results of operations. The lack of adequate insurance for certain types or levels of risk could expose us to significant losses in the event that a catastrophe occurred for which we are uninsured or underinsured. Any losses we incur that are not adequately covered by insurance may decrease our future operating income, require us to find replacements or repairs for destroyed property and reduce the funds available for payments of our obligations. We renew our insurance policies on an annual basis. The cost of coverage may become so high that we may need to further reduce our policy limits, further increase our deductibles or agree to certain exclusions from our coverage.

## Our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected by the occurrence of natural disasters, such as hurricanes, or other catastrophic events, including war and terrorism.

Natural  disasters,  such  as  major  hurricanes,  typhoons,  floods,  fires  and  earthquakes,  could  adversely  affect  our  business  and  operating  results. Hurricanes are common in the areas in which our Mississippi properties are located, and the severity of such natural disasters is unpredictable.

Catastrophic events, such as terrorist attacks in the US and elsewhere, have had a negative effect on travel and leisure expenditures, including lodging, gaming (in some jurisdictions) and tourism. We cannot accurately predict the extent to which such events may affect us, directly or indirectly, in the future. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain or choose to purchase any insurance coverage with respect to occurrences of terrorist acts and any losses that could result from these acts. If there is a prolonged disruption at our facilities due to natural disasters, terrorist attacks or other catastrophic events, our results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected.

We may be unable to  obtain  business  interruption  coverage  for  casualties  resulting  from  severe  weather  such  as  hurricanes,  and  there  can  be  no assurance that we will be able to obtain casualty insurance coverage at affordable rates, if at all, for casualties resulting from severe weather.

## Cybersecurity and Technology Risks

## We  rely  on  information  technology  and  other  systems  and  platforms,  and  any  failures,  errors,  defects  or  disruptions  in  our  systems  or platforms  could  diminish  our  brand  and  reputation,  subject  us  to  liability,  disrupt  our  business,  affect  our  ability  to  scale  our  technical infrastructure and adversely affect our operating results and growth prospects.

We, or one of our state regulatory bodies, engage a number of third parties to provide gaming operating systems for the facilities we own. As a result, we rely on such third parties to provide uninterrupted services in order to run our business efficiently and effectively. In the event one of these third parties experiences a disruption in its ability to provide such services (whether due to technological or financial difficulties or power problems), this may result in a material  disruption  to  the  wagering  activity  at  the  casinos  which  we  own  and  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our  business,  operating  results  and financial condition.

If  our  user  base  and  engagement continue to grow, and the amount and types of offerings continue to grow and evolve, we will need an increasing amount  of  technical  infrastructure,  including  network  capacity  and  computing  power,  to  continue  to  satisfy  our  users'  needs. Such  infrastructure expansion may be complex, and unanticipated delays in completing these projects or availability of components may lead to increased project costs, operational inefficiencies or interruptions in the delivery or degradation of the quality of our offerings. In  addition,  there  may  be  issues  related  to  this infrastructure that are not identified during the testing phases of design and implementation, which may only become evident after we have started to fully use the underlying equipment or software, that could further degrade the user experience or increase our costs. As such, we could fail to continue to effectively scale and grow our technical infrastructure to accommodate increased demands. In addition, our business may be subject to interruptions, delays  or  failures  resulting  from  adverse  weather  conditions,  other  natural  disasters,  power  loss,  terrorism,  cyber-attacks,  public  health  emergencies (such as the coronavirus) or other catastrophic events. Any unscheduled interruption in our technology services is likely to result in an immediate, and possibly substantial, loss of revenues due to a shutdown of our gaming operations, cloud computing and lottery systems.

We believe that if our users have a negative experience with our offerings, or if our brand or reputation is negatively affected, users may be less inclined to continue or resume utilizing our products or recommend our platform to other potential users. As such, a failure or significant interruption in our service would harm our reputation, business and operating results.

## We are reliant on the reliability  and  viability  of  Internet  infrastructure,  which  is  out  of  our  control,  and  the  proper  functioning  of  our  own network systems.

The growth of Internet usage has caused interruptions and delays in processing and transmitting data over the Internet. There can be no assurance that Internet  infrastructure  or  our  own  network  systems  will  continue  to  be  able  to  support  the  demands  placed  on  them  by  the  continued  growth  of  the Internet, the overall online gambling industry or that of our customers. The Internet's viability could be affected by delays in the development or adoption of new standards and protocols to handle increased levels of Internet activity or by increased government regulation. The introduction of legislation or regulations requiring Internet service providers in any jurisdiction to block access to our websites and products may restrict the ability of our customers to access products and services offered by us. Such restrictions, should they be imposed, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

If critical issues concerning the commercial use of the Internet are not favorably resolved (including security, reliability, cost, ease of use, accessibility and quality  of  service),  if  the  necessary  infrastructure  is  not  sufficient  or  if  other  technologies  and  technological  devices  eclipse  the  Internet  as  a  viable channel, this may negatively affect Internet usage, and our business, financial condition and results of operations will be materially adversely affected. Additionally, the increasing presence of viruses and cyber-attacks may affect the viability and infrastructure of the Internet and/or the proper functioning of our network systems and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## Our  business  may  be  harmed  from  cybersecurity  incidents  and  we  may  be  subject  to  legal  claims  if  there  is  loss,  disclosure  or misappropriation of or access to our customers', business partners' or our own information or other breaches of information security.

We make extensive use of online services and centralized data processing, including through third-party service providers. We have experienced cyberattacks,  attempts  to  breach  our  systems  and  other  similar  incidents. The secure maintenance and transmission of  customer  information  is  a  critical element of our operations. Our information technology and other systems, or those of service providers and business partners, that maintain and transmit customer or employee information may be compromised by a malicious third-party penetration of our network security, or that of a third-party service provider or business partner, or impacted by intentional or unintentional actions or inactions by our employees, or those of a third-party service provider or business partner. As a result, our customers' or employee's information may be lost, disclosed, accessed or taken without our customers' or employees' consent.

In  addition,  third-party  service  providers  and  other  business  partners  process  and  maintain  proprietary  business  information  and  data  related  to  our employees, customers, suppliers and other business partners. Our information technology and other systems that maintain and transmit this information, or those of service providers or business partners, may also be compromised by a malicious third-party penetration of our network security or that of a third-party service provider or business partner, or impacted by intentional or unintentional actions or inactions by our employees or those of a third-party service provider or business partner. As a result, our business information or customer, supplier and other business partner data may be lost, disclosed, accessed or taken without consent.

Any such loss, disclosure or misappropriation of, or access to, customers' or business partners' information or other breach of our information security can result  in  legal  claims  or  legal  proceedings,  including  regulatory  investigations  and  actions,  may  have  a  serious  impact  on  our  reputation  and  may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Furthermore, the loss, disclosure or misappropriation of our business information may adversely affect our reputation, business, operating results and financial condition.

## Financing Risks

## Our debt agreements and the Regulatory Agreement contain restrictive covenants that may limit our operating flexibility.

Our current  debt  agreements  and  the  Regulatory  Agreement  include,  and  our  future  debt  agreements  and  regulatory  agreements  will  likely  include, numerous financial and other covenants, imposing financial and operating restrictions on our business. Our ability to comply with these provisions may be affected by general economic conditions, industry conditions and other events beyond our control. There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with these covenants. The failure to comply with a financial covenant or other restriction contained in the agreements governing our indebtedness or in the Regulatory Agreement may result in an event of default under such agreements or sanctions or fines under the Regulatory Agreement. An event of default under our debt agreements could result in acceleration of some or all of the applicable indebtedness as well as other indebtedness of ours and the  inability  to  borrow  additional  funds.  We  do  not  have,  and  cannot  be  certain  we  would  be  able  to  obtain,  sufficient  funds  to  repay  any  such indebtedness if it is accelerated. Restrictions in our debt agreements or in the Regulatory Agreement might affect our ability to operate our business, might limit our ability to take advantage of potential business opportunities as they arise and might adversely affect the conduct of our current business, including by restricting our ability to finance future operations and capital needs and limiting our ability to engage in other business activities.

## Our existing and future indebtedness may limit our operating and financial flexibility.

As of December 31, 2021, we had approximately $3.53 billion of total indebtedness outstanding consisting of $1.945 billion outstanding under our term loan facility (the 'Term Loan') pursuant to the terms of a credit agreement we entered into on October 1, 2021 (the 'Credit Agreement') with Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the lenders party thereto, and $1.5 billion in aggregate principal amount of outstanding 5.625% senior notes due 2029 and 5.875% senior notes due 2031 (collectively, the 'Senior Notes'). As of December 31, 2021, we have a $620.0 million revolving credit facility (the 'Revolving Credit Facility' or 'Revolver' and, together with the Term Loan, the 'Credit Facility'), of which there were $85.0 million in borrowings as of that date. This indebtedness may have important negative consequences for us, including:

- limiting our ability to satisfy obligations;
- increasing vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;
- limiting flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses and the markets in which we conduct business;
- increasing vulnerability to, and limiting our ability to react to, changing market conditions, changes in industry and economic downturns;
- limiting  our  ability  to  obtain  additional  financing  to  fund  working  capital  requirements, capital expenditures, debt service, general corporate or other obligations;
- subjecting us to a number of restrictive covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to pay dividends and distributions, make acquisitions and dispositions, borrow additional funds and make capital expenditures and other investments;
- limiting our ability to use operating cash flow in other areas of our business because we must dedicate a significant portion of these funds to make principal and/or interest payments on outstanding debt;
- exposing us to interest rate risk due to the variable interest rate on borrowings under our Credit Facility;
- causing our failure to comply with the financial and restrictive covenants contained in our current or future indebtedness, which could cause a default under that indebtedness (and other indebtedness of ours) and which, if not cured or waived, could adversely affect us; and
- affecting our ability to renew gaming and other licenses necessary to conduct our business.

Though we have significant amounts of indebtedness outstanding, we have the ability to borrow the entire $620.0 million under our Revolving Credit Facility and may issue or incur additional indebtedness to fund our operations, including as necessary to execute on our growth strategy. Further, we may incur  other  liabilities  that  do  not  constitute  indebtedness. The  risks  that  we  face  based  on  our  outstanding  indebtedness  may  intensify  if  we  incur additional indebtedness or financing obligations in the future.

## Servicing our indebtedness and funding our other obligations requires a significant amount of cash, and our ability to generate sufficient cash depends on many factors, some of which will be beyond our control.

Our  ability  to  make  payments  on  and  refinance  our  indebtedness  and  to  fund  our  operations  and  capital  expenditures  depends  upon  our  ability  to generate cash flow and secure financing in the future. Our ability to generate future cash flow depends, among other things, upon:

- our future operating performance;
- general economic conditions;
- competition;
- legislative and regulatory factors affecting our operations and businesses; and
- our future operating performance.

Some of these factors will be beyond our control. There can be no assurance that our business will generate cash flow from operations or that future debt or equity financings will be available to us to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund other needs. If our operating results and available cash are insufficient  to  meet  our  debt  service  obligations  we  could  face  substantial  liquidity  problems  and  might  be  required  to  dispose  of  material  assets  or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain the proceeds that we could realize from them, and these proceeds may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due. The inability to generate cash flow could result in us needing to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity, including through the issuance of additional debt or equity securities. If needed, there can be no assurance that we will be able to refinance any of our indebtedness on favorable terms, or at all. Any inability to generate sufficient cash flow or refinance our indebtedness on favorable terms could adversely affect our financial condition.

## The transition away from the London Interbank Offered Rate ('LIBOR') and the adoption of alternative reference rates could adversely affect Bally's business and results of operations.

Borrowings under our Credit Facility primarily bear interest based on LIBOR. On November 30, 2020, ICE Benchmark Administration, the administrator of LIBOR, with the support of the US Federal Reserve and the UK's Financial Conduct Authority, announced plans to consult on ceasing publication of USD LIBOR on December 31, 2021 for the one week and two month USD LIBOR tenors, and on June 30, 2023 for all other USD LIBOR tenors. The US Federal Reserve concurrently issued a statement advising banks to stop new USD LIBOR issuances by the end of 2021. The Alternative Reference Rates Committee, which was convened by the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, has identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ('SOFR') as the recommended alternative for use in financial and other derivatives contracts that are currently indexed to USD LIBOR. Our  Credit  Facility  includes  provisions  addressing  the  future  discontinuation  of  LIBOR  that  are  broadly  consistent  with  the  'hardwired'  approach recommended by the Alternative Reference Rates Committee. Such provisions provide for a transition, upon the occurrence of certain triggering events, to a SOFR-based interest rate or, under certain circumstances, interest rates based on another benchmark to be determined, together in each case with certain spread adjustments and other changes necessary to implement such replacement benchmark. At this time, we are not able to predict the effect any modification or discontinuation of LIBOR will have on us, whether SOFR will become a widely accepted benchmark in place of LIBOR or what the impact of such a possible transition to SOFR may be on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## A market downturn may negatively impact our access to financing.

Since emergence from a recession over ten years ago, the US economy has been expanding at various growth rates. Such growth could slow or reverse, and another economic downturn could occur, including as a result of a potential resurgence of another COVID-19 variant. A downturn in the financial  markets or market volatility (like those now being experienced) could negatively impact our ability to access capital and financing (including financing  necessary  for  acquisitions  or  to  refinance  our  existing  indebtedness)  on  acceptable  terms  and  prices,  that  we  would  otherwise  need  in connection with the operation of our business.

## Risks Related to our Common Stock

## The market price of our common stock could fluctuate significantly.

There have been and are periods of time when the US securities markets have experienced significant price fluctuations. These price fluctuations may be day-to-day  or  they  may  last  for  extended  periods  of  time. Significant  price  fluctuations  in  the  securities  markets  as  a  whole  have  caused,  and  may continue to cause, the market price of our common stock to be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations. The trading volume of our common stock may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur. Additional factors that could cause fluctuations in, or adversely affect, our stock price or trading volume include:

- general market and economic conditions, including market conditions in the gaming and hotel industries;
- actual or expected variations in quarterly operating results;
- differences between actual operating results and those expected by investors and analysts;
- sales of our common stock by current shareholders seeking liquidity in the public market;
- changes in recommendations by securities analysts;
- operations and stock performance of competitors;
- accounting charges, including charges relating to the impairment of goodwill;
- significant acquisitions or strategic alliances by us or by competitors;
- sales of our common stock by our directors and officers or significant investors; and
- recruitment or departure of key personnel.

There can be no assurance that the stock price of our common stock will not fluctuate or decline significantly in the future. In addition, the stock market in general can experience considerable price and volume fluctuations that may be unrelated to our performance.

## Our largest shareholder owns a meaningful percentage of our outstanding common stock.

Standard General L.P. ('Standard General'), our largest shareholder, beneficially owned 22.1% of our outstanding common stock as of February 14, 2022. Standard General's Managing Partner and Chief Investment Officer serves as the chairman of our Board. Standard General is authorized by Rhode Island regulatory authorities to acquire up to 40% of our outstanding common stock.

On January 25, 2022, Standard General proposed to acquire all Bally's common stock not owned by Standard General or its affiliates at $38.00 per share. The proposal was subject to various conditions, including among others the entry into definitive documents and the approval of a committee of our independent directors. There can be no assurance that any transaction will result or, if so, as to the timing or terms thereof, any alternative transaction or the impact on other shareholders.

## We are not paying dividends and any decision to do so in the future will be at the discretion of our Board.

The timing, declaration, amount and payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend upon, among other factors, our earnings, cash requirements, financial condition, requirements to comply with the covenants under our debt agreements and the Regulatory Agreement, legal considerations and other factors that our Board deems relevant. If we do not pay cash dividends on our common stock in the future, then the return on an investment in our common stock will depend upon our future stock price and other forms of returning capital. There is  no  guarantee  that  our common stock will maintain its value or appreciate in value.

## We are a holding company and will depend on our subsidiaries for dividends, distributions and other payments.

We are structured as a holding company, a legal entity separate and distinct from our subsidiaries. Our only significant asset is the capital stock or other equity interests of our operating subsidiaries. As a holding company, we will conduct all of our business through our subsidiaries. Consequently,  our principal source of cash flow, including cash flow to pay dividends, will be dividends and distributions from our subsidiaries. If our subsidiaries are unable to  make dividend payments or distributions to us and sufficient cash or liquidity is not otherwise available, we may not be able to pay dividends. In addition,  our  right  to  participate  in  a  distribution  of  assets  upon  a  subsidiary's  liquidation  or  reorganization  will  be  subject  to  the  prior  claims  of  the subsidiary's creditors.

## PART II

## ITEM 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

You  should  read  the  following  discussion  and  analysis  of  our  financial  condition  and  results  of  operations  together  with  our  consolidated  financial statements  and  the  related  notes  and  other  financial  information  included  elsewhere  in  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K.  Some  of  the  information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including information with respect to our plans and strategy  for  our  business,  includes  forward-looking  statements  that  involve  risks  and  uncertainties.  You  should  review  Item  1A.  'Risk  Factors'  and 'Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements' in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis.

## Introduction

As disclosed in Note 22 'Correction of Consolidated Financial Statements' of the consolidated financial statements, the Company's consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2021 have been revised to give effect to the correction of an error related to foreign exchange loss in accordance with ASC 830, Foreign  Currency  Matters, ('ASC 830'). As a result, the Management's Discussion and Analysis of the Company's Financial Condition and Results of  Operation  set  forth  below  has  been  revised  to  give  effect  to  the  correction  of  the  accounting  error,  which  was  not  material  to  any  period presented. In addition, the presentation of Adjusted EBITDA was updated to reflect the Company's current presentation which was revised subsequent to the Original Filing. Otherwise, the information contained in this MD&amp;A is as of the date of the Original Filing and does not reflect any information or events occurring after the date of the Original Filing.

## Executive Overview

We are a global gaming, hospitality and entertainment company with a portfolio of casinos and resorts and online gaming businesses. We provide our customers  with  physical  and  interactive  entertainment  and  gaming  experiences,  including  traditional  casino  offerings,  iCasino,  online  bingo  games, sportsbook, DFS and F2P.

As of December 31, 2021, we own and manage 14 land-based casinos and one horse racetrack in ten states across the US operating under Bally's brand.  Our  land-based  casino  operations  include  approximately  14,900  slot  machines,  500  table  games  and  3,900  hotel  rooms,  along  with  various restaurants, entertainment venues and other amenities. Certain of our properties are leased under a master lease agreement with GLPI, a publicly traded gaming-focused REIT. With our acquisition of London-based Gamesys on October 1, 2021, we expanded our geographical and product footprints to include  an  iGaming  business  with  well-known  brands  providing  iCasino  and  online  bingo  experiences  to  our  global  online  customer  base  with concentrations in Europe and Asia and a growing presence in North America. Our iCasino and online bingo platforms and games content, sportsbook and F2P games are provided on a B2B as well as a B2C basis. Our revenues are primarily generated by these gaming and entertainment offerings. We own and operate our proprietary software and technology stack designed to allow us to provide consumers differentiated offerings and exclusive content.

In late 2020, we changed our name to Bally's Corporation. We believe that the 'Bally's' trade name brand has a rich history of gaming, hospitality and entertainment providing immediate and enhanced nationwide brand recognition.

In  2021,  we  took  significant  steps  forward  in  our  strategy.  We  acquired  multiple  casino  and  resort  properties,  including  Bally's  Lake  Tahoe,  Bally's Evansville and Bally's Quad Cities. We also agreed to purchase Tropicana Las Vegas in Las Vegas, Nevada and announced plans to construct a landbased casino in Centre County, Pennsylvania, adding to our land-based casino presence. With the pending acquisition of Tropicana Las Vegas and the completion of construction in Centre County, Pennsylvania, we will own and manage 16 land-based casinos across 12 states.

In addition, we also expanded our interactive business by:

- launching our Bally Sports Network through our partnership with Sinclair, which combines our sports betting technology with Sinclair's expansive footprint. With Bally's brand, the media partnership and the unencumbered skins (gaming licenses) that we have acquired and reserved in our portfolio,  we  can  now  provide  our  customers  omni-channel  gaming  and  entertainment  across  our  various  physical  properties  while  having  a singular online and mobile presence with a brand that is synonymous with gaming, hospitality and entertainment;
- acquiring Gamesys, a leading international online gaming operator that provides gaming entertainment to a global customer base; and
- acquiring Bally's Interactive, formerly Bet.Works, and its proprietary technology stack and turnkey solutions, which include marketing, operations, customer service,  risk  management  and  compliance.  We  believe  that  the  Bet.Works  acquisition  provides  us  with  a  suite  of  advanced  omnichannel  products,  platforms,  software  and  content  solutions  positioning  us  to  deliver  competitive  sports  betting  and  iCasino  offerings  to customers on a national scale. These steps have positioned us to become a leading, full-service, vertically integrated sports betting and iGaming company in the US with physical casinos and online gaming solutions united under a single, leading brand.

## COVID-19 Pandemic

The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly impacted, and is likely to continue to impact, our business in a material manner. In mid-March of 2020, all of our properties at the time were temporarily closed as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Our properties began to reopen in mid-2020 in some capacity and remained open for the rest of 2020, with the exception of Bally's Twin River and Bally's Tiverton which closed again for a period from November to December 2020. As of December 31, 2021, all of our properties are open and operating with minimal restrictions. The pandemic and its consequences dramatically reduced travel and demand for hotel rooms and other casino resort amenities, which had a negative impact on our results in 2020 and 2021. While many restrictions have been relaxed at this point, there are no assurances that a resurgence of future COVID-19 variants will not cause similar disruptions that existed in 2020 and 2021. In addition, future demand for gaming activities may be negatively impacted by the adverse changes in the perceived or actual economic climate, including higher unemployment rates, declines in income levels and loss of personal wealth or reduced business spending due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Our business could also be impacted if the disruptions from the COVID-19 pandemic impact construction projects, including our project in Centre County, Pennsylvania, described below.

While we are working closely with government officials on operational aspects of our properties, we cannot predict the duration of any limitations the government or we may impose on our operations. Continuing restrictions on our operations, the economic uncertainty that COVID-19 continues to cause and  the  personal  risk  tolerances  of  our  customers  have  caused,  and  may  continue  to  cause,  our  business  to  be  negatively  impacted.  Because  the situation is ongoing, and because the duration and severity of the pandemic remain unclear, it is difficult to forecast any impacts on our future results. We currently expect the COVID-19 pandemic to continue to impact our operations negatively in 2022.

## CARES Act

On  March  27,  2020,  the  Coronavirus  Aid,  Relief,  and  Economic  Security  Act  (the  'CARES  Act')  was  signed  into  law.  The  CARES  Act  provides opportunities for additional liquidity, loan guarantees and other government programs to support companies affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and their employees, including those like us that operate in the gaming area. The benefits of the CARES Act that were available to us included:

- refund of federal income taxes due to five-year carryback of net operating loss incurred in 2020 when our 2020 tax return was filed in 2021;
- relaxation of interest expense deduction limitation for income tax purposes; and
- the employee retention credit, providing a refundable federal tax credit equal to 50% of the first $10,000 of qualified wages and benefits, including qualified medical plan contributions, paid to employees while they are not performing services after March 12, 2020 and before January 1, 2021.

## Recent and Pending Acquisitions

## Gamesys Acquisition

On  October  1,  2021,  we  acquired  Gamesys,  a  leading  UK-based  global  online  gaming  operator.  In  connection  with  the  acquisition,  Gamesys shareholders received, in the aggregate, 9,773,537 shares of our common stock and $2.08 billion in cash.

We believe that Gamesys' proven technology platform will foster our continued buildout of our interactive offerings in North America, including real-money gaming options in online sports betting and iGaming. Additionally, unifying Bally's and Gamesys' player databases and technologies provides us with one of the largest portfolios of omni-channel cross-selling opportunities, consisting of land-based gaming, online sports betting, iCasino, online bingo, daily fantasy  sports  and  free-to-play  games.  We  believe  that  these  offerings,  coupled  with  our  media  partnership  with  Sinclair,  position  the  Company  to capitalize on significant growth opportunities in the rapidly expanding US online entertainment and sports betting markets.

## Other 2021 Acquisitions

In addition to the Gamesys acquisition, we completed or signed definitive agreements for multiple transactions within our Casinos &amp; Resorts and North America Interactive reportable segments. The pending acquisition of Tropicana Las Vegas is expected to close during the second half of 2022. Refer to 'Our Strategy and Business Developments ' section above and Note 5 'Acquisitions' to our consolidated financial statements presented in Part II, Item 8 for further information.

## Key Performance Indicators

The key performance indicators used in managing our business is adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ('Adjusted EBITDA'), a non-GAAP measure. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as earnings for the Company, or where noted our reportable segments, before, in each case, interest expense, net of interest income, provision (benefit) for income taxes, depreciation and amortization, non-operating income, acquisition, integration  and  restructuring  expense,  share-based  compensation  and  certain  other  gains  or  losses  as  well  as,  when  presented  for  our  reportable segments, an adjustment related to the allocation of corporate cost among segments.

We use Adjusted EBITDA to analyze the performance of our business and it is used as a determining factor for performance based compensation for members of our management team. We have historically used Adjusted EBITDA when evaluating operating performance because we believe that the inclusion or exclusion of certain recurring and non-recurring items is necessary to provide a full understanding of our core operating results and as a means to evaluate period-to-period performance. Also, we present Adjusted EBITDA because it is used by some investors and creditors as an indicator of the strength and performance of ongoing business operations, including our ability to service debt, and to fund capital expenditures, acquisitions and operations.  These  calculations  are  commonly  used  as  a  basis  for  investors,  analysts  and  credit  rating  agencies  to  evaluate  and  compare  operating performance and value companies within our industry. Adjusted EBITDA information is presented because management believes that it is a commonly used measure of performance in the gaming industry and that it is considered by many to be a key indicator of our operating results. Management believes that while certain items excluded from Adjusted EBITDA may be recurring in nature and should not be disregarded in evaluating our earnings performance,  it  is  useful  to  exclude  such  items  when  comparing  current  performance  to  prior  periods  because  these  items  can  vary  significantly depending on specific underlying transactions or events that may not be comparable between the periods presented or they may not relate specifically to current operating trends or be indicative of future results. Adjusted EBITDA should not be construed as an alternative to GAAP net income, its most directly comparable GAAP measure, as an indicator of our performance. In addition, Adjusted EBITDA as used by us may not be defined in the same manner as other companies in our industry, and, as a result, may not be comparable to similarly titled non-GAAP financial measures of other companies.

## Results of Operations

The following table presents, for the periods indicated, certain revenue and income items:

| Years Ended December 31,  (In millions)  2021  2020  2019  Total revenue  $  1,322.4  $  372.8  $  523.6  Income (loss) from operations  93.4  (18.4)  114.6  Net (loss) income  (114.7)  (5.5)  55.1   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table presents, for the periods indicated, certain income and expense items expressed as a percentage of total revenue:

| Years Ended December 31,  2021  2020  2019  Total revenue  100.0 %  100.0 %  100.0 %  Gaming, hotel, food and beverage, retail, entertainment and other expenses  40.5 %  37.2 %  35.4 %  Advertising, general and administrative  38.7 %  47.5 %  34.5 %  Goodwill and asset impairment  0.4 %  2.3 %  - %  Gain on sale-leaseback  (4.0)%  - %  - %  Contract termination  2.3 %  - %  - %  Other operating costs and expenses  4.3 %  7.8 %  2.1 %  Depreciation and amortization  10.9 %  10.2 %  6.2 %  Total operating costs and expenses  92.9 %  104.9 %  78.1 %  Income (loss) from operations  7.1 %  (4.9)%  21.9 %  Other income (expense):  Interest income  0.2 %  0.2 %  0.4 %  Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized  (9.1)%  (17.0)%  (7.6)%  Change in value of naming rights liabilities  1.3 %  (15.5)%  - %  Gain on bargain purchases  1.7 %  17.1 %  - %  Loss on extinguishment of debt  (7.8)%  - %  (0.3)%  Foreign exchange loss, net  (2.5)%  - %  - %  Other, net  0.2 %  - %  - %  Total other expense, net  (16.1)%  (15.1)%  (7.5)%  (Loss) income before provision for income taxes  (9.0)%  (20.1)%  14.4 %  (Benefit) provision for income taxes  (0.3)%  (18.6)%  3.8 %  Net (loss) income  (8.7)%  (1.5)%  10.5 %   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Note: Amounts in table may not subtotal due to rounding.

## Segment Information

During  the  fourth  quarter  of  2021,  the  Company  updated  its  reportable  segments  to  better  align  with  its  strategic  growth  initiatives  in  light  of  recent acquisitions. As a result of this realignment, the Company determined it had three reportable segments: Casinos &amp; Resorts, North America Interactive and International Interactive. Prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to this new presentation. Refer to 'Our Operating Structure' in Item 1 'Business' for a listing of entities by segment and Note 19 ' Segment Reporting' for further information.

The following table sets forth certain financial information associated with results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019. Non-gaming revenue includes hotel,  food  and  beverage  and  retail,  entertainment  and  other  revenue.  Non-gaming  expenses  include  hotel,  food  and beverage and retail, entertainment and other expenses.

| Years Ended December 31,  2021 over 2020  2020 over 2019  (In thousands, except percentages)  2021  2020  2019  $ Change  % Change  $ Change  % Change  Revenue:  Gaming  Casinos &amp; Resorts  $  803,940  $  298,070  $  381,062  $  505,870  169.7 %  $  (82,992)  (21.8)%  North America Interactive  10,442  -  -  10,442  100.0 %  -  - %  International Interactive  239,110  -  -  239,110  100.0 %  -  - %  Total Gaming revenue  1,053,492  298,070  381,062  755,422  253.4 %  (82,992)  (21.8)%  Non-gaming  Casinos &amp; Resorts  228,888  74,722  142,515  154,166  206.3 %  (67,793)  (47.6)%  North America Interactive  27,910  -  -  27,910  100.0 %  -  - %  International Interactive  12,153  -  -  12,153  100.0 %  -  - %  Total Non-gaming revenue  268,951  74,722  142,515  194,229  259.9 %  (67,793)  (47.6)%  Total revenue  $  1,322,443  $  372,792  $  523,577  $  949,651  254.7 %  $  (150,785)  (28.8)%  Operating costs and expenses:  Gaming  Casinos &amp; Resorts  $  263,751  $  95,901  $  103,557  $  167,850  175.0 %  $  (7,656)  (7.4)%  North America Interactive  10,721  -  -  10,721  100.0 %  -  - %  International Interactive  132,560  -  -  132,560  100.0 %  -  - %  Total Gaming expenses  407,032  95,901  103,557  311,131  324.4 %  (7,656)  (7.4)%  Non-gaming  Casinos &amp; Resorts  110,090  42,768  81,615  67,322  157.4 %  (38,847)  (47.6)%  North America Interactive  9,299  -  -  9,299  100.0 %  -  - %  International Interactive  8,658  -  -  8,658  100.0 %  -  - %  Total Non-gaming expenses  128,047  42,768  81,615  85,279  199.4 %  (38,847)  (47.6)%  Advertising, general and administrative  Casinos &amp; Resorts  342,489  139,537  153,953  202,952  145.4 %  (14,416)  (9.4)%  North America Interactive  43,245  -  -  43,245  100.0 %  -  - %  International Interactive  41,571  -  -  41,571  100.0 %  -  - %  Other  84,364  37,406  26,447  46,958  125.5 %  10,959  41.4 %  Total Advertising, general and administrative $  511,669  $  176,943  $  180,400  $  334,726  189.2 %  $  (3,457)  (1.9)%  Margins:  Gaming expenses as a percentage of Gaming  revenue  39 %  32 %  27 %  7 %  5 %  Non-gaming expenses as a percentage of Non-  gaming revenue  48 %  57 %  57 %  (9)%  - %  Advertising, general and administrative as a  percentage of Total revenue  39 %  47 %  34 %  (8)%  13 %   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Year ended December 31, 2021 compared to year ended December 31, 2020

## Total revenue

Our Total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 consisted of the following (in thousands):

| 2021  2020  $ Change  % Change  Gaming  $  1,053,492  $  298,070  $  755,422  253.4 %  Hotel  95,356  24,742  70,614  285.4 %  Food and beverage  92,906  32,132  60,774  189.1 %  Retail, entertainment and other  80,689  17,848  62,841  352.1 %  Total revenue  1,322,443  372,792  949,651  254.7 %   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased $949.7 million, or 254.7%, to $1.32 billion, from $372.8 million in 2020. We saw gaming, hotel, food and beverage and retail, entertainment and other revenues grow and exceed, in some cases, pre-pandemic levels, as we were able to operate with  less  restrictions  across  our  properties  in  2021,  in  addition  to  fewer  days  closed  year-over-year,  resulting  from  developments  in  the  COVID-19 pandemic and an increase in consumer confidence and visitation.

In addition to the above, incremental revenues from acquisitions completed in 2021, including Gamesys, Bally's Evansville, Bally's Lake Tahoe, Bally's Quad Cities and our North America Interactive acquisitions (collectively the '2021 Acquisitions'), and from our acquisitions completed in 2020, including Bally's Atlantic City, Bally's Shreveport, Bally's Kansas City, Bally's Vicksburg and Bally's Black Hawk (collectively, the '2020 Acquisitions'), contributed, in the aggregate, $704.9 million.

## Operating costs and expenses

For 2021, we recorded total operating costs and expenses of $1.23 billion, up $837.9 million, or 214.2%, from $391.2 million in 2020. The change in total operating  costs  and  expenses  was  driven  by  fluctuations  in  our  gaming  and  non-gaming  expenses,  advertising  general  and  administrative  costs, acquisition, integration and restructuring expenses and other operating costs and expenses, each described below. We expect our total operating costs and expenses to increase in 2022 as compared to 2021 as a result of the inclusion of our recent acquisitions, most notably, Gamesys.

## Gaming and non-gaming expenses

Gaming expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased $311.1 million, or 324.4%, to $407.0 million from $95.9 million in 2020. The increase in  gaming  expenses primarily  attributable  to  the  inclusion  of  expenses  from  our  2021  Acquisitions  and  incremental  gaming  expenses  from  our  2020 Acquisitions which contributed, in the aggregate, $269.4 million. Non-gaming expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased $85.3 million, or  199.4%,  to  $128.0  million  from  $42.8  million  in  2020.  This  increase  was  primarily  due  to  the  inclusion  of  our  2021  Acquisitions  and  incremental expense from our 2020 Acquisitions which contributed, in the aggregate, $69.8 million.

## Advertising, general and administrative

Advertising, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased $334.7 million, or 189.2%, to $511.7 million from $176.9  million,  in  2020.  The  increase  year-over-year  is  primarily  due  to  the  impact  of  our  2021  Acquisitions  and  2020  Acquisitions  which,  in  the aggregate,  contributed  $245.9  million  to  advertising,  general  and  administrative  expenses  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021.  Additionally,  in connection  with  the  Gamesys  acquisition,  the  Company  recognized  post-combination  expense  related  to  the  acceleration  and  cash  settlement  of unvested historical Gamesys' employee stock awards of $10.3 million included within Advertising, general and administrative expense.

## Acquisition, integration and restructuring

We incurred $71.3 million of acquisition, integration and restructuring expense during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to $13.3 million in 2020 driven by $43.5 million of costs incurred in connection with our acquisition of Gamesys on October 1, 2021, as well as our other 2021 Acquisitions. Refer to Note 11 'Acquisition, integration and restructuring expense' for further information.

## Other operating costs and expenses

During  the  fourth  quarter  of  2021,  we  recorded  contract  termination  expense  of  $30.0  million  related  to  the  early  termination  of  retail  and  online sportsbook operating agreements with William Hill at certain of our casino properties.

During the fourth quarter of 2020, Hurricane Zeta made landfall in Louisiana shutting down our Hard Rock Biloxi property for three days. As a result, during  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021,  we  recorded  gains  from  insurance  recoveries,  net  of  losses,  of  $19.3  million  attributable  to  insurance proceeds received in the year compared to a loss of $14.1 million in 2020.

In connection with our corporate name change to Bally's Corporation in November 2020 and the rebranding of our casino properties across our portfolio, we incurred rebranding expense of $2.5 million and $0.8 million during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

During the second quarter of 2021, we sold our Bally's Dover property to GLPI and recorded a gain on sale-leaseback of $53.4 million.

During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded asset impairment charges of $4.7 million related to the former trade names at our Bally's Dover and Bally's Black Hawk in connection with our rebranding. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded an impairment charge of $8.7 million as a result of an impairment analysis performed on goodwill and intangible assets acquired in connection with our acquisition of Bally's Black Hawk.

## Depreciation and amortization

Depreciation  and  amortization  of  intangibles  expense  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021  was  $144.8  million,  an  increase  of  $106.9  million,  or 282.6%, compared to $37.8 million in 2020 driven by the inclusion of incremental expense from our 2021 Acquisitions and 2020 Acquisitions, which contributed, in the aggregate, $83.9 million year-over-year.

## (Loss) income from operations

Income  from  operations  was  $93.4  million  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021  compared  to  loss  from  operations  of  $18.4  million  in  2020.  This increase was driven by revenue growth resulting from a return in visitation to our properties as COVID-19 restrictions were lifted as well as more days open in 2021 compared to 2020 coupled with incremental revenues from our 2021 Acquisitions and 2020 Acquisitions, offset by operating expenses as noted above.

## Other income (expense)

Total  other  expense  increased  $156.0  million,  or  276.5%,  to  $212.5  million  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021  from  $56.4  million  in  2020.  This increase was driven by a loss on extinguishment of debt of $103.0 million in connection with the termination of our obligations under our prior revolving credit facility and prior term loan facility and the redemption of our 6.75% senior notes due 2027 in connection with our credit facility entered into on October 1, 2021, a $33.5 million increase due to foreign currency losses and a $56.9 million increase in interest expense year-over-year due to higher borrowings and interest rates. Refer to Note 12 'Long-Term Debt' for further information. Offsetting these increases was $17.0 million of income recorded to adjust the naming rights liability associated with our contracts with Sinclair to fair value and a gain on bargain purchases of $22.8 million in connection with the acquisitions of Bally's Evansville and Bally's Lake Tahoe.

## (Benefit) provision for income taxes

Benefit for income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was $4.4 million and $69.3 million, respectively. The effective tax rate for the year  ended  December 31, 2021 was 3.7% compared to 92.7% in 2020. The decrease in the effective tax rate was due to an increase in state tax expense and an increase in nondeductible costs related to the acquisition of Gamesys during 2021, as well as a lower bargain purchase gain in 2021 as compared to 2020. Further, the 2020 provision included a significant rate benefit as a result of the CARES Act, and we had a lesser benefit in the 2021 provision.  In  addition,  Gamesys  entities  are  taxed  at  lower  rates  versus  the  US  federal  tax  rate,  which  impacted  2021  beneficially  due  to  the  rate differential. This benefit was offset by amounts related to share-based compensation, loss on derivative instruments and other permanent amounts.

## Net loss and loss per share

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2021 was $114.7 million compared to net loss of $5.5 million in 2020. As a percentage of revenue, net loss increased from 1.5% for the year ended December 31, 2020 to a net loss of 8.7% for the year ended December 31, 2021. Diluted loss per share for the year ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 was $2.31 and $0.18, respectively, and was impacted by the factors noted above.

## Adjusted EBITDA by Segment

Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA was $329.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of $260.6 million, or 376.4%, from $69.3 million in 2020.

Adjusted EBITDA for the Casinos &amp; Resorts segment for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased $227.8 million, or 253.3%, to $317.7 million from $89.9 million in 2020. This increase was driven by strong results across our portfolio due to higher visitation to our properties, particularly at Bally's Twin River property, Hard Rock Biloxi and Bally's Dover properties, a full year of 2021 results from properties which were acquired in 2020, including Bally's Shreveport and Bally's Kansas City, and the inclusion of Bally's Evansville, which was acquired during the second quarter of 2021.

Adjusted EBITDA for the North America Interactive segment was $(12.4) million for the year ended December 31, 2021.

Adjusted  EBITDA  for  our  International  Interactive  segment  was  $69.9  million  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021,  directly  attributable  to  our acquisition of Gamesys on October 1, 2021.

| Year Ended December 31. 2021  (in thousands)  Casinos &amp;  Resorts  North America  Interactive  International  Interactive  Other  Total  Net income (loss)  $  186,287  $  (36,879)  $  24,337  $  (288,442)  $  (114,697)  Interest expense, net of interest income  37  (15)  (27)  117,929  117,924  Provision (benefit) for income taxes  72,128  (8,281)  (4,261)  (63,963)  (4,377)  Depreciation and amortization  54,120  18,096  46,341  26,229  144,786  Non-operating (income) expense  -  -  (3)  61,074  61,071  Foreign exchange loss, net  -  355  643  32,463  33,461  Acquisition, integration and restructuring  -  182  1,444  69,662  71,288  Strategic initiatives  -  12,500  -  755  13,255  Share-based compensation  -  -  -  20,143  20,143  Gain on sale-leaseback  (53,425)  -  -  -  (53,425)  Contract termination  -  -  -  30,000  30,000  Other, net  (11,659)  -  1,470  20,662  10,473  Allocation of corporate costs  70,217  1,629  -  (71,846)  -  Adjusted EBITDA  $  317,705  $  (12,413)  $  69,944  $  (45,334)  $  329,902  (1)  (2)  (3)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(1)    Non-operating income (expense) includes: (i) change in value of naming rights liabilities and (ii) gain on bargain purchases, (iii) loss on extinguishment of debt, and (iv) other, net.

(2)    Includes costs incurred related to the amended credit agreement and a lump sum one-time contribution of $12.5 million to support a referendum campaign to legalize sports betting in the State of California.

(2)    Other includes the following items: (i) asset impairment charges related to the Dover Downs and Bally's Black Hawk tradenames in connection with Bally's rebranding, (ii) professional  fees  and  other  costs  incurred  to  establish  the  partnership  with  Sinclair  and  acquire  Bally  Interactive,  (iii)  storm  related  gains  related  to  insurance  recoveries received due to the effects of Hurricane Zeta on the Company's Hard Rock Biloxi property, (iv) rebranding expenses of in connection with Bally's corporate name change, (v) business interruption related recoveries, and (vi) other individually de minimis expenses.

Other, net

| Year Ended December 31, 2020  (in thousands)  Casinos &amp; Resorts  Other  Total  Net income (loss)  $  28,555  $  (34,042)  $  (5,487)  Interest expense, net of interest income  34  62,602  62,636  Benefit for income taxes  (16,018)  (53,306)  (69,324)  Depreciation and amortization  37,786  56  37,842  Non-operating (income)  -  (6,211)  (6,211)  Acquisition, integration and restructuring  20  13,237  13,257  Strategic initiatives  -  793  793  Share-based compensation  -  17,706  17,706  19,021  (978)  18,043  Allocation of corporate costs  20,515  (20,515)  -  Adjusted EBITDA  $  89,913  $  (20,658)  $  69,255  (1)  (2)  (3)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(1)    Non-operating income (expense) includes: (i) change in value of naming rights liabilities and (ii) gain on bargain purchase.

(2)    Strategic initiatives include costs incurred related to the amended credit agreement.

(3)    Other includes the following non-recurring items: (i) Goodwill and asset impairments, (ii) rebranding (iii) Employee Retention Credits related to COVID-19, (iv) non-routine legal expenses, (v) storm related losses and (vi) other individually de minimis expenses.

Other, net

| Year Ended December 31, 2019  (in thousands)  Casinos &amp; Resorts  Other  Total  Net income (loss)  $  95,575  $  (40,445)  $  55,130  Interest expense, net of interest income  3,380  34,546  37,926  Provision (benefit) for income taxes  34,664  (14,614)  20,050  Depreciation and amortization  32,367  25  32,392  Non-operating (income) expense  (39)  (144)  (183)  Acquisition, integration and restructuring  1,617  10,551  12,168  Share-based compensation  -  3,826  3,826  (439)  6,280  5,841  Allocation of corporate costs  17,032  (17,032)  -  Adjusted EBITDA  $  184,157  $  (17,007)  $  167,150  (1)  (2)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(1)    Non-operating income (expense) includes: (i) loss on extinguishment of debt, and (ii) other, net.

(2)        Other  includes  the  following  non-recurring  items:  (i)  Credit  Agreement  amendment  related  expenses,  (ii)  non-routine  legal  expenses  and  (iii)  net  gains  from  insurance recoveries, and (vi) pension payment for out-of-period unpaid contributions.

## Year ended December 31, 2020 compared to year ended December 31, 2019

The information required by this section can be found in our Part II. Item 7. 'Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations' of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 .

## Liquidity and Capital Resources

## Overview

We are a holding company. Our ability to fund our obligations depends on existing cash on hand, cash flow from our subsidiaries and our ability to raise capital. Our primary sources of liquidity and capital resources have been cash on hand, cash flow from operations, borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility (as defined herein) and proceeds from the issuance of debt and equity securities. We assess liquidity in terms of the ability to generate cash or obtain  financing  in  order  to  fund  operating,  investing  and  debt  service  requirements.  Our  primary  ongoing  cash  requirements  include  the  funding  of operations,  capital  expenditures,  acquisitions  and  other  investments  in  line  with  our  business  strategy  and  debt  repayment  obligations  and  interest payments. Our strategy has been to maintain moderate leverage and substantial capital resources in order to take advantage of opportunities, to invest in our businesses and acquire properties at what we believe to be attractive valuations. As such, throughout 2021, we continued to invest in our land-based casino  business  and  began  to  build  on  our  interactive/iGaming  gaming  business  despite  the  COVID-19  pandemic.  We  believe  that  existing  cash balances,  operating  cash  flows  and  availability  under  our  Revolving  Credit  Facility,  as  explained  below,  will  be  sufficient  to  meet  funding  needs  for operating, capital expenditure and debt service purposes. Additionally, while we may seek other funding alternatives, we believe existing sources will provide the cash necessary to fund our proposed acquisition of Tropicana Las Vegas.

## Cash Flows Summary

| Years Ended December 31,  (In thousands)  2021  2020  2019  Net cash provided by operating activities  $  82,754  $  19,502  $  94,100  Net cash used in investing activities  (2,296,904)  (444,846)  (38,925)  Net cash provided by financing activities  2,404,598  366,397  48,896  Effect of foreign currency on cash and cash equivalents  (42,163)  -  -  Net change in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash  148,285  (58,947)  104,071  Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period  126,555  185,502  81,431  Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period  $  274,840  $  126,555  $  185,502   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A discussion of changes in cash flows comparing the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 has been omitted from this Form 10-K and can be found in Part II. Item 7. 'Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources' of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 .

## Operating Activities

Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was $82.8 million, an increase of $63.3 million from $19.5 million in 2020. This increase was primarily attributable to increased net loss resulting from higher interest expense due to increased borrowings, amortization expense related to Gamesys' intangible assets and loss on extinguishment of debt, as noted above.

## Investing Activities

Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was $2.30 billion, an increase of $1.85 billion compared to $444.8 million used in investing activities for 2020. The increase was primarily driven by an additional $1.85 billion of cash paid for acquisitions year-over-year, $2.27 billion in 2021 compared to $425.1 million in 2020, most notably cash paid for Gamesys of $1.90 billion, coupled with a $82.2 million increase in capital expenditures in connection with our expansion and renovation projects at Bally's Atlantic City, Hard Rock Biloxi, Bally's Kansas City and Bally's Twin River. These increases were offset by $144.0 million of proceeds related to the sale-leaseback transaction for Bally's Dover with GLPI.

## Financing Activities

Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was $2.40 billion compared to $366.4 million for 2020, an increase of $2.04 billion year-over-year. Cash provided by financing activities in 2021 was driven by our debt borrowings, offset by repayments, as follows:

| Years Ended December 31,  2021  2020  Revolver proceeds  $  375,000  $  285,000  Term loan proceeds  1,925,550  261,180  Senior note proceeds  1,487,003  122,500  Issuance of long-term debt  $  3,787,553  $  668,680  Revolver repayments  $  (325,000)  $  (250,000)  Term loan repayments  (569,125)  (4,375)  Senior note repayments  (525,000)  -  Repayment of Gamesys' debt  (458,450)  -  Repayments of long-term debt  $  (1,877,575)  $  (254,375)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In addition, we received proceeds from equity issuances from our public offering and the issuance of Sinclair penny warrants, offset in part, by increased spending on share repurchases under our capital return program, explained below.

## Capital Return Program

On June 14, 2019, we announced that our Board approved a capital return program allowing for a total of up to $250.0 million for a share repurchase program and payment of dividends. This was subsequently increased by $100.0 million on February 10, 2020 and another $350.0 million on October 4, 2021.

On July 26, 2019, we completed a modified Dutch auction tender offer, purchasing 2,504,971 common shares at an aggregate purchase price of $73.9 million. In addition, during 2019 we repurchased 6,558,379 common shares at an aggregate purchase price of $148.8 million.

During the year ended December 31, 2021, we repurchased 2,188,532 common shares for an aggregate price of $87.0 million. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we repurchased 1,812,393 common shares for an aggregate price of $33.3 million.

During the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company paid cash dividends of $0.10 and $0.20 per common share for a total cost of approximately $3.2 million and $7.6 million, respectively. In connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, we ceased paying dividends. We do not currently intend to pay any dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Any future determinations relating to our dividend policies will be made at the discretion of our Board and will depend on conditions then existing, including our financial condition, results of operations, contractual restrictions, capital and regulatory requirements and other factors our Board may deem relevant.

As of December 31, 2021, there was $347.9 million available for use under the capital return program.

## Common Stock and Warrant Offerings

On April 20, 2021, we completed a public offering of 12,650,000 common shares at a price to the public of $55.00 per share and issued to affiliates of Sinclair warrants to purchase 909,090 common shares at the same offering price. The net proceeds from the public offering and the private warrant sale, after deducting underwriting discounts, were $671.4 million and $50.0 million, respectively, and were used to finance a portion of the purchase price of Gamesys and to retire certain of our existing indebtedness.

## Debt and Lease Obligations

## May 2019 Senior Secured Credit Facility

On  May  10,  2019,  the  Company  entered  into  a  credit  agreement  with  Citizens  Bank,  N.A.,  as  administrative  agent,  and  the  lenders  party  thereto, consisting of a $300 million term loan B facility and a $250 million revolving credit facility. On May 11, 2020, the Company amended the credit agreement to  increase  the  term  loan  facility  by  $275  million  to  $525  million.  On  March  9,  2021,  the  Company  amended  the  credit  agreement  to  increase  the borrowing limit under the revolving credit facility to $325 million.

The  Company's  obligations  under  the  revolving  credit  facility  and  the  term  loan  facility  were  terminated  and  amounts  outstanding  were  repaid  in connection with the Company's entry into the Credit Facility on October 1, 2021 as described below.

## 6.75% Senior Notes due 2027

On May 10, 2019, the Company issued $400 million aggregate principal amount of 6.75% unsecured senior notes due June 1, 2027 and, on October 9, 2020, the Company issued an additional $125 million aggregate principal amount of 6.75% unsecured senior notes due June 1, 2027 (together, the '2027 Notes').

On September 7, 2021, the Company redeemed $210 million aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Notes at a redemption price of 106.750% of the principal  amount  using  a  portion  of  the  proceeds  of  the  Company's  April  2021  public  offering  of  common  stock.  On  October  5,  2021,  the  Company redeemed the remaining $315 million aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Notes at a redemption price of 109.074% of the principal amount using a portion of the proceeds of its Term Loan Facility (as defined herein). As of December 31, 2021, no amounts pertaining to these 2027 Notes remained outstanding.

In connection with the termination of the prior credit agreement and the 2027 Notes, the Company recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of $103.0 million in the year ended December 31, 2021.

## Senior Notes

On August 20, 2021, we issued $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.625% senior notes due 2029 and $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.875% Senior Notes due 2031 (together, the 'Senior Notes'). On October 1, 2021, upon the closing of the Gamesys acquisition, we assumed the issuer obligation under the Senior Notes.

The  indenture  contains  covenants  that  limit  the  ability  of  the  Company  and  its  restricted  subsidiaries  to,  among  other  things,  (1)  incur  additional indebtedness, (2) pay dividends on or make distributions in respect of capital stock or make certain other restricted payments or investments, (3) enter into certain transactions with affiliates, (4) sell or otherwise dispose of assets, (5) create or incur liens and (6) merge, consolidate or sell all or substantially all of the Company's assets. These covenants are subject to exceptions and qualifications set forth in the indenture.

## Credit Facility

On October 1, 2021, we entered into the Credit Agreement providing for a senior secured term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $1.945 billion  (the  'Term  Loan Facility'), which will mature in 2028, and a senior secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of $620.0 million (the 'Revolving Credit Facility'), which will mature in 2026.

The  credit  facilities  allow  us  to  increase  the  size  of  the  Term  Loan  Facility  or  request  one  or  more  incremental  term  loan  facilities  or  increase commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility or add one or more incremental revolving facilities in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of $650 million and 100% of the Company's consolidated EBITDA for the most recent four-quarter period plus or minus certain amounts as specified in the Credit Agreement, including an unlimited amount subject to compliance with a consolidated total secured net leverage ratio.

The  credit  facilities  contain  covenants  that  limit  the  ability  of  the  Company  and  its  restricted  subsidiaries  to,  among  other  things,  incur  additional indebtedness, pay dividends or make certain other restricted payments, sell assets, make certain investments, and grant liens. These covenants are subject  to  exceptions  and  qualifications  set  forth  in  the  Credit  Agreement.  The  Revolving  Credit  Facility  contains  a  financial  covenant  regarding  a maximum first lien net leverage ratio that applies when borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility exceed 30% of the total revolving commitment.

Refer to Note 12 'Long-Term Debt' in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

## GLPI Master Lease

Our Master Lease is accounted for as an operating lease and was $384.8 million as of December 31, 2021.

In connection with the acquisition of Bally's Evansville, an affiliate of GLPI has agreed to acquire the real estate associated with the Evansville Casino from the Seller for $340.0 million and lease it to us under a master lease agreement (the 'Master Lease'). GLPI has also agreed to acquire the real estate associated with Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment, Inc. ('Dover Downs') for $144.0 million and lease it back to the us under the Master Lease. The Master Lease with GLPI has an initial term of 15 years and includes four, five-year options to renew and requires combined minimum annual payments of $40.0 million, subject to escalation. The acquisition of Evansville and commencement of the Master Lease was June 4, 2021.

During  the  second  quarter  of  2021,  the  Company  sold  the  real  estate  associated  with  Dover  Downs  to  GLPI  and  recorded  a  gain  of  $53.4  million representing  the  difference  in  the  transaction  price  and  the  de-recognition  of  assets.  This  gain  is  reflected  as  'Gain  on  sale-leaseback'  in  the consolidated statements of operations.

We also expect to finance our proposed agreement to acquire the Tropicana Las Vegas for $150 million through sale-leaseback transactions with GLPI.

## Operating leases

In  addition  to  the  operating  lease  components  under  the  GLPI  Master  Lease,  the  Company  is  committed  under  various  long-term  operating  lease agreements primarily related to submerged tidelands, property and equipment at Hard Rock Biloxi, Bally's Kansas City, Bally's Shreveport and Bally's Lake Tahoe. Additionally,  certain  of  the  Company's  subsidiaries  lease  office  space,  data  centers,  parking  space,  memorabilia  and  equipment  under agreements classified as operating leases that expire on various dates through 2030. Minimum rent payable under operating leases was $834.8 million as of December 31, 2021. Refer to Note 13 'Leases' in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information.

## Capital Expenditures

Capital expenditures are accounted for as either project, maintenance or capitalized software expenditures. Project capital expenditures are for fixed asset additions that expand an existing facility or create a new facility. Maintenance capital expenditures are expenditures to replace existing fixed assets with a useful life greater than one year that are obsolete, worn out or no longer cost effective to repair, along with spending on other small projects that do not fit  into  the  project  category.  Capitalized  software  expenditures relate to the creation, production and preparation of software for use in our online gaming operations.

For the year ended December 31, 2021, capital expenditures were $97.5 million compared to $15.3 million in 2020. In 2020, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and the Company's efforts to proactively manage expenses and retain sufficient liquidity, all major projects were suspended. In 2021 as our properties  reopened  and  operations  resumed,  we  commenced  spending  on  maintenance  and  planned  projects  at  our  casino  properties  though  our progress lagged due to nationwide supply chain shortages. We expect that capital expenditures in 2022 will exceed 2021 amounts as we plan to make significant progress towards project goals, particularly at Bally's Twin River, Bally's Atlantic City and Bally's Kansas City, and increase spending relating to the maintenance and improvements at our other casino properties. In addition, during 2022 we plan to commence construction on the Centre County, Pennsylvania development project. We expect to fund these expenditures from a combination of cash flow from operations and cash on hand. Because the pandemic is ongoing and the duration and severity remains unclear, it is difficult to forecast any impacts on our future results and therefore, planned spending on these projects may be impacted as we continue in 2022. Below is a summary of our planned projects:

Bally's Twin River - In connection with our partnership with IGT, we have committed to invest $100 million in Bally's Twin River over the term of our master contract with Rhode Island to expand the property and add additional amenities along with other capital improvements. Plans include adding a 40,000-square-foot  gaming  area,  an  additional  casino  bar,  and  a  14,000-square-foot  spa.  Construction  began  in  September  2021  with  a  target completion in the fourth quarter of 2022. Spending in 2022 is estimated at approximately $50 million.

Bally's Atlantic City -Construction on our Bally's Atlantic City property commenced in 2021. We are committed to invest approximately $100 million over a span of five years to refurbish and upgrade Bally's Atlantic City's facilities and expand its amenities, including renovated hotel rooms and suites, outdoor beer hall and lobby bar. Spending in 2022 is estimated at approximately $40 million.

Bally's  Kansas  City  -  We  began  construction  on  the  planned  redevelopment  project  of  Bally's  Kansas  City  in  November  2021.  We  believe  the redevelopment of the property, which includes a 40,000 square foot land-based building, restaurant, bar and retail space, will improve the property and guest experience and drive growth and our return on investment. Spend on the project is estimated to be approximately $50 million, largely in 2022, with a target completion date in the first half of 2023.

Centre County, PA - On December 31, 2020, we signed a framework agreement with entities affiliated with an established developer to design, develop, construct and manage a Category 4 licensed casino in Centre County, Pennsylvania. Construction of the casino is expected to begin in the first half of 2022 and will take approximately one year to complete. Subject to receipt of regulatory approvals, it will house up to 750 slot machines and 30 table games. The casino will also provide, subject to receipt of separate licenses and certificates, retail sports betting, online sports betting and online gaming. We estimate the total cost of the project, including construction, licensing and sports betting/iGaming operations, to be approximately $120 million. If completed, we will acquire a majority equity interest in the partnership, including 100% of the economic interests of all retail sports betting, online sports betting and iGaming activities associated with the project.

## Other Contractual Obligations

Bally's Trade Name -We acquired Bally's brand from Caesars Entertainment, Inc. on October 13, 2020 for $20.0 million payable in cash in two equal installments of $10.0 million on the first and second anniversary of the purchase date. The Company made the first installment payment during 2021 and will pay the second installment in 2022.

Deferred Consideration - In September of 2019, prior to our acquisition of Gamesys, Gamesys (Holdings) Limited ('GHL') was acquired by JPJ Group plc ('JPJ') and subsequently renamed Gamesys. In connection with the JPJ acquisition, £11.2 million of the cash consideration was deferred and payable (plus interest) to GHL 's majority shareholders 30 months after closing. The Company has recorded $15.1 million representing the deferred consideration which is payable on March 26, 2022, and recorded within current liabilities of the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021.

## Critical Accounting Estimates

The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with US GAAP requires us to make estimates and apply judgments that affect reported amounts. These estimates and judgements are based on past events and/or expectations of future outcomes. Actual results may differ from our estimates. We discuss our significant accounting policies used in preparing the financial statements in Note 2 of our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following is a summary of our critical accounting estimates and how they are applied in preparation of our consolidated financial statements.

## Valuation of Intangible Assets Acquired in Business Combinations

Intangible  assets  consist  primarily  of  gaming  licenses,  trade  names,  developed  technology  and  customer  lists  which  have  all  been  obtained  through business combinations or asset acquisitions, as well as a Naming Rights intangible asset obtained through our agreement with Sinclair and internally developed software attributable to our interactive businesses.

Gaming licenses obtained through business combinations are generally recorded at their fair values through purchase accounting using the Greenfield Method under the income approach. This method estimates isolated income that properly attributable to a license based on modeling a hypothetical startup company going into business without any other assets than the gaming license being valued and building a new casino with similar utility to the existing casino. Using this method, the valuation of the gaming license is dependent upon significant estimates such as projected revenues and cash flows, estimated construction costs, duration of that construction, pre-opening expenses and appropriate discounting. Gaming licenses accounted for as asset acquisitions are valued at cost.

Trade  names  obtained  through  business  combinations  are  valued  using  the  relief-from-royalty  method  under  the  income  approach.  This  method estimates the cost savings that accrue to the owner of an intangible asset who would otherwise have to pay royalties or license fees on revenues earned through  the  use  of  the  asset.  As  such,  the  value  of  a  trade  name  acquired  through  a  business  combination  is  dependent  upon  estimates  such  as projected revenues, selection of an appropriate hypothetical royalty rate and appropriate discounting. Trade names accounted for as asset acquisitions are valued at cost.

Developed  technology  is  obtained  through  business  combinations  and  is  recorded  at  fair  value  through  purchase  accounting  using  the  Multi-Period Excess Earnings Method under the income approach. The principle behind this method is that the value of an intangible asset is equal to the present value of the incremental after tax cash flows attributable only to the subject intangible asset after deducting Contributory Asset Charges ('CACs'). The principle behind a CAC is that an intangible asset 'rents' or 'leases' from a hypothetical third party all the assets it requires to produce the cash flows resulting from its development, that each project rents only those assets it needs and not the ones that it does not need, and that each project pays the owner of the assets a fair return on the value of the rented assets. Under this method, the valuation of developed technology is dependent on estimates such as projected revenues and cash flows, CAC and appropriate discounting.

The Naming Rights intangible asset obtained through our agreement with Sinclair was accounted for as an asset acquisition and recorded at its cost at the acquisition date. The cost consisted of 1) discounted cash payments due over a 10 year term, 2) the fair value of warrants and options issued to Sinclair, and 3) an estimate of tax receivable agreement payments due to Sinclair. The cash payments were subject to estimation through the selection of an appropriate discount rate. The warrants and options were estimated at their fair values using an option pricing model, which was dependent upon assumptions  and  key  inputs  such  as  our  common  stock  price  volatility,  risk  free  rates,  our  common  stock  price,  expected  terms  and  our  estimated probabilities of achievement of performance vesting conditions inherent in certain warrants.

Certain  gaming  licenses  and  trade  names  are  considered  to  be  indefinite  lived  based  on  future  expectations  of  operating  our  gaming  properties indefinitely, continuing to brand our corporate name and certain properties under the Bally's trade name indefinitely and continuing to indefinitely brand our online casino offerings within the International Interactive segment with the trade names acquired through the Gamesys acquisition. Intangible assets not  subject  to  amortization  are  reviewed  for  impairment  annually  as  of  October  1  and  between  annual  test  dates  whenever  events  or  changes  in circumstances may indicate that the carrying amount of the related asset may not be recoverable.

For its finite-lived intangible assets, we establish a useful life upon initial recognition based on the period over which the asset is expected to contribute to the future cash flows of the Company and periodically evaluates the remaining useful lives to determine whether events and circumstances warrant a revision  to  the  remaining  amortization  period.  Finite-lived  intangible  assets  are  amortized  over  their  remaining  useful  lives  in  a  pattern  in  which  the economic benefits of the intangible asset are consumed, which is generally on a straight-line basis.

## Valuation and Subsequent Measurement of Goodwill

Goodwill represents the excess future economic benefits of a business combination and is measured as the excess of consideration transferred over the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. Accounting for goodwill involves significant management judgment both in the initial measurement through purchase price allocations of business combinations and valuations of assets acquired within those business combinations and in the ongoing assessment of impairment. We are required to test goodwill for impairment at least annually and between annual tests if events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. We have elected to  perform  our  annual  tests  for  indications  of  goodwill  impairment  as  of  the  first  day  of  the  fourth  quarter  of  each  year.  We  test  for  goodwill impairment at the reporting unit level, which is at or one level below the operating segment level.

When assessing goodwill for impairment, first, qualitative factors are assessed to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. A qualitative impairment assessment involves analyzing relevant events and circumstances, with greater weight assigned to events and circumstances that most affect the fair value or the carrying amounts of a reporting unit's assets. Items that are generally considered include, but are not limited to, the following: macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions and overall financial performance. If the  results  of  the  qualitative  assessment  are  not  conclusive,  a  quantitative  goodwill  test  is  performed.  The  quantitative  goodwill  test  compares  the estimated fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying value (including goodwill and identifiable intangible assets). The fair value of a reporting unit is estimated using an income approach, whereby a discounted cash flow model is utilized and may also consider a market approach using guideline public company data. There are significant management judgments involved in estimating fair value through the use of a discounted cash flow model, which include, but not limited to, (i) projected financial information for the reporting unit and (ii) selecting an appropriate discount rate. If the reporting unit's estimated fair value exceeds its estimated net book value, goodwill is not impaired. An impairment is recognized if the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its estimated net book value, in an amount not to exceed the carrying value of the reporting unit's goodwill.

## Income Taxes

We prepare our income tax provision in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ('ASC') 740, Income Taxes. Under the asset and liability method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the consolidated financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that the rate change is enacted. A valuation allowance is required when it is 'more likely than not' that all or a portion of the deferred taxes will not be realized. The consolidated financial statements reflect expected future tax consequences of uncertain tax positions presuming the taxing authorities' full knowledge of the position and all relevant facts.

The allocation of shared costs and intangible assets among our subsidiaries in various U.S. domestic, state and international jurisdictions is an estimate based on the principles of IRC Section 482, 1060 and 338 which is a critical estimate in the computation of U.S. and international tax provisions.

The interpretation of the IRC regulations related to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Acts, as it pertains to Section 163(j), is a critical estimate in the computation of U.S. federal taxes, and conforming states.

## ITEM 7A.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices, such as interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. We are exposed to changes in interest rates primarily from variable rate long-term debt arrangements and foreign currency risk attributable to our operations outside of the US. Inflation generally affects us by increasing our cost of labor. Bally's does not believe that inflation had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations during the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 or 2019.

## Interest Rate Risk

As of December 31, 2021, interest on borrowings under our credit facility was subject to fluctuation based on changes in short-term interest rates. On December 31, 2021, we had $2.03 billion of variable rate debt outstanding under our Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facilities and $1.50 billion of unsecured senior notes. Based upon a sensitivity analysis of our debt levels on December 31, 2021, a hypothetical increase of 1% in the effective interest rate would cause an increase in interest expense of approximately $12.5 million over the next twelve months while a decrease of 1% in the effective interest rate, not to exceed the interest rate floor, would cause a decrease in interest expense of approximately $0.1 million over the same period.

We  evaluate  our  exposure  to  market  risk  by  monitoring  interest  rates  in  the  marketplace  and  we  have,  on  occasion,  utilized  derivative  financial instruments  to  help  manage  this  risk.  We  have  not  historically  utilized  derivative  financial  instruments  for  trading  purposes.  We  do  not  believe  that fluctuations in interest rates had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations during the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 or 2019.

## Foreign Currency Risk

We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates as a result of our net investments and operations in countries other than the US. A vast majority of our revenues are from the UK market and are conducted in GBP and are therefore susceptible to any movements in exchange rates between the GBP and USD. Foreign currency transaction losses, net of gains for the year ended December 31, 2021 was $33.5 million. Movements in currency exchange rates could impact the translation of assets and liabilities of these foreign operations which are translated at the exchange rate in effect on the balance sheet date. We have not historically used operational hedges or forward currency exchange rate contracts to manage the impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations on earnings and cash flows.

## ITEM 8.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

The financial statements listed below are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

## INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

| Page No.  Financial Statements:  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  (PCAOB ID 34)  45  Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2021 and 2020  47  Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019  48  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019  49  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019  50  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019  51  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  52  Financial Statement Schedule:  Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts  111   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying audited consolidated financial statements of Bally's Corporation (and together with its subsidiaries, the 'Company' or 'Bally's')) have been prepared in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-K and Regulation S-X and include all information and footnote disclosures necessary for complete financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the US ('US GAAP').

## REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Bally's Corporation

## Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Bally's Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive (loss) income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the 'financial statements'). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 1, 2022 (November 9, 2022 as to the effects of the material weaknesses described therein), expressed an adverse opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting because of the material weaknesses.

## Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted  our  audits  in  accordance  with  the  standards  of  the  PCAOB.  Those  standards  require  that  we  plan  and  perform  the  audit  to  obtain reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the  financial  statements  are  free  of  material  misstatement,  whether  due  to  error  or  fraud.  Our  audits  included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that  respond  to  those  risks.  Such  procedures  included  examining,  on  a  test  basis,  evidence  regarding  the  amounts  and  disclosures  in  the  financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Critical Audit Matter

The critical  audit  matter  communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

## Acquisition of Gamesys Group, Plc. - Refer to Notes 1 and 5 to the financial statements

## Critical Audit Matter Description

On October 1, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of Gamesys Group, Plc. for a purchase price of $2.6 billion. The Company accounted for this  acquisition  using  the  acquisition  method  of  accounting,  which  requires  the  assets  acquired  and  liabilities  assumed  be  recorded  at  the  date  of acquisition at their respective fair values. Accordingly, the purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values, including customer relationships, developed technology, and trade names. In determining the estimated fair value for acquired customer relationships, management utilized the multi period excess earnings method. In determining the estimated fair value for acquired developed technology and trade names, management utilized the relief from royalty income approach. Goodwill was recognized as the excess of the purchase price over the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed.

The fair value determination of these intangible assets requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to expected cash flows and projected financial results, including forecasted revenues (collectively the 'forecasts'), and the selection of the discount rate. Changes to these assumptions  could  result  in  a  significant  impact  on  the  recognition  of  the  acquired  customer  relationships,  developed  technology,  and  trade  name intangible  assets  and  the  determination  of  goodwill.  Therefore,  performing  audit  procedures  to  evaluate  the  reasonableness  of  these  assumptions required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists.

## How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

Our audit procedures related to the forecasts and the selection of the discount rate used by management to determine the fair value of the acquired intangible assets and the assigned goodwill included the following, among others:

- We tested the effectiveness of controls over the valuation of the customer relationship, developed technology and trade name intangible assets, including management's controls over the forecasts and the selection of the discount rate used.
- We evaluated the assumptions and estimates included in the forecasts by:
- Comparing the forecasts to information included in the Company's communications to the Board of Directors, gaming industry reports, and analyst reports for the Company and certain of its peer companies;
- Comparing the forecasts to historical financial results;
- Conducting inquiries with management; and
- Evaluating whether the forecasts were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit.
- With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the discount rate by:
- Testing the inputs underlying the determination of the discount rate and testing the mathematical accuracy of the calculation.
- Developing a range of independent estimates and comparing those to the discount rate selected by management.

## /s/ Deloitte &amp; Touche LLP

Stamford, Connecticut March 1, 2022 (November 9, 2022, as to Note 22 to the financial statements) We have served as the Company's auditor since 2015.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

(In thousands, except share data)

| December 31,  2021  2020  Assets  Cash and cash equivalents  $  206,193  $  123,445  Restricted cash  68,647  3,110  Accounts receivable, net  48,178  14,798  Inventory  11,489  9,296  Tax receivable  128,217  84,483  Prepaid expenses and other current assets  104,463  53,823  Total current assets  567,187  288,955  Property and equipment, net  838,651  749,029  Right of use assets, net  507,843  36,112  Goodwill  2,122,653  186,979  Intangible assets, net  2,477,952  663,395  Deferred tax asset  11,922  -  Other assets  27,009  5,385  Total assets  $  6,553,217  $  1,929,855  Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity  Current portion of long-term debt  $  19,450  $  5,750  Current portion of lease liabilities  24,506  1,520  Accounts payable  87,540  15,869  Accrued income taxes  37,208  -  Accrued liabilities  401,428  120,055  Total current liabilities  570,132  143,194  Long-term debt, net  3,426,777  1,094,105  Long-term portion of lease liabilities  506,475  62,025  Pension benefit obligations  4,647  9,215  Deferred tax liability  214,467  36,983  Naming rights liabilities  168,929  243,965  Contingent consideration payable  34,931  -  Other long-term liabilities  11,057  13,770  Total liabilities  4,937,415  1,603,257  Commitments and contingencies (Note 18)  Stockholders' equity:  Common stock ($0.01 par value; 200,000,000 shares authorized; 53,050,055 and 30,685,938 shares issued;  52,254,477 and 30,685,938 shares outstanding  530  307  Preferred stock ($0.01 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized; no shares outstanding)  -  -  Additional paid-in-capital  1,849,068  294,643  Treasury Stock, at cost, 795,578 and 0 shares as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively  (29,166)  -  Retained (deficit) earnings  (181,581)  34,792  Accumulated other comprehensive loss  (26,809)  (3,144)  Total Bally's Corporation stockholders' equity  1,612,042  326,598  Non-controlling interest  3,760  -  Total stockholders' equity  1,615,802  326,598  Total liabilities and stockholders' equity  $  6,553,217  $  1,929,855   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

(In thousands, except per share data)

| Years Ended December 31,  2021  2020  2019  Revenue:  Gaming  $  1,053,492  $  298,070  $  381,062  Hotel  95,356  24,742  38,988  Food and beverage  92,906  32,132  69,904  Retail, entertainment and other  80,689  17,848  33,623  Total revenue  1,322,443  372,792  523,577  Operating (income) costs and expenses:  Gaming  407,032  95,901  103,557  Hotel  30,511  10,144  14,841  Food and beverage  70,417  29,367  58,447  Retail, entertainment and other  27,119  3,257  8,327  Advertising, general and administrative  511,669  176,943  180,400  Goodwill and asset impairment  4,675  8,659  -  Expansion and pre-opening  1,772  921  -  Acquisition, integration and restructuring  71,288  13,257  12,168  Gain from insurance recoveries, net of losses  (19,313)  14,095  (1,181)  Rebranding  2,530  792  -  Gain on sale-leaseback  (53,425)  -  -  Contract termination  30,000  -  -  Depreciation and amortization  144,786  37,842  32,392  Total operating costs and expenses  1,229,061  391,178  408,951  Income (loss) from operations  93,382  (18,386)  114,626  Other income (expense):  Interest income  2,250  612  1,904  Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized  (120,174)  (63,248)  (39,830)  Change in value of naming rights liabilities  17,029  (57,660)  -  Gain on bargain purchases  22,841  63,871  -  Loss on extinguishment of debt  (103,007)  -  (1,703)  Foreign exchange loss, net  (33,461)  -  -  Other, net  2,066  -  183  Total other expense, net  (212,456)  (56,425)  (39,446)  (Loss) income before provision for income taxes  (119,074)  (74,811)  75,180  (Benefit) provision for income taxes  (4,377)  (69,324)  20,050  Net (loss) income  $  (114,697)  $  (5,487)  $  55,130  Basic (loss) income per share  $  (2.31)  $  (0.18)  $  1.46  Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic  49,643,991  31,315,151  37,705,179  Diluted (loss) income per share  $  (2.31)  $  (0.18)  $  1.46  Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted  49,643,991  31,315,151  37,819,617   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME

(In thousands)

| Years Ended December 31,  2021  2020  2019  Net (loss) income  $  (114,697)  $  (5,487)  $  55,130  Other comprehensive loss (income):  Foreign currency translation adjustments  (25,833)  -  -  Defined benefit pension plan:  Gains (losses) arising during the period  3,040  (1,844)  (2,740)  Reclassification adjustments  104  -  -  Tax effect  (976)  588  852  Net of tax amount  2,168  (1,256)  (1,888)  Other comprehensive loss  (23,665)  (1,256)  (1,888)  Total comprehensive (loss) income  $  (138,362)  $  (6,743)  $  53,242   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

(In thousands, except shares)

| Common Stock  Additional  Paid-in  Capital  Treasury  Stock  Retained  Earnings  Accumulated  Other  Comprehensive  Loss  Non-  controlling  Interest  Total  Stockholders'  Equity  Shares  Outstanding  Amount  Balance as of December 31, 2018  37,989,376  $  380  $  125,629  $  (30,233)  $  202,884  $  -  $  -  $  298,660  Release of restricted stock, net  226,817  2  (428)  -  -  -  -  (426)  Dividends and dividend equivalents - $0.20  per share  -  -  -  -  (7,596)  -  -  (7,596)  Share-based compensation  -  -  3,826  -  -  -  -  3,826  Retirement of treasury shares  -  -  (30,233)  30,233  -  -  -  -  Stock issued for purchase of Bally's Dover  2,976,825  30  86,750  -  -  -  -  86,780  Share repurchases (including tender offer)  (9,079,690)  -  -  (223,075)  -  -  -  (223,075)  Other comprehensive income  -  -  -  -  -  (1,888)  -  (1,888)  Net income  -  -  -  -  55,130  -  -  55,130  Balance as of December 31, 2019  32,113,328  412  185,544  (223,075)  250,418  (1,888)  -  211,411  Release of restricted stock and other stock  awards, net  365,439  4  (9,766)  -  -  -  -  (9,762)  Dividends and dividend equivalents - $0.10  per share  -  -  -  -  (3,174)  -  -  (3,174)  Share-based compensation  -  -  17,706  -  -  -  -  17,706  Retirement of treasury shares  -  (109)  (49,351)  256,367  (206,907)  -  -  -  Share repurchases  (1,812,393)  -  -  (33,292)  -  -  -  (33,292)  Stock options exercised  19,564  -  84  -  -  -  -  84  Issuance of penny warrants for naming rights  -  -  150,426  -  -  -  -  150,426  Adoption of ASU 2016-13  -  -  -  -  (58)  -  -  (58)  Other comprehensive loss  -  -  -  -  -  (1,256)  -  (1,256)  Net loss  -  -  -  -  (5,487)  -  -  (5,487)  Balance as of December 31, 2020  30,685,938  307  294,643  -  34,792  (3,144)  -  326,598  Release of restricted stock and other stock  awards, net  121,379  1  (3,260)  (116)  -  -  -  (3,375)  Share-based compensation  -  -  20,143  -  -  -  -  20,143  Retirement of treasury shares  -  (35)  (71,574)  173,285  (101,676)  -  -  -  Share repurchases  (2,188,532)  -  -  (87,024)  -  -  -  (87,024)  Stock options exercised  70,000  -  301  -  -  -  -  301  Reclassification of Sinclair options  -  -  59,724  -  -  -  -  59,724  Penny warrants exercised  932,949  9  -  (9)  -  -  -  -  Sinclair shares exchanged for penny  warrants  (2,086,908)  -  114,717  (114,717)  -  -  -  -  Sinclair issuance of penny warrants  -  -  50,000  -  -  -  -  50,000  Issuance of MKF penny warrants  -  -  64,694  -  -  -  -  64,694  Shares issued for purchase of SportCaller  221,391  2  11,774  -  -  -  -  11,776  Bally's Interactive equity issuance  2,074,723  21  121,479  (585)  -  -  -  120,915  Common stock offering  12,650,000  127  667,746  -  -  -  -  667,873  Shares issued for purchase of Gamesys  9,773,537  98  518,681  -  -  -  -  518,779  Acquired non-controlling interest  -  -  -  -  -  -  3,760  3,760  Other comprehensive loss  -  -  -  -  -  (23,665)  -  (23,665)  Net loss  -  -  -  -  (114,697)  -  -  (114,697)  Balance as of December 31, 2021  52,254,477  $  530  $  1,849,068  $  (29,166)  $ (181,581)  $  (26,809)  $  3,760  $  1,615,802   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

(In thousands)

| Years Ended December 31,  2021  2020  2019  Cash flows from operating activities:  Net (loss) income  $  (114,697)  $  (5,487)  $  55,130  Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities:  Depreciation and amortization  144,786  37,842  32,392  Non-cash lease expense  14,924  804  1,215  Share-based compensation  20,143  17,706  3,826  Goodwill and asset impairment  4,675  8,659  -  Amortization of debt issuance costs and debt discounts  7,557  4,636  2,684  Loss on extinguishment of debt  103,007  -  1,703  Gain from insurance recoveries  (18,660)  -  -  Storm related losses  -  14,408  -  Gain on sale-leaseback  (53,425)  -  -  Contract termination  30,000  -  -  Deferred income taxes  (5,217)  1,191  8,995  Loss on assets and liabilities measured at fair value  21,440  -  -  Change in value of naming rights liabilities  (17,029)  57,660  -  Change in contingent consideration payable  (23,503)  -  -  Gain on bargain purchases  (22,841)  (63,871)  -  Foreign exchange loss  33,461  -  -  Other operating activities  19,712  982  298  Change in current operating assets and liabilities  (61,579)  (55,028)  (12,143)  Net cash provided by operating activities  82,754  19,502  94,100  Cash flows from investing activities:  Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired  (2,274,221)  (425,063)  (9,606)  Proceeds from sale-leaseback  144,000  -  -  Deposit for acquisition of Bally's Quad Cities Casino &amp; Hotel  -  (4,000)  -  Foreign exchange forward contract premiums  (22,592)  -  -  Capital expenditures  (97,525)  (15,283)  (28,237)  Insurance proceeds from hurricane damage  18,660  -  -  Cash paid for internally developed software  (15,891)  -  -  Acquisition of gaming licenses  (30,159)  -  -  Other intangible asset acquisitions  (19,157)  -  -  Other investing activities  (19)  (500)  (1,082)  Net cash used in investing activities  (2,296,904)  (444,846)  (38,925)  Cash flows from financing activities:  Issuance of long-term debt  3,787,553  668,680  708,215  Repayments of long-term debt  (1,877,575)  (254,375)  (423,939)  Payment of financing fees  (65,297)  (1,734)  (4,340)  Payment of redemption premium on debt extinguishment  (67,857)  -  -  Share repurchases  (87,024)  (33,292)  (223,075)  Issuance of common stock, net  667,872  -  -  Issuance of Sinclair penny warrants  50,000  -  -  Payment of shareholder dividends  -  (3,204)  (7,539)  Other financing activities  (3,074)  (9,678)  (426)  Net cash provided by financing activities  2,404,598  366,397  48,896  Effect of foreign currency on cash and cash equivalents  (42,163)  -  -  Net change in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash  148,285  (58,947)  104,071  Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period  126,555  185,502  81,431  Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period  $  274,840  $  126,555  $  185,502  Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:  Cash paid for interest  $  65,927  $  57,234  $  35,040  Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds  42,291  3,835  16,519  Non-cash investing and financing activities:  Unpaid property and equipment  $  31,123  $  3,575  $  419  Unpaid trade name  -  20,000  -  Unpaid Naming Rights  -  332,313  -  Deposit applied to fixed asset purchases  -  -  981  Termination of operating leases via purchase of underlying assets  -  -  1,665  Stock issued for acquisition of Bally's Dover Casino Resort  -  -  86,780  Stock and equity instruments issued for acquisitions of SportCaller, Monkey Knife Fight, Bally's Interactive and  Gamesys  716,162  -  -  Acquisitions in exchange for contingent liability  58,685  -  -  Deferred purchase price payable  14,071  -  -  Deposit applied to acquisition purchase price  4,000  -  -  Non-controlling interest  3,760  -  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## 1.    GENERAL INFORMATION

## Description of Business

Bally's Corporation (the 'Company,' or 'Bally's'), formerly known as Twin River Worldwide Holdings, Inc., was formed on March 1, 2004. Bally's is a global  gaming,  hospitality  and  entertainment  company  with  casinos  and  resorts  and  online  gaming  ('iGaming')  business-to-business-to-consumer ('B2B2C') businesses. The Company owns and manages the following casino and resort properties:

| Casinos and Resorts  Location  Type  Built/Acquired  Bally's Twin River Lincoln Casino Resort ('Bally's Twin River')  Lincoln, Rhode Island  Casino and Resort  2004  Bally's Arapahoe Park  Aurora, Colorado  Racetrack/OTB Site  2004  Hard Rock Hotel &amp; Casino Biloxi ('Hard Rock Biloxi')  Biloxi, Mississippi  Casino and Resort  2014  Bally's Tiverton Casino &amp; Hotel ('Bally's Tiverton')  Tiverton, Rhode Island  Casino and Hotel  2018  Bally's Dover Casino Resort ('Bally's Dover')  Dover, Delaware  Casino, Resort and Raceway  2019  Bally's Black Hawk  Black Hawk, Colorado  Three Casinos  2020  Bally's Kansas City Casino ('Bally's Kansas City')  Kansas City, Missouri  Casino  2020  Bally's Vicksburg Casino ('Bally's Vicksburg')  Vicksburg, Mississippi  Casino and Hotel  2020  Bally's Atlantic City Casino Resort ('Bally's Atlantic City')  Atlantic City, New Jersey  Casino and Hotel  2020  Bally's Shreveport Casino &amp; Hotel ('Bally's Shreveport')  Shreveport, Louisiana  Casino and Hotel  2020  Bally's Lake Tahoe Casino Resort ('Bally's Lake Tahoe')  Lake Tahoe, Nevada  Casino and Resort  2021  Bally's Evansville Casino &amp; Hotel ('Bally's Evansville')  Evansville, Indiana  Casino and Hotel  2021  Bally's Quad Cities Casino &amp; Hotel ('Bally's Quad Cities')  Rock Island, Illinois  Casino and Hotel  2021  (1)  (3)  (2)  (3)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(1)    During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company updated its reportable segments to better align with its strategic growth initiatives in light of recent acquisitions. Refer to Note 19 'Segment Reporting' for further information.

- (2)    Includes Bally's Black Hawk North Casino, Bally's Black Hawk West Casino and Bally's Black Hawk East Casino.
- (3)    Properties leased from Gaming and Leisure Properties, Inc. ('GLPI') under the Master Lease agreement. Refer to Note 13 'Leases' for further information.

Under the North America Interactive reportable segment, the Company owns and manages the following businesses:

- Bally's Interactive, a B2B2C sportsbook and iCasino provider and operator;
- Horses Mouth Limited ('SportCaller'), a business-to-business ('B2B') free-to-play game provider for sports betting companies;
- Monkey Knife Fight ('MKF'), a business-to-consumer gaming platform and daily fantasy sports operator;
- Joker  Gaming,  known  as  Live  at  the  Bike,  an  online  subscription  streaming  service  featuring  livestream  and  on-demand  poker  videos  and podcasts;
- the  Association  of  Volleyball  Professionals  ('AVP'),  a  premier  professional  beach  volleyball  organization  and  host  of  the  longest-running domestic beach volleyball tour in the United States ('US');
- Telescope  Inc.  ('Telescope'),  a  leading  provider  of  real-time  audience  engagement  solutions  for  live  events,  gamified  second  screen experiences and interactive livestreams; and
- Degree 53, a United Kingdom ('UK')-based creative agency that specializes in multi-channel website and personalized mobile app and software development for the online gambling and sports industries.

The North America Interactive reportable segment also includes the North American operations of Gamesys.

The Company's International Interactive reportable segment includes the interactive activities in Europe and Asia of Gamesys Group, Plc. ('Gamesys'), a B2B2C iCasino and online bingo platform provider and operator, acquired by the Company on October 1, 2021, and Solid Gaming, a games content aggregation business.

## Gamesys Acquisition

On October 1, 2021, the Company completed its acquisition of Gamesys for  9,773,537 shares of Bally's common stock and approximately £ 1.537 billion in cash (the 'Acquisition').

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Based on the October 1, 2021 closing price of $ 53.08 per share of the Company's common stock and a foreign exchange rate of  1.354, the aggregate consideration  paid  to  former  Gamesys  shareholders  in  connection  with  the  Acquisition  was  approximately  $2.60  billion.  Consideration  paid  includes $518.8 million in shares and $ 2.08 billion in cash. See Note 5 'Acquisitions' for further information.

In connection with the Acquisition, the Company refinanced its and Gamesys' debt with, among other sources, the proceeds of the senior notes offering completed in August 2021, a new bank credit facility entered into on October 1, 2021 and the Company's common stock offering completed in April 2021. See Note 12 'Long-Term Debt' and Note 15 'Stockholders' Equity' for further information.

## COVID-19 Pandemic

The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly impacted the Company's business. As of March 16, 2020, all of the Company's properties at the time were closed as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Company's properties began to reopen in mid-2020 in some capacity and remained open for the rest of 2020, with the exception of Bally's Twin River and Bally's Tiverton, each of which closed again from November 29, 2020 through December 20, 2020. As of December 31, 2021, the Company's properties have returned to full capacity with minimal restrictions. Although the Company is experiencing positive  trends  as  a  result  of  the  reopening  of  its  properties,  the  COVID-19  pandemic  is  ongoing  and  future  developments,  which  are  uncertain  and cannot be predicted at this time, could have a material negative impact on operations.

## 2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## Principles of Consolidation

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ('US GAAP') and include the accounts of the Company, its majority-owned subsidiaries and entities the Company identifies as variable interest  entities  ('VIEs'),  of  which  the  Company  is  determined  to  be  the  primary  beneficiary.  All  intercompany  balances  and  transactions  have  been eliminated in consolidation. Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year's presentation.

## Variable Interest Entities

The Company evaluates entities for which control is achieved through means other than voting rights to determine if it is the primary beneficiary of a VIE. An entity  is  a  VIE  if  it  has  any  of  the  following  characteristics  (i)  has  insufficient  equity  to  permit  the  entity  to  finance  its  activities  without  additional subordinated financial support (ii) equity holders, as a group, lack the characteristics of a controlling financial interest or (iii) the entity is structured with non-substantive voting rights. The primary beneficiary of the VIE is generally the entity that has (a) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly  impact  the  VIE's  economic  performance  and  (b)  the  obligation  to  absorb  losses  or  the  right  to  receive  benefits  that  could  potentially  be significant to the VIE. The Company consolidates its investment in a VIE when it determines that it is its primary beneficiary.

In determining whether it is the primary beneficiary of the VIE, the Company considers qualitative and quantitative factors, including, but not limited to: which activities most significantly impact the VIE's economic performance and which party controls such activities; and significance of the Company's investment and other means of participation in the VIE's expected profits/losses. Significant judgments related to these determinations include estimates about the current and future fair values and performance of assets held by these VIEs and general market conditions.

Management has analyzed and concluded that Breckenridge Curacao B.V. is a VIE because it does not have sufficient equity investment at risk. The Company has determined that it is the primary beneficiary and consolidates the VIE because (a) although the Company does not control all decisions of the VIE, the Company has the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact its economic performance through various contracts with the entity and (b) the nature of these agreements between the VIE and the Company provides the Company with the obligation to absorb losses and the right to receive benefits based on fees that are based upon off-market rates and commensurate to the level of services provided. The Company receives significant benefits in the form of fees that are not at market and commensurate to the level of services provided. As a result, the Company consolidates all of the assets, liabilities and results of operations of the VIE and its subsidiaries in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. As of December 31, 2021, on a consolidated basis, Breckenridge Curacao B.V. had total assets of $85.4 million, total liabilities of $ 75.2  million  and revenues of $79.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021.

The Company may change its original assessment of a VIE upon subsequent events such as the modification of contractual arrangements that affect the characteristics or adequacy of the entity's equity investments at risk and the disposition of all or a portion of an interest held by the primary beneficiary. The Company performs this analysis on an ongoing basis.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Financial Statements

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of  assets  and  liabilities  and  revenues  and  expenses  and  related  disclosures  of  contingent  assets  and  liabilities.  On  an  ongoing  basis,  the Company evaluates its estimates and judgments including those related to contingent value rights, the allowance for doubtful accounts, valuation of goodwill and intangible assets, recoverability and useful lives of tangible and intangible long-lived assets, accruals for players club card incentives and for potential liabilities related to any lawsuits or claims brought against the Company, fair value of financial instruments, capitalized software development costs, stock compensation and valuation allowances for deferred tax assets. The Company bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and other relevant factors impacting the carrying value of assets and liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

## Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash

The Company considers all cash balances and highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.

Restricted cash as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 was $ 68.6 million and $3.1 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, restricted cash consisted primarily of player deposits and payment service provider deposits in connection with the Company's Gamesys' operations. Restricted cash also includes Video Lottery Terminals ('VLT') and table games cash payable to the State of Rhode Island and certain cash accounts at other properties, which are unavailable for the Company's use. The following table reconciles cash and restricted cash in the consolidated balance sheets to the total shown on the consolidated statements of cash flows.

| December 31,  (in thousands)  2021  2020  2019  Cash and cash equivalents  $  206,193  $  123,445  $  182,581  Restricted cash  68,647  3,110  2,921  Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash  $  274,840  $  126,555  $  185,502   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Concentrations of Credit Risk

The Company's financial instruments which potentially expose the Company to concentrations of credit risk consisted of cash and cash equivalents and trade receivables. The Company maintains cash with financial institutions in excess of federally insured limits, however, management believes the credit risk is mitigated by the quality of the institutions holding such deposits. For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, gaming revenue from the State of Rhode Island accounted for 19%, 30% and 46% of total revenues, respectively. Based on the Master Video Lottery Terminal Contract with the State of Rhode Island and historical experience, the Company's management believes any credit risk related to amounts owed to the Company by the State of Rhode Island to be minimal.

## Accounts Receivable, Net

Accounts receivable, net consists of the following:

| December 31,  (in thousands)  2021  2020  Accounts due from Rhode Island and Delaware  $  10,575  $  3,880  Gaming receivables  10,576  7,893  Non-gaming receivables  31,481  6,092  Accounts receivable, net  52,632  17,865  Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts  (4,454)  (3,067)  Accounts receivable, net  $  48,178  $  14,798  (1)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(1)    Represents the Company's share of VLT and table games revenue for Bally's Twin River and Bally's Tiverton due from the State of Rhode Island and from the State of Delaware for Bally's Dover.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

An  allowance  for  doubtful  accounts  is  determined  to  reduce  the  Company's  receivables  to  their  carrying  value,  which  approximates  fair  value.  The allowance is estimated based on historical collection experience, current economic and business conditions and forecasts that affect the collectability and review of individual customer accounts and any other known information. The activity for the allowance for doubtful accounts is as follows:

| December 31,  (in thousands)  2021  2020  2019  Balance at beginning of year  $  3,067  $  1,296  $  1,009  Charges to expense  1,717  353  239  Deductions  (701)  (653)  (16)  Acquisitions  371  2,013  64  Other adjustments  -  58  -  Balance at end of year  $  4,454  $  3,067  $  1,296  (1)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(1)    Adjustment resulting from adoption of Accounting Standard Update ('ASU') 2016-13.

## Inventory

Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value on a first-in, first-out basis and consists primarily of food, beverage, promotional items and other supplies.

## Prepaid Expenses and Other Assets

As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, prepaid expenses and other assets was comprised of the following:

| December 31,  (in thousands)  2021  2020  Services and license agreements  $  21,496  $  5,825  Sales tax  18,308  -  Due from payment service providers  15,984  -  Prepaid marketing  10,066  641  Prepaid insurance  9,637  5,654  Deposits  8,748  4,674  Purse funds  8,286  5,667  Unbilled revenue  7,759  -  Contingent consideration receivable  -  27,909  Other  4,179  3,453  Total prepaid expenses and other current assets  $  104,463  $  53,823   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Property and Equipment

Property  and  equipment  are  stated  at  cost,  net  of  accumulated  depreciation  and  impairment  losses,  if  applicable.  Expenditures  for  renewals  and betterments that extend the life or value of an asset are capitalized and expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred. The costs and related accumulated depreciation applicable to assets sold or disposed are removed from the balance sheet accounts and the resulting gains or losses are reflected in the consolidated statements of operations. Depreciation is recorded using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets or the released lease term, if any, as follows:

| Years  Land improvements  3-40  Building and improvements  3-40  Equipment  2-10  Furniture and fixtures  2-10   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Development costs directly associated with the Acquisition, development and construction of a project are capitalized as a cost of the project during the periods  in  which  activities  necessary  to  prepare  the  property  for  its  intended  use  are  in  progress.  Interest  costs  associated  with  major  construction projects are capitalized as part of the cost of the constructed assets. When no debt is incurred specifically for a project, interest is capitalized on amounts expended for the project using the weighted-average cost of borrowing. Capitalization of interest ceases when the project (or discernible portions of the project) is substantially complete. If substantially all of the construction activities of a project are suspended, capitalization of interest will cease until such activities are resumed. During the year ended December 31, 2021 there was $ 0.2 million of capitalized interest. There was no capitalized interest in the year ended December 31, 2020.

As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, property and equipment was comprised of the following:

| December 31,  2021  2020  Land  $  75,328  $  78,506  Land improvements  34,704  29,965  Building and improvements  650,837  635,145  Equipment  182,006  125,667  Furniture and fixtures  47,258  30,277  Construction in process  53,715  8,799  Total property, plant and equipment  1,043,848  908,359  Less: Accumulated depreciation  (205,197)  (159,330)  Property and equipment, net  $  838,651  $  749,029   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Construction in process relates to costs capitalized in conjunction with major improvements that have not yet been placed in service and accordingly are not currently being depreciated. The construction in process balance at December 31, 2021 included $33.8 million, primarily attributable to projects at Bally's Atlantic City, Bally's Twin River and Bally's Kansas City.

Depreciation expense relating to property and equipment was $ 53.7 million, $33.0 million and $26.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

## Leases

The Company determines if a contract is or contains a lease at the contract inception date or the date in which a modification of an existing contract occurs.  A  contract  is  or  contains  a  lease  if  the  contract  conveys  the  right  to  control  the  use  of  an  identified  asset  for  a  period  in  exchange  for consideration. Control over the use of the identified asset means the lessee has both (i) the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from the use of the identified asset throughout the period of use and (ii) the right to direct the use of the identified asset.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Upon  adoption  of  Accounting  Standard  Codification  ('ASC')  842, Leases ,  ('ASC  842')  the  Company  elected  to  account  for  lease  and  non-lease components as a single component for all classes of underlying assets. Additionally, the Company elected to not recognize short-term leases (defined as leases that are less than 12 months and do not contain purchase options) within the consolidated balance sheets.

The Company recognizes a lease liability for the present value of lease payments at the lease commencement date using its incremental borrowing rate commensurate  with  the  lease  term  based  on  information  available  at  the  commencement  date,  unless  the  rate  implicit  in  the  lease  is  readily determinable.

Certain of the Company's leases include renewal options and escalation clauses; renewal options are included in the calculation of the lease liabilities and  right  of  use  assets  when  the  Company  determines  it  is  reasonably  certain  to  exercise  the  options.  Variable  expenses  generally  represent  the Company's share of the landlord's operating expenses and consumer price index ('CPI') increases. The Company does not have any leases classified as financing leases. Rent expense associated with the Company's long and short term leases and their associated variable expenses are reported in total operating costs and expenses within the consolidated statements of operations.

## Goodwill

Goodwill consists of the excess of acquisition costs over the fair value of net assets acquired in business combinations. Goodwill is not amortized, but is reviewed for impairment annually as of October 1st, or when events or changes in the business environment indicate that the carrying value of the reporting unit may exceed its fair value, by comparing the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill.

When assessing goodwill for impairment, first, qualitative factors are assessed to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting  unit  is  less  than  its  carrying  value.  Items  that  are  considered  in  the  qualitative  assessment  include,  but  are  not  limited  to,  the  following: macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions and overall financial performance. If the results of the qualitative assessment indicate it is more  likely  than  not  that  a  reporting  units  carrying  value  exceeds  its  fair  value,  or  if  the  Company  elects  to  bypass  the  qualitative  assessment,  a quantitative goodwill test is performed. The quantitative goodwill test compares the estimated fair value of each reporting unit with its estimated net book value (including goodwill and identifiable intangible assets). If the reporting unit's estimated fair value exceeds its estimated net book value, goodwill is not impaired. An impairment is recognized if the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its estimated net book value, in an amount not to exceed the carrying value of the reporting unit's goodwill. Refer to Note 6 'Goodwill and Intangible Assets' for further information.

## Intangible Assets

The Company's intangible assets primarily consist of customer relationships, developed technology, internally developed software, gaming licenses and trade names. The Company also has a Naming rights intangible asset obtained through the Sinclair Agreement (as defined herein). Refer to Note 10 'Sinclair Agreement' for further information regarding the Sinclair Broadcast Group ('Sinclair') naming rights.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For its finite-lived intangible assets, the Company establishes a useful life upon initial recognition based on the period over which the asset is expected to contribute to the future cash flows of the Company and periodically evaluates the remaining useful lives to determine whether events and circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining amortization period. Finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their remaining useful lives in a pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible asset are consumed, which is generally on a straight-line basis.

Customer Relationships - The Company considers customer relationships to be finite-lived intangible assets, which are amortized over their estimated useful lives, and are recognized as the result of a business combination.

Developed Technology - Developed technology relates to the design and development of sports betting and casino gaming software and online gaming products acquired through the Company's acquisitions of the businesses within the North America Interactive and International Interactive segments. Developed technology is considered to be a finite-lived intangible asset, which are amortized over their estimated useful lives, which is generally between three to 10 years.

Internally Developed Software - Software that is developed for internal use is accounted for pursuant to ASC 350-40, Intangibles, Goodwill and Other Internal-Use Software . Qualifying costs incurred to develop internal-use software are capitalized when (i) the preliminary project stage is completed, (ii) management has authorized further funding for the completion of the project and (iii) it is probable that the project will be completed and perform as intended. These capitalized costs include compensation for employees who develop internal-use software and external costs related to development of internal use software. Capitalization of these costs ceases once the project is substantially complete and the software is ready for its intended purpose. Once placed into service, internally developed software is amortized on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life, which is generally five years. All other expenditures, including those incurred in order to maintain an intangible asset's current level of performance, are expensed as incurred.

Gaming Licenses and Trade Names - Certain gaming licenses and trade names classified as finite-lived are amortized over their estimated useful lives. The Company also has certain gaming licenses, including its VLT licenses, and trade names, which are considered to be indefinite lived based on future expectations  of  operating  its  gaming  properties  indefinitely,  continuing  to  brand  its  corporate  name  and  certain  properties  under  Bally's  trade  name indefinitely  and  continuing  to  indefinitely  brand  its  online  casino  offerings  within  the  International  Interactive  segment  with  the  trade  names  acquired through the Gamesys acquisition. Intangible assets not subject to amortization are reviewed for impairment annually as of October 1 and between annual test dates whenever events or changes in circumstances may indicate that the carrying amount of the related asset may not be recoverable.

Refer to Note 6 'Goodwill and Intangible Assets' for further information.

## Long-lived Assets

The Company reviews its long-lived assets, other than goodwill and intangible assets not subject to amortization, for indicators of impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If an asset is still under development, the analysis includes the remaining construction costs. Cash flows expected to be generated by the related assets are estimated over the assets' useful lives based  on  updated  projections.  If  the  evaluation  indicates  that  the  carrying  amount  of  an  asset  may  not  be  recoverable,  the  potential  impairment  is measured based on a fair value discounted cash flow model.

## Debt Issuance Costs and Debt Discounts

Debt  issuance  costs  and  debt  discounts  incurred  by  the  Company  in  connection  with  obtaining  and  amending  financing  have  been  included  as  a component of the carrying amount of debt in the consolidated balance sheets.

Debt issuance costs and debt discounts are amortized over the contractual term of the debt to interest expense. Debt issuance costs of the revolving credit  facility  are  amortized  on  a  straight-line  basis,  while  all  other  debt  issuance  costs  and  debt  discounts  are  amortized  using  the  effective  interest method. Amortization of debt issuance costs and debt discounts included in interest expense was $ 7.6 million, $4.6 million and $2.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

## Self-Insurance Reserves

The Company is self-insured for employee medical insurance coverage up to an individual stop loss of $ 100,000 in 2021, 2020 and 2019. Self-insurance liabilities are estimated based on the Company's claims experience using actuarial methods to estimate the future cost of claims and related expenses that have been reported but not settled and that have been incurred but not yet reported. The self-insurance liabilities are included in 'Accrued liabilities' in the consolidated balance sheets. Such amounts were $4.2 million and $3.3 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## Share-Based Compensation

The  Company  accounts  for  its  share-based  compensation  in  accordance  with  ASC  718, Compensation  -  Stock  Compensation ('ASC  718').  The Company has two share-based employee compensation plans, which are described more fully in Note 14 'Equity Plans.' Share-based compensation consists  of  stock  options,  time-based  restricted  stock  units  ('RSUs'),  restricted  stock  awards  ('RSAs')  and  performance-based  restricted  stock  units ('PSUs'). The grant date closing price per share of the Company's stock is used to estimate the fair value of RSUs and RSAs. Stock options are granted at  exercise prices equal to the fair market value of the Company's stock at the dates of grant. The Company recognizes share-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the individual grants. The Company's Chief Executive Officer and certain of its other executive officers or members of senior management have been granted PSUs which vest, when and if earned, in accordance with the terms of the related PSU award agreements. The Company recognizes share-based compensation expense based on the target number of shares of common stock that may be earned pursuant to the award and the Company's stock price on the date of grant and subsequently adjusts expense based on actual and forecasted performance compared to planned targets. Forfeitures are recognized as reductions to share-based compensation when they occur.

## Warrant/Option Liabilities

The Company accounts for the warrants and options issued to Sinclair under the Sinclair Agreement in accordance with ASC 815-40, Contracts in an Entity's Own Equity . The Penny Warrants are classified in equity because they are indexed to the Company's own stock and meet all conditions for equity classification. The Performance Warrants and Options were classified as liabilities as of December 31, 2020 because they could have been required to be settled in cash, outside the Company's control, prior to formal stockholder approval. The warrants and options were initially recorded at their fair values on the date of issuance and the Performance Warrants and Options are marked to market each reporting period, with changes in fair value recorded in 'Change in value of naming rights liabilities' in the consolidated statements of operations. Refer to Note 10 'Sinclair Agreement' for further information.

## Sequencing Policy

Under  ASC  815-40-35,  the  Company  has  adopted  a  sequencing  policy  to  determine  equity  or  asset/liability  classification  for  contracts  involving  the Company's own equity that require cash settlement if sufficient shares are not available to settle the contracts in equity. Under this policy, the Company has elected to allocate available shares to contracts based on the order in which they become exercisable.

## Revenue

The Company accounts for revenue earned from contracts with customers under ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ('ASC 606'). The Company generates revenue from five principal sources: gaming services, which also includes racing, hotel, food and beverage and other. Refer to Note 4 'Revenue Recognition' for further information.

## Gaming Expenses

Gaming expenses include, among other things, payroll costs and expenses associated with the operation of VLTs, slots and table games, including gaming taxes payable to jurisdictions in which the Company operates outside of Rhode Island and Delaware, and advertising costs directly associated with the sale of the Company's interactive gaming products and services. Gaming expenses also includes racing expenses comprised of payroll costs, off track betting ('OTB') commissions and other expenses associated with the operation of live racing and simulcasting.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Advertising Expense

The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred.  For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, advertising expense was  $68.3 million, $4.5 million and $7.6 million, respectively. Advertising expense attributable to the Company's interactive business included within Gaming expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 was $61.4 million.

## Expansion and Pre-opening Expenses

Expansion and pre-opening expenses are charged to expense as incurred. The Company defines pre-opening expenses as costs incurred before the property  commences  commercial  operations  and  defines  expansion  expenses  as  costs  incurred  in  connection  with  the  opening  of  a  new  facility  or significant  expansion  of  an  existing  property.  Costs  classified  as  expansion  and  pre-opening  costs  consist  primarily  of  marketing,  master  planning, conceptual design fees and legal and professional fees that are not eligible for capitalization. Expansion and pre-opening costs for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were $1.8 million and $0.9  million,  respectively.  There  were  no  expansion  and  pre-opening  costs  for  the  year  ended December 31, 2019.

## Gain From Insurance Recoveries, Net of Losses

Gain  from  insurance  recoveries,  net  of  losses  relate  to  losses  incurred  resulting  from  storms  impacting  the  Company's  properties,  net  of  insurance recovery proceeds. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded a gain from insurance recoveries of $19.3 million compared to storm related losses of $14.1 million, respectively, primarily attributable to the effects of Hurricane Zeta which made landfall in Louisiana shutting down the Company's Hard Rock Biloxi property for three days during the fourth quarter of 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company recorded a gain on insurance recoveries of $1.2 million for proceeds received on a damaged roof at the Company's Arapahoe Park racetrack in Aurora, Colorado.

## Interest Expense

Interest  expense is comprised of interest costs for the Company's debt and amortization of debt issuance costs and debt discounts, net of amounts capitalized for construction projects. Interest expense recorded in the consolidated statements of operations totaled $ 120.2 million, $63.2  million  and $39.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

## Income Taxes

The Company prepares its income tax provision in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes . Under the asset and liability method, deferred tax assets and liabilities  are  recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that the rate change is enacted. A valuation allowance is required when it is 'more likely than not' that all or a portion of the deferred taxes will not be realized. The consolidated financial statements reflect expected future tax consequences of uncertain tax positions presuming the taxing authorities' full knowledge of the position and all relevant facts.

## Foreign Currency

The  Company's  functional  currency  is  the  US  Dollar  ('USD').  Foreign  subsidiaries  with  a  functional  currency  other  than  USD  translate  assets  and liabilities at current exchange rates at the end of the reporting periods, while income and expense accounts are translated at average exchange rates for the respective periods. Translation adjustments resulting from this process are recorded to other comprehensive income (loss). Gains or losses from foreign currency remeasurements that arise from exchange rate fluctuations on transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are included in 'Other, net' on the consolidated statements of operations.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comprehensive (Loss) Income

Comprehensive (loss) income includes changes in equity that result from transactions and economic events from non-owner sources. Comprehensive (loss) income consists of net (loss) income, changes in defined benefit pension plan, net of tax and the effect of fluctuations in foreign currency rates on the values of the Company's foreign investments.

## Treasury Stock

The Company records the repurchase of shares of common stock at cost based on the settlement date of the transaction. These shares are classified as treasury stock, which is a reduction to stockholders' equity. Treasury stock is included in authorized and issued shares but excluded from outstanding shares.

## Business Combinations

The Company accounts for its acquisitions in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations . The Company initially allocates the purchase price of an acquisition to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values, with any excess of consideration transferred recorded as goodwill. If the estimated fair value of net assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the purchase price, the Company records a gain on bargain purchase in earnings in the period of acquisition. The results of operations of acquisitions are included in the consolidated financial statements from their respective dates of acquisition. Costs incurred to complete the business combination such as investment banking, legal and other professional fees are not  considered  part  of  consideration  and  are  charged  to  acquisition,  integration  and  restructuring  expense  as  they  are  incurred.  Refer  to  Note  5 'Acquisitions' and Note 11 'Acquisition, Integration and Restructuring Expense' for further information.

## Segments

Operating segments are identified as components of an enterprise that engage in business activities from which it recognizes revenues and expenses, and for  which  discrete  financial  information  is  available  and  regularly  reviewed  by  the  chief  operating  decision-maker  in  making  decisions  regarding resource allocation  and  assessing  performance.  During  the  fourth  quarter  of  2021,  the  Company  updated  its  reportable  segments.  Refer  to  Note  19 'Segment Reporting' for further information.

## Statement of Cash Flows

The Company has presented the consolidated statements of cash flows using the indirect method, which involves the reconciliation of net income to net cash flow from operating activities.

## Fair Value Measurements

Fair value is determined using the principles of ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement . Fair value is described as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value hierarchy prioritizes and defines the inputs to valuation techniques as follows:

- Level 1: Observable quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.
- Level 2: Inputs are observable for the asset or liability either directly or through corroboration with observable market data.
- Level 3: Unobservable inputs.

The inputs used to measure the fair value of an asset or a liability are categorized within levels of the fair value hierarchy. The fair value measurement is categorized in its entirety in the same level of the fair value hierarchy as the lowest level input that is significant to the measurement. Refer to Note 8 'Fair Value Measurements' for further information.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3.    RECENTLY ISSUED AND ADOPTED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

## Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements

## Standards implemented

In  June  2016,  the  FASB  issued  ASU  No.  2016-13, Financial  Instruments-Credit  Losses  (Topic  326)-Measurement  of  Credit  Losses  on  Financial Instruments ('ASC  326').  This  standard  amends  several  aspects  of  the  measurement  of  credit  losses  on  financial  instruments,  including  trade receivables. The standard replaces the existing incurred credit loss model with the Current Expected Credit Losses ('CECL ') model and amends certain aspects  of  accounting  for  purchased  financial  assets  with  deterioration  in  credit  quality  since  origination.  Under  CECL,  the  allowance  for  losses  for financial assets that are measured at amortized cost reflects management's estimate of credit losses over the remaining expected life of the financial assets, based on historical experience, current conditions and forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amount. In November 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-19, Codification Improvements to Topic 326, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses , to clarify that receivables arising from operating leases are not within the scope of ASC 326 and should instead, be accounted for in accordance with ASC 842. The standard is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2019. Adoption is through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is effective (a modified-retrospective approach). The Company adopted this ASU in the first quarter of 2020 and recorded a $58,000 negative adjustment to retained earnings as of January 1, 2020.

In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-13, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820),-Disclosure Framework-Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement ,  which makes a number of changes meant to add, modify or remove certain disclosure requirements associated with the movement amongst or hierarchy associated with Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 fair value measurements. This guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company adopted this ASU in the first quarter of 2020, with no impact to its consolidated financial statements.

In  August 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-14, Compensation-Retirement Benefits-Defined Benefit Plans-General .  This  amendment improves disclosures over defined benefit plans and is effective for interim and annual periods ending after December 15, 2020, with early adoption permitted. The Company's adoption of this ASU in the first quarter of 2021 did not have a material impact to its consolidated financial statements.

In  December 2019, the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740)-Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes .  This  amendment serves  to  simplify  the  accounting  for  income  taxes  by  removing  certain  exceptions  to  the  general  principles  in  ASC  Topic  740,  Income  Taxes.  The amendment also improves the consistent application of ASC Topic 740 by clarifying and amending existing guidance. This amendment is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2020, with early adoption permitted. The Company's adoption of this ASU in the first quarter of 2021, did not have a material impact to its consolidated financial statements.

## Standards to be implemented

In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805) - Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers . The amendments in this update address diversity in practice and inconsistency related to recognition of an acquired contract liability  and  the  effect  of  payment  terms  on  subsequent  revenue  recognition  for  the  acquirer.  This  update  is  effective  for  fiscal  years  beginning  after December 15, 2022 and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of this amendment on its consolidated financial statements.

## 4 .     REVENUE RECOGNITION

The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with ASC 606 which requires companies to recognize revenue in a way that depicts the transfer of promised goods or serves. In addition, the standard requires more detailed disclosures to enable readers of the financial statements to understand the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The Company generates revenue from four principal sources: gaming (which includes retail gaming, online gaming, sports betting and racing), hotel, food and beverage and retail entertainment and other.

The Company determines revenue recognition through the following steps:

- Identify the contract, or contracts, with the customer;
- Identify the performance obligations in the contract;
- Determine the transaction price;
- Allocate the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract; and
- Recognize revenue when or as the Company satisfies performance obligations by transferring the promised good or services

The Company is currently engaged in gaming services, which include retail, online and racing. Additional services include hotel, food and beverage. The amount of revenue recognized by the Company is measured at the transaction price or the amount of consideration that the Company expects to receive through satisfaction of the identified performance obligations.

Retail gaming, online gaming and sports betting revenue, each as described below, contain a single performance obligation. Retail gaming transactions have an obligation to honor the outcome of a wager and to payout an amount equal to the stated odds, including the return of the initial wager, if the customer  receives  a  winning  hand.  These  elements  of  honoring  the  outcome  of  the  hand  of  play  and  generating  a  payout  are  considered  one performance obligation. Online gaming and sports betting represent a single performance obligation for the Company to operate contests or games and award prizes or payouts to users based on results of the arrangement. Revenue is recognized at the conclusion of each contest, wager or wagering game hand. Incentives can be used across online gaming products. The Company allocates a portion of the transaction price to certain customer incentives that create material future customer rights and are a separate performance obligation. In addition, in the event of a multi-stage contest, the Company will allocate  transaction  price  ratably  from  contest  start  to  the  contest's  final  stage.  Racing  revenue  is  earned  through  advance  deposit  wagering  which consists of patrons wagering through an advance deposit account. Each wagering contract contains a single performance obligation.

The transaction price for a gaming wagering contract is the difference between gaming wins and losses, not the total amount wagered. The transaction price for racing operations, inclusive of live racing events conducted at the Company's racing facilities, is the commission received from the pari-mutuel pool less contractual fees and obligations primarily consisting of purse funding requirements, simulcasting fees, tote fees and certain pari-mutuel taxes that are directly related to the racing operations. The transaction price for food and beverage and hotel is the net amount collected from the customer for such goods and services. Hotel, food and beverage services have been determined to be separate, stand-alone performance obligations and revenue is recognized as the good or service is transferred at the point in time of the transaction.

The following contains a description of each of the Company's revenue streams:

## Gaming Revenue

## Retail Gaming

The Company recognizes retail gaming revenue as the net win from gaming activities, which is the difference between gaming inflows and outflows, not the total amount wagered. Progressive jackpots are estimated and recognized as revenue at the time the obligation to pay the jackpot is established. Gaming revenues are recognized net of certain cash and free play incentives.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Gaming services contracts have two performance obligations for those customers earning incentives under the Company's player loyalty programs and a single performance obligation for customers who do not participate in the programs. The Company applies a practical expedient to account for its gaming contracts on a portfolio basis as such wagers have similar characteristics and the Company reasonably expects the impact on the consolidated financial statements of applying the revenue recognition guidance to the portfolio would not differ materially application to an individual wagering contract. For purposes of  allocating  the  transaction  price  in  a  wagering  contract  between  the  wagering  performance  obligation  and  the  obligation  associated  with incentives earned under loyalty programs, the Company allocates an amount to the loyalty program contract liability based on the stand-alone selling price of the incentive earned for a hotel room stay, food and beverage or other amenity. The performance obligation related to loyalty program incentives are deferred and recognized as revenue upon redemption by the customer. The amount associated with gaming wagers is recognized at the point the wager occurs, as it is settled immediately.

Gaming  revenue  includes  the  share  of  VLT  revenue  for  Bally's  Twin  River  and  Bally's  Tiverton,  in  each  case,  as  determined  by  each  property's respective master VLT contracts with the State of Rhode Island. Bally's Twin River is entitled to a  28.85% share of VLT revenue on the initial  3,002 units and a 26.00% share on VLT revenue generated from units in excess of  3,002 units. Beginning July 1, 2021, Bally's Twin River is entitled to an additional 7.00% share of  revenue  on  VLTs  owned  by  the  Company.  Bally's  Tiverton  is  entitled  to  receive  a  percentage  of  VLT  revenue  that  is  equivalent  to the percentage received by Bally's Twin River. Gaming revenue also includes Bally's Twin River's and Bally's Tiverton's share of table games revenue. Bally's Twin River and Bally's Tiverton each were entitled to an 83.5% share of table games revenue generated as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. Revenue is recognized when the wager is settled, which is when the customer has received the benefits of the Company's gaming services and the Company has a present right to payment. The Company records revenue from its Rhode Island operations on a net basis which is the percentage share of VLT and table games revenue received as the Company acts as an agent in operating the gaming services on behalf of the State of Rhode Island.

Gaming revenue also includes Bally's Dover's share of revenue as determined under the Delaware State Lottery Code from the date of its acquisition. Bally's Dover is authorized to conduct video lottery, sports wagering, table game and internet gaming operations as one of three 'Licensed Agents' under the Delaware State Lottery Code. Licensing, administration and control of gaming operations in Delaware is under the Delaware State Lottery Office and Delaware's Department of Safety and Homeland Security, Division of Gaming Enforcement. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, Bally's Dover was entitled  to  an  approximate 42%  share  of  VLT  revenue  and  80% share of table games revenue. Revenue is recognized when the wager is complete, which  is  when  the  customer  has  received  the  benefits  of  the  Company's  gaming  services  and  the  Company  has  a  present  right  to  payment.  The Company records revenue from its Delaware operations on a net basis, which is the percentage share of VLT and table games revenue received, as the Company acts as an agent in operating the gaming services on behalf of the State of Delaware.

Gaming revenue also includes the casino revenue of Hard Rock Biloxi, Bally's Black Hawk, beginning January 23, 2020, Bally's Kansas City and Bally's Vicksburg, beginning July 1, 2020, Bally's Atlantic City, beginning November 18, 2020, Bally's Shreveport, beginning December 23, 2020, Bally's Lake Tahoe, beginning April 6, 2021, Bally's Evansville, beginning June 3, 2021, and Bally's Quad Cities, beginning June 14, 2021, which is the aggregate net difference between gaming wins and losses, with deferred revenue recognized for prepaid deposits by prior to play, for chips outstanding and 'ticket-in, ticket-out' coupons in the customers' possession, and for accruals related to the anticipated payout of progressive jackpots. Progressive slot machines, which contain base jackpots that increase at a progressive rate based on the number of credits played, are charged to revenue as the amount of the progressive jackpots increase.

## Online gaming

Online gaming refers to digital versions of wagering games available in land-based casinos, such as blackjack, roulette and slot machines. For these offerings, the Company operates similarly to land-based casinos, generating revenue from user wagers net of payouts and incentives awarded to users.

Online gaming revenue includes the online bingo and casino revenue of Gamesys, beginning October 1, 2021. The revenue is earned from operating online bingo and casino websites, which consists of the difference between total amounts wagered by players less winnings payable to players, bonuses allocated and jackpot contributions. Online gaming revenue is recognized at the point in time when the player completes a gaming session and payout occurs.  There  is  no  significant  degree  of  uncertainty  involved  in  quantifying  the  amount  of  gaming  revenue  earned,  including  bonuses,  jackpot contributions and loyalty points. Bonuses, jackpot contributions and loyalty points are measured at fair value at each reporting date.

## Sports betting

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Sports betting involves a user wagering money on an outcome or series of outcomes. If a user wins the wager, the Company pays the user a predetermined amount known as fixed odds. Sports betting revenue is generated through built-in theoretical margins in each sports wagering opportunity offered to users. Revenue is recognized as total wagers net of payouts made and incentives awarded to users.

During 2020, the Company entered into several multi-year agreements with third-party operators for online sports betting and iGaming market access in the states of Colorado and New Jersey from which the Company has received or expects to receive one-time, up front market access fees in cash or equity  securities  (specific  to  one  operator  agreement)  and  certain  other  fees  in  cash  generally  based  on  a  percentage  of  the  gross  gaming  revenue generated  by  the  operator,  with  certain  annual  minimum  guarantees  due  to  the  Company.  The  one-time  market  access  fees  received  have  been recorded as deferred revenue and will be recognized as gaming revenue ratably over the respective contract terms, beginning with the commencement of operations of each respective agreement. The Company recognized commissions in certain states from online sports betting and iGaming which are included in gaming revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021. Deferred revenue associated with third-party operators for online sports betting and iGaming market access was $6.8 million and $2.0 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is included in 'Accrued liabilities' and 'Other long-term liabilities' in the consolidated balance sheets. No significant agreements were entered into in 2021.

All other revenues, including market access, daily fantasy sports and B2B service revenue generated by the North America Interactive and International Interactive reportable segments, are recognized at the time the goods are sold or the service is provided.

## Racing

Racing revenue includes Bally's Twin River's, Bally's Tiverton's, Bally's Arapahoe Park's and Bally's Dover's share of wagering from live racing and the import of simulcast signals. Racing revenue is recognized upon completion of the wager based upon an established take-out percentage. The Company functions as an agent to the pari-mutuel pool. Therefore, fees and obligations related to the Company's share of purse funding, simulcasting fees, tote fees, pari-mutuel taxes, and other fees directly related to the Company's racing operations are reported on a net basis and included as a reduction to racing revenue.

## Hotel, Food and Beverage and Retail, Entertainment and Other Revenue

Hotel revenue is recognized at the time of occupancy, which is when the customer obtains control through occupancy of the room. Advance deposits for hotel rooms are recorded as liabilities until revenue recognition criteria are met. Food and beverage revenues are recognized at the time the goods are sold from Company-operated outlets. The estimated standalone selling price of hotel rooms is determined based on observable prices. The standalone selling  price  of  food  and  beverage  as  well  as  retail,  entertainment  and  other  goods  and  services  are  determined  based  upon  the  actual  retail  prices charged to customers for those items. Cancellation fees for hotel and meeting space services are recognized upon cancellation by the customer and are included in hotel, food and beverage revenue within our consolidated statements of operations.

The estimated retail value related to goods and services provided to guests without charge or upon redemption under the Company's player loyalty programs included in departmental revenues, and therefore reducing gaming revenues, are as follows for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019:

| Years Ended December 31,  (in thousands)  2021  2020  2019  Hotel  $  55,782  $  15,099  $  19,939  Food and beverage  61,038  18,548  31,569  Retail, entertainment and other  7,556  3,031  7,594  $  124,376  $  36,678  $  59,102   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Sales tax and other taxes collected on behalf of governmental authorities are accounted for on a net basis and are not included in revenue or operating expenses.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

In  the  fourth  quarter  of  2021,  the  Company  changed  its  reportable  segments  to  better  align  with  its  strategic  growth  initiatives  in  light  of  recent acquisitions. Refer to Note 19 'Segment Reporting' for further information. The following table provides a disaggregation of total revenue by segment (in thousands):

| Years Ended December 31,  Casinos &amp;  Resorts  North America  Interactive  International  Interactive  Total  2021  Gaming  $  803,940  $  10,442  $  239,110  $  1,053,492  Hotel  95,356  -  -  95,356  Food and beverage  92,906  -  -  92,906  Retail, entertainment and other  40,626  27,910  12,153  80,689  Total revenue  $  1,032,828  $  38,352  $  251,263  $  1,322,443  2020  Gaming  $  298,070  $  -  $  -  $  298,070  Hotel  24,742  -  -  24,742  Food and beverage  32,132  -  -  32,132  Retail, entertainment and other  17,848  -  -  17,848  Total revenue  $  372,792  $  -  $  -  $  372,792  2019  Gaming  $  381,062  $  -  $  -  $  381,062  Hotel  38,988  -  -  38,988  Food and beverage  69,904  -  -  69,904  Retail, entertainment and other  33,623  -  -  33,623  Total revenue  $  523,577  $  -  $  -  $  523,577   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Revenue included in operations from Bally's Lake Tahoe from the date of acquisition, April 6, 2021, Bally's Evansville from the date of its acquisition, June 3, 2021, and Bally's Quad Cities from the date of its acquisition, June 14, 2021, through December 31, 2021, are reported in Casinos &amp; Resorts. Revenue included in operations from SportCaller from the date of its acquisition, February 5, 2021, MKF from the date of its acquisition, March 23, 2021, Bally's  Interactive  from  the  date  of  its  acquisition,  May  28,  2021,  AVP  from  the  date  of  its  acquisition,  July  12,  2021,  Telescope  from  the  date  of  its acquisition, August 12, 2021, Degree 53 from the date of its acquisition, October 25, 2021, and the North American operations of Gamesys, from the date of its acquisition, October 1, 2021, each through December 31, 2021, are reported in North America Interactive. Revenue included in operations from the European and Asian activities from Gamesys is reported in International Interactive. Refer to Note 5. 'Acquisitions' for further information.

## Contract Assets and Contract Related Liabilities

The  Company's  receivables  related  to  contracts  with  customers  are  primarily  comprised  of  marker  balances  and  other  amounts  due  from  gaming activities, amounts due for hotel stays and amounts due from tracks and OTB locations. The Company's receivables related to contracts with customers were $35.5 million and $12.0 million as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively.

The Company has the following liabilities  related  to  contracts  with  customers:  liabilities  for  loyalty  programs,  advance  deposits  made  for  goods  and services  yet  to  be  provided  and  unpaid  wagers.  All  of  the  contract  liabilities  are  short-term  in  nature  and  are  included  in  'Accrued  liabilities'  in  the consolidated balance sheets.

Loyalty program incentives earned by customers are typically redeemed within one year from when they are earned and expire if a customer's account is inactive for more than 12 months; therefore, the majority of these incentives outstanding at the end of a period will either be redeemed or expire within the next  12  months.  While  properties  were  operating  at  limited  capacity,  many  properties  extended  the  expiration  dates  for  tiered  status  programs  or temporarily suspended periodic purges of unused loyalty points. As properties have resumed operations at full capacity, many have reinstated their preCOVID-19 practices or put new loyalty programs into place.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Advance deposits are typically for future banquet events, hotel room reservations and interactive player deposits. The banquet and hotel reservation deposits are usually received weeks or months in advance of the event or hotel stay. The Company holds restricted cash for interactive player deposits and records a corresponding withdrawal liability.

Unpaid wagers include unpaid pari-mutuel tickets and unpaid sports bet tickets. Unpaid pari-mutuel tickets not claimed within 12 months by the customer who earned them are escheated to the state.

Liabilities related to contracts with customers as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 were as follows:

| December 31,  2021  2020  Loyalty programs  $  19,099  $  15,468  Advanced deposits from customers  29,168  991  Unpaid wagers  1,656  899  Total  $  49,923  $  17,358   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Company  recognized  $20.1  million,  $5.5  million  and  $10.0  million  of  revenue  related  to  loyalty  program  redemptions  for  the  years  ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

## 5 .    ACQUISITIONS

## Recent Acquisitions

The  Company  accounted  for  all  of  the  following  acquisitions  as  business  combinations  using  the  acquisition  method  with  Bally's  as  the  accounting acquirer in accordance with ASC 805. Under this method of accounting, the purchase price is allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed of the acquiree based upon their estimated fair values at the acquisition date. The fair value of the identifiable intangible assets acquired are determined by using an income approach. Significant assumptions utilized in the income approach are based on company-specific information and projections, which are not observable in the market and are thus considered Level 3 measurements as defined by authoritative guidance. The purchase price allocation for the acquisitions of Bally's Lake Tahoe, Bally's Evansville, Bally's Quad Cities, Gamesys and the Bally's Interactive Acquisitions, as defined below, are preliminary and will be finalized when valuations are complete and final assessments of the fair value of other acquired assets and assumed liabilities are completed. There can be no assurance that such finalizations will not result in material changes from the preliminary purchase price allocations. The Company's estimates and assumptions are subject to change during the measurement period (up to one year from the acquisition date), as the Company finalizes the valuations of certain tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed.

The Company recorded transaction costs related to its recent and pending acquisitions of $70.1 million, $13.2 million and $10.9 million during the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. These costs are included in 'Acquisition, integration and restructuring' in the consolidated statements of operations. Refer to Note 11 'Acquisition, Integration and Restructuring' for further information.

## Bally's Black Hawk

On January 23, 2020, the Company acquired a subsidiary of Affinity Gaming that owns  three casino properties located in Black Hawk, Colorado: Bally's Black Hawk North Casino, Bally's Black Hawk West Casino and Bally's Black Hawk East Casino (the 'Bally's Black Hawk'). The total cash consideration paid by the Company in connection with Bally's Black Hawk acquisition was approximately $53.8 million, or $50.5 million net of cash acquired, excluding transaction costs.

The identifiable assets recorded in connection with the closing of Bally's Black Hawk acquisition include trademarks of $ 2.1 million  and  rated  player relationships of $0.6  million,  which  are  being  amortized  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  estimated  useful  lives  of  approximately  10  years  and 6  years, respectively. The Company also recorded an intangible asset related to gaming licenses of approximately $3.3 million, with an indefinite life. However, in connection with the impairment testing discussed in Note 6 'Goodwill and Intangible Assets,' the asset was deemed fully impaired and its value was written down to zero as of March 31, 2020. The fair value of the identifiable intangible assets acquired was determined by using an income approach. Significant assumptions utilized in the income approach were based on company-specific information and projections, which are not observable in the market and are thus considered Level 3 measurements as defined by authoritative guidance. Goodwill recognized is deductible for local tax purposes.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Bally's Kansas City Casino and Bally's Vicksburg Casino

On July 1, 2020, the Company completed its acquisition of the operations and real estate of Bally's Kansas City and Bally's Vicksburg from affiliates of Caesars Entertainment, Inc. ('Caesars'). The total cash consideration paid by the Company in connection with the acquisition was approximately $229.9 million, or $225.5 million net of cash acquired, excluding transaction costs.

The  following  table  summarizes  the  consideration  paid  and  the  fair  values  of  the  assets  acquired  and  liabilities  assumed  in  connection  with  the acquisition:

| As of July 1, 2020  Preliminary as of  December 31, 2020  Year to Date Adjustments  Final  Cash  $  4,362  $  -  $  4,362  Accounts receivable, net  582  -  582  Inventory  164  -  164  Prepaid expenses and other current assets  686  (256)  430  Property and equipment  60,865  -  60,865  Right of use asset  10,315  -  10,315  Intangible assets, net  138,160  -  138,160  Other assets  117  -  117  Goodwill  53,896  380  54,276  Accounts payable  (614)  -  (614)  Accrued liabilities  (3,912)  (236)  (4,148)  Lease liability  (34,452)  -  (34,452)  Other long-term liabilities  (306)  112  (194)  Total purchase price  $  229,863  $  -  $  229,863   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Goodwill  recognized  is  deductible  for  local  tax  purposes  and  has  been  assigned  as  of  the  acquisition  date  to  the  Company's  Casinos  &amp;  Resorts reportable segment, which includes the reporting units expected to benefit from the synergies of the acquisition. Qualitative factors that contribute to the recognition of goodwill include an organized workforce and expected synergies from integrating the properties into the Company's casino portfolio and future development of its omni-channel strategy.

## Bally's Atlantic City Casino Resort

On November 18, 2020, the Company completed its acquisition of Bally's Atlantic City from Caesars and Vici Properties, Inc. In connection with Bally's Atlantic City acquisition, the Company paid cash of approximately $24.7 million at closing, or $ 16.1 million, net of cash acquired, excluding transaction costs. The Company recorded a liability of $2.0 million for a net working capital adjustment which is reflected in 'Accrued liabilities' in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2020, and was paid in full during the first quarter of 2021.

In connection with the approval of the Company's interim gaming license in the state of New Jersey, the Company committed to the New Jersey Casino Control Commission to spend $90 million, increased to $100.0 million in the second quarter of 2021, in capital expenditures over a span of five years to refurbish and upgrade the property's facilities and expand its amenities. In connection with this commitment, the Company reached an agreement with Caesars,  whereby  Caesars  would  reimburse  the  Company  for  $30.0  million  of  the  capital  expenditure  commitment  by  December  31,  2021.  This commitment from Caesars to the Company was accounted for as a contingent consideration asset under ASC 805 and was recognized at its present value as of the acquisition date, which was determined to be $27.7 million, as it represented consideration due back from the seller in connection with a business combination and was included in 'Prepaid expenses and other assets' in the consolidated balance sheet. This contingent consideration asset resulted in an adjusted purchase price of $(0.9) million. In the fourth quarter of 2021, in lieu of settlement in cash, the contingent consideration asset was settled with Caesars through the early termination of certain agreements between Caesars and the Company at other properties. The early termination of these contracts allows the Company to retain rights to operate online gaming in certain jurisdictions. The derecognition of the contingent consideration asset for non-cash consideration resulted in a contract termination expense of $30.0 million recorded during the fourth quarter of 2021.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The following table summarizes the consideration paid and the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with the acquisition of Bally's Atlantic City. There were no purchase accounting adjustments recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021.

| Final As of November 18,  2020  Cash  $  8,651  Accounts receivable  1,122  Inventory  721  Prepaid expenses and other current assets  1,402  Property and equipment, net  40,898  Intangible assets, net  1,120  Accounts payable  (3,131)  Accrued liabilities  (7,983)  Deferred income tax liability  (11,132)  Net assets acquired  31,668  Bargain purchase gain  (32,595)  Total purchase price  $  (927)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The identifiable intangible assets recorded in connection with the closing of Bally's Atlantic City acquisition include rated player relationships of $ 0.9 million  and  hotel  and  conference  pre-bookings  of  $0.2  million,  which  are  being  amortized  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  estimated  useful  lives  of approximately eight years and three years, respectively. The Company determined that the value of and intangible asset related to gaming licenses was de minimus, primarily due to the previously mentioned capital expenditure commitment required to obtain the license. The preliminary fair value of the identifiable  intangible  assets  acquired  was  determined  by  using  a  cost  approach  and  an  income  approach for  the  rater  player  relationships  and  prebookings, respectively.

The fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceed the purchase price consideration and therefore, a bargain purchase gain of $ 32.6 million  was  recorded  during  the  year  ended  December  31,  2020  included  within  'Gain  on  bargain  purchases'  in  the  consolidated  statements  of operations.  The  Company  believes  that  it  was  able  to  acquire  the  net  assets  of  Bally's  Atlantic  City  for  less  than  fair  value  as  a  result  of  a  capital expenditure requirement imposed on the Company by the New Jersey Casino Control Commission, which would have been imposed on the seller had they not divested the property.

## Bally's Shreveport Casino &amp; Hotel

On December 23, 2020, the Company completed its acquisition of  Bally's Shreveport for total  cash consideration of approximately $137.2 million. Cash paid by the Company, net of $5.0 million cash acquired and offset by a receivable of $ 0.8 million resulting from a net working capital adjustment, was $133.1 million, excluding transaction costs.

The identifiable intangible assets recorded in connection with the closing Bally's Shreveport include gaming licenses of $ 57.7 million with an indefinite life and rated player relationships of $0.4 million, which is being amortized on a straight-line basis over estimated useful lives of approximately  eight years. The fair value of the identifiable intangible assets acquired was determined by using an income approach.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The following table summarizes the consideration paid and the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with the acquisition of Bally's Shreveport:

| As of December 23, 2020  Preliminary as of  December 31, 2020  Year to Date Adjustments  Final  Cash  $  4,980  $  -  $  4,980  Accounts receivable, net  1,936  (143)  1,793  Inventory  495  103  598  Prepaid expenses and other current assets  245  -  245  Property and equipment, net  125,822  -  125,822  Right of use asset  9,260  -  9,260  Intangible assets, net  58,140  -  58,140  Other assets  403  -  403  Accounts payable and Accrued liabilities  (6,138)  79  (6,059)  Lease liability  (14,540)  -  (14,540)  Deferred tax liability  (11,457)  -  (11,457)  Other long-term liabilities  (680)  -  (680)  Net assets acquired  168,466  39  168,505  Bargain purchase gain  (31,276)  (39)  (31,315)  Total purchase price  $  137,190  $  -  $  137,190   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceed the purchase price consideration and therefore, a bargain purchase gain of $ 31.3 million was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2020 within 'Gain on bargain purchases' in the consolidated statements of operations. During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company recorded an adjustment to the bargain purchase gain of $39 thousand resulting from final purchase accounting procedures. The Company believes that it was able to acquire the net assets of Bally's Shreveport for less than fair value as a result of a distressed sale whereby the seller, Eldorado Resorts, Inc., was required by the Federal Trade Commission to divest the Shreveport property prior to its merger with Caesars coupled with the timing of the agreement to purchase which was in the middle of industry wide COVID-19 related shutdowns of all casinos in the US.

## Bally's Lake Tahoe Casino Resort

On April 6, 2021, the Company acquired Bally's Lake Tahoe in Lake Tahoe, Nevada from Eldorado and certain of its affiliates for $ 14.2 million, payable in cash  one  year  from  the  closing  date.  The  deferred  purchase  price  is  included  within  'Accrued  liabilities'  of  the  consolidated  balance  sheet  as  of December 31, 2021.

The  identifiable  intangible  assets  recorded  in  connection  with  the  closing  of  Bally's  Lake  Tahoe  acquisition  based  on  preliminary  valuations  include gaming licenses of $5.2 million with an indefinite life and a trade name of $ 0.2 million, which is being amortized on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful  life  of  approximately six  months.  The  preliminary  fair  value  of  the  identifiable  intangible  assets  acquired  was  determined  by  using  an  income approach.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The following table summarizes the consideration paid and the preliminary fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with the acquisition of Bally's Lake Tahoe:

| As of April 6, 2021  (in thousands)  Preliminary as of June  30, 2021  Year to Date  Adjustments  Preliminary as of  December 31, 2021  Total current assets  $  5,089  $  (406)  $  4,683  Property and equipment, net  6,361  -  6,361  Right of use assets, net  57,017  -  57,017  Intangible assets, net  5,430  -  5,430  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities  (3,095)  (307)  (3,402)  Lease liabilities  (52,927)  -  (52,927)  Other long-term liabilities  (1,127)  186  (941)  Net assets acquired  16,748  (527)  16,221  Bargain purchase gain  (2,576)  527  (2,049)  Total purchase price  $  14,172  $  -  $  14,172   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Based on the preliminary purchase price allocation, the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceed the purchase price consideration resulting in a bargain purchase gain of $2.0 million recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021. The original agreement to acquire Bally's Lake Tahoe from Eldorado was made concurrently with the agreement of Bally's Shreveport and the Company believes that it was able to acquire Bally's Lake Tahoe for less than fair value as a result of a distressed sale prior to Eldorado's merger by Caesars, as noted above.

Revenue and net loss included in operations from Bally's  Lake  Tahoe  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021  was  $ 28.9  million  and  $0.1  million, respectively.

## Bally's Evansville Casino &amp; Hotel

On June 3, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of Bally's Evansville casino operations from Caesars. The total purchase price was $ 139.7 million. Cash paid by the Company, net of $9.4 million cash acquired, was $130.4 million, excluding transaction costs.

In connection with the acquisition of Bally's Evansville casino operations, the Company entered into a sale-leaseback arrangement with an affiliate of GLPI for the Bally's Dover property. Refer to Note 13 'Leases' for further information.

The identifiable intangible assets recorded in connection with the closing of Bally's Evansville acquisition based on preliminary valuations include gaming licenses of $153.6 million with an indefinite life and rated player relationships of $ 0.6 million which are being amortized on a straight-line basis over an estimated useful life of approximately eight years. The preliminary fair value of the identifiable intangible assets acquired was determined by using an income approach.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The following table summarizes the consideration paid and the preliminary fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with the acquisition of Bally's Evansville:

| As of June 3, 2021  (in thousands)  Preliminary as of June  30, 2021  Year to Date Adjustments  Preliminary as of  December 31, 2021  Cash and cash equivalents  $  9,355  $  -  $  9,355  Accounts receivable, net  1,492  (18)  1,474  Inventory and prepaid expenses and other current assets  1,212  (10)  1,202  Property and equipment, net  12,325  -  12,325  Right of use assets, net  285,772  -  285,772  Intangible assets, net  154,210  -  154,210  Other assets  468  -  468  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities  (10,568)  (359)  (10,927)  Lease liabilities  (285,772)  -  (285,772)  Deferred tax liability  (7,469)  236  (7,233)  Other long-term liabilities  (310)  -  (310)  Net assets acquired  160,715  (151)  160,564  Bargain purchase gain  (21,537)  681  (20,856)  Total purchase price  $  139,178  $  530  $  139,708   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Based on the preliminary purchase price allocation, the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceed the purchase price consideration and therefore, a bargain purchase gain of $20.9 million was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company believes it was able to acquire Bally's Evansville for less than fair value as a result of a distressed sale prior to Eldorado's merger with Caesars, as noted above.

Revenue and net income included in operations from Bally's Evansville for the year ended December 31, 2021 was $ 91.0 million and $8.0  million, respectively.

## Bally's Quad Cities Casino &amp; Hotel

On June 14, 2021, the Company completed its acquisition of Bally's Quad Cities in Rock Island, Illinois. Pursuant to the terms of the Equity Purchase Agreement, the Company has acquired all of the outstanding equity securities of The Rock Island Boatworks, Inc., for a purchase price of $118.9 million in cash, subject to customary post-closing adjustments. Cash paid by the Company, net of $2.9 million cash acquired and the $ 4.0 million deposit paid in the third quarter of 2020, was $112.0 million, excluding transaction costs.

The  identifiable  intangible  assets  recorded  in  connection  with  the  closing  of  Bally's  Quad  Cities  acquisition  based  on  preliminary  valuations  include gaming  licenses  of  $30.3  million  with  an  indefinite  life,  as  well  as,  rated  player  relationships  and  a  trade  name  of  $ 0.7  million  and  $0.2  million, respectively,  which  are  being  amortized  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  their  estimated  useful  lives  of  approximately nine  years and four  months, respectively. The preliminary fair value of the identifiable intangible assets acquired was determined by using an income approach. Goodwill recognized is deductible for local tax purposes and has been assigned as of the acquisition date to the Company's Casinos &amp; Resorts reportable segment, which includes  the  reporting  unit  expected  to  benefit  from  the  synergies  of  the  acquisition.  Qualitative  factors  that  contribute  to  the  recognition  of  goodwill include an organized workforce and expected synergies from integrating the property into the Company's casino portfolio and future development of its omni-channel strategy.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The following table summarizes the consideration paid and the preliminary fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with the acquisition of Bally's Quad Cities:

| As of June 14, 2021  (in thousands)  Preliminary as of June  30, 2021  Year to Date  Adjustments  Preliminary as of  December 31, 2021  Cash and cash equivalents  $  3,241  $  (308)  $  2,933  Accounts receivable, net  2,855  131  2,986  Inventory and Prepaid expenses and other current assets  844  (46)  798  Property and equipment, net  73,135  -  73,135  Intangible assets, net  31,180  -  31,180  Goodwill  14,191  402  14,593  Total current liabilities  (6,244)  (453)  (6,697)  Total purchase price  $  119,202  $  (274)  $  118,928   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Revenue included in operations from Bally's Quad Cities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was $ 26.8 million.

## Bally's Interactive Acquisitions

SportCaller -On February 5, 2021, the Company acquired SportCaller for total consideration of $ 42.6 million including $24.0 million in cash and  221,391 of the Company's common shares at closing, and up to $12.0 million in value of additional shares if SportCaller meets certain post-closing performance targets (calculated based on a USD to Euro exchange ratio of 0.8334).

Monkey Knife Fight - On March 23, 2021, the Company acquired Fantasy Sports Shark, LLC d/b/a/ Monkey Knife Fight for total consideration of $ 118.6 million  including  (1)  immediately  exercisable penny warrants to purchase up to 984,446 of the Company's common shares (subject to adjustment) at closing and (2) contingent penny warrants to purchase up to 787,557 additional Company common shares, half of which are issuable on each of the first and second anniversary of closing. The contingency relates to MKF's continued operations in jurisdictions in which it operates at closing at future dates.

The Company paid cash of $22.4 million, net of cash acquired, for SportCaller and MKF. Total non-cash consideration transferred for SportCaller and MKF was $135.3 million, which included $58.7 million of the fair value of contingent consideration as of the SportCaller and MKF acquisition dates. Refer to Note 8 'Fair Value Measurements' for further information.

Bally's Interactive - On May 28, 2021, the Company acquired Bally's Interactive, formerly Bet.Works Corp., for total consideration of $ 192.1 million which consisted of $70.4 million in cash, net of cash acquired, and  2,084,765 of the Company's common shares. The shareholders of Bally's Interactive will not transfer  any  shares  of  Company  common stock received prior  to  June  1,  2022  and,  for  the  following  12  months,  may  transfer  only  up  to 1%  of  the Company's common stock per every 90 days.

AVP - On July 12, 2021, the Company acquired AVP, a premier professional beach volleyball organization and host of the longest-running domestic beach volleyball tour in the US, for $10.0 million in cash.

Telescope  -  On  August  12,  2021,  the  Company  acquired  an  84.16%  controlling  interest  in  Telescope,  a  leading  provider  of  real-time  audience engagement solutions for live events, gamified second screen experiences and interactive livestreams, for $25.9 million in cash, net of cash acquired. The remaining 15.84% of Telescope is owned by certain selling shareholders and is reported as a non-controlling interest. The non-controlling interest is convertible into shares of Bally's common stock based on a fixed exchange ratio share-settlement feature, valued using the Company's common stock price, and is classified as permanent equity. Earnings attributable to the non-controlling interest are not material for the year ended December 31, 2021.

Degree 53  -  On  October  25,  2021,  the  Company  acquired  Degree  53,  a  UK-based  creative  agency  that  specializes  in  multi-channel  website  and personalized mobile app and software development for the online gambling and sports industries, for $7.8 million in cash, net of cash acquired.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The  identifiable  intangible  assets  recorded  in  connection  with  the  closing  of  SportCaller,  MKF,  Bally's  Interactive,  AVP ,  Telescope,  and  Degree  53 (collectively the 'Bally's Interactive Acquisitions') are based on preliminary valuations and include customer relationships of $41.5 million, which are being amortized over estimated useful lives between three  and ten years, developed software of $122.4 million, which is being amortized over its estimated useful lives between three and ten years, and trade names of $ 3.1 million, which are being amortized over their estimated useful lives between  ten and 15 years. Total goodwill recorded in connection with Bally's Interactive Acquisitions was $ 250.5 million, of which $102.9 million is deductible for local tax purposes. Qualitative factors that contribute to the recognition of goodwill include certain intangible assets that are not recognized as separate identifiable intangible  assets  apart  from  goodwill,  which  consist  primarily  of  benefits  from  acquiring  a  talented  technology  workforce  and  management  team experienced in the online gaming industry, and securing buyer-specific synergies expected to contribute to the Company's omni-channel strategy which are expected to increase revenue and profits within the Company's North America Interactive reportable segment. Goodwill of the Bally's Interactive Acquisitions has been assigned as of the acquisition date to the Company's North America Interactive reportable segment.

The following table summarizes the consideration paid and the preliminary fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with the Bally's Interactive Acquisitions as of their respective dates of acquisition, as noted above:

| (in thousands)  Preliminary as of  December 31, 2021  Cash and cash equivalents  $  8,689  Accounts receivable, net  4,498  Prepaid expenses and other current assets  3,104  Property and equipment, net  596  Intangible assets, net  167,075  Goodwill  250,491  Total current liabilities  (14,548)  Deferred tax liability  (15,811)  Acquired non-controlling interest  (3,760)  Net investment in Bally's Interactive Acquisitions  $  400,334   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded purchase accounting adjustments which increased intangible assets by $ 0.5 million and reduced goodwill and current liabilities by $0.4 million and $1.1 million, respectively.

Revenue included in operations from the Bally's Interactive Acquisitions from their respective dates of acquisition, each noted above, for the year ended December 31, 2021 was $23.6 million.

## Gamesys Acquisition

On October 1, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of Gamesys. Total consideration was $ 2.60 billion, which consisted of $ $2.08 billion paid in cash and 9,773,537 shares of Bally's common stock. Cash paid by the Company at closing, net of cash received of $ 183.3 million and a $10.3 million post-combination expense, explained below, was $1.90 billion, excluding transaction costs.

The identifiable intangible assets recorded in connection with the closing of Gamesys are based on preliminary valuations and primarily include customer relationships of $980.2 million and developed technology of $ 282.0 million, both of which are being amortized over  seven years, and trade names of $249.8 million, which have indefinite lives. Total goodwill of $ 1.68 billion represents the excess purchase price over the preliminary fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Qualitative factors that contribute to the recognition of goodwill include certain intangible assets that are not recognized  as  separate  identifiable  intangible  assets  apart  from  goodwill,  which  consist  primarily  of  benefits  from  acquiring  a  talented  technology workforce and management team experienced in the online gaming industry. Goodwill associated with the Gamesys acquisition is assigned as of the acquisition  date  to  the  Company's  International  Interactive  and  North  America  Interactive  reportable  segments  in  the  amounts  of  $1.65  billion  and $33.3  million  respectively,  which  include  the  reporting  units  expected  to  benefit  from  the  synergies  arising  from  the  acquisition.  The  assignment  of goodwill  to  reporting  units  is  based  upon  preliminary  valuations  subject  to  change  throughout  the  measurement  period.  Goodwill  recognized  is  not deductible for local tax purposes.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

In  connection  with  the  acquisition  of  Gamesys,  certain  unvested  and  outstanding  equity  options  held  by  Gamesys  employees  were  discretionarily accelerated and vested by the Gamesys Board of Directors, requiring allocation of the fair value of pre-combination service to purchase consideration, with the remainder allocated to non-recurring post-combination expense. The fair value of $36.4 million was attributed to pre-combination service and included in consideration transferred. In the fourth quarter of 2021, the fair value of $10.3 million, attributable to post combination expense was recorded within 'Advertising, general, and administrative' expense in the consolidated statements of operations.

The following table summarizes the consideration paid and the preliminary fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with the acquisition of Gamesys as of October 1, 2021:

| (in thousands)  Preliminary as of  December 31, 2021  Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash  $  183,306  Accounts receivable, net  35,851  Prepaid expenses and other current assets  27,876  Property and equipment, net  15,230  Right of use assets, net  14,185  Goodwill  1,678,476  Intangible assets, net  1,513,023  Other assets  17,668  Accounts payable  (47,881)  Accrued income taxes  (40,250)  Accrued liabilities  (177,109)  Long-term debt, net  (456,469)  Lease liabilities  (14,185)  Deferred tax liability  (143,924)  Other long-term liabilities  (6,680)  Total purchase price  $  2,599,117   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Revenue  and  net  income  included  in  operations  from  Gamesys  reported  in  the  Company's  International  Interactive  and  North  America  Interactive reportable segments for the year ended December 31, 2021 was $257.1 million and $18.2 million, respectively.

## Supplemental Pro Forma Consolidated Information

The  following  unaudited  pro  forma  consolidated  financial  information  for  the  twelve  months  ended  December  31,  2021  combines  the  results  of  the Company for the year ended December 31, 2021 and the unaudited results of Bally's Lake Tahoe, Bally's Evansville and Gamesys for each period subsequent to their respective acquisition dates through December 31, 2021. The following unaudited pro forma consolidated financial information for the twelve months ended December 31, 2020 combines the Company's historical results with pro forma amounts for Bally's Lake Tahoe, Bally's Evansville and Gamesys. The unaudited pro forma consolidated financial information assumes that the acquisitions of Bally's Lake Tahoe, Bally's Evansville and Gamesys had occurred as of January 1,  2020.  The  pro  forma  consolidated  financial  information  has  been  calculated  after  applying  the  Company's accounting policies and includes adjustments related to the issuance of new debt and equity offerings as of January 1, 2020 as well as non-recurring adjustments for amortization of acquired intangible assets, compensation expense for share-based compensation arrangements that were cash settled in conjunction with the Acquisition, interest expense, transaction costs, together with the consequential tax effects. The revenue, earnings and pro forma effects of other acquisitions completed during the year ended December 31, 2021, which include Bally's Interactive Acquisitions and Bally's Quad Cities, are not material to results of operations, individually or in the aggregate.

These unaudited pro forma financial results are presented for informational purposes only and do not purport to be indicative of the operating results of the Company that would have been achieved had the acquisitions actually taken place on January 1, 2020. In addition, these results are not intended to be a projection of future results and do not reflect events that may occur, including but not limited to revenue enhancements, cost savings or operating synergies that the combined Company may achieve as a result of the acquisitions.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

| Years Ended December 31,  (in thousands, except per share data)  2021  2020  Revenue  $  2,221,870  $  1,529,369  Net income (loss)  $  46,048  $  (129,374)  Net income (loss) per share, basic  $  0.93  $  (2.37)  Net income (loss) per share, diluted  $  0.92  $  (2.37)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following unaudited pro forma consolidated financial information for the year ended December 31, 2020 combines the results of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2020 and the unaudited results of Bally's Kansas City, Bally's Vicksburg and Bally's Shreveport for each period subsequent to their respective acquisition dates through December 31, 2020. The following unaudited pro forma consolidated financial information for the twelve months ended December 31, 2020 combines the Company's historical results with pro forma amounts for Bally's Kansas City, Bally's Vicksburg and Bally's Shreveport . The unaudited pro forma consolidated financial information assumes that the acquisitions of Bally's Kansas City, Bally's Vicksburg and Bally's Shreveport had occurred as of January 1, 2019.

| Years Ended December 31,  (in thousands, except per share data)  2020  2019  Revenue  $  465,685  $  722,136  Net (loss) income  $  (7,450)  $  92,713  Net (loss) income per share, basic  $  (0.24)  $  2.46  Net (loss) income per share, diluted  $  (0.24)  $  2.45   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Pending Acquisitions

## Tropicana Las Vegas Hotel and Casino

On April 13, 2021, the Company agreed to purchase the Tropicana Las Vegas Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada ('Tropicana Las Vegas') from GLPI valued at approximately $300 million. The purchase price for the Tropicana Las Vegas property's non-land assets is $ 150.0 million. In addition, the Company  agreed  to  lease  the  land  underlying  the  Tropicana  Las  Vegas  property  from  GLPI  for  an  initial  term  of  50  years  at  an  annual  rent  of $10.5 million, subject to increases over time. The Company and GLPI will also enter into a sale-and-leaseback transaction relating to Bally's Black Hawk properties and Bally's Quad Cities property for a cash purchase price of $150.0 million payable by GLPI. The lease will have initial annual fixed rent of $12.0 million, subject to increase over time. The Company expects to complete the acquisition of Tropicana Las Vegas during the year ended December 31, 2022.

## 6.    GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS

## 2021 Trade Name Impairment

During the second quarter of 2021, the Company committed to rebrand a majority of its casino portfolio with Bally's trade name. In connection with this rebranding initiative, the Company determined it should complete an interim quantitative impairment test of its trade names at Bally's Dover and Bally's Black Hawk. As a result of the analysis, the Company recorded an impairment charge of $4.7 million during the three months ended June 30, 2021 recorded within ' Goodwill and asset impairment' on the consolidated statements of operations. Bally's Dover and Bally's Black Hawk are reported in the Casinos &amp; Resorts reportable segment.

## 2021 Annual Impairment Assessment

As of October 1, 2021, the Company performed a qualitative analysis for the annual assessment of goodwill (commonly referred to as 'Step Zero') for all reporting units. From a qualitative perspective, in evaluating whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, relevant events and circumstances are taken into account, with greater weight assigned to events and circumstances that most affect the fair value  or  the  carrying  amounts  of  its  assets.  Items  that  were  considered  included,  but  were  not  limited  to,  the  following:  macroeconomic  conditions, industry and market conditions and overall financial performance. After assessing these and other factors, the Company determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value of all reporting units exceed their carrying amounts as of October 1, 2021 and therefore no impairment charges to goodwill or other intangible assets were recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021. If future results vary significantly from current estimates and related projections, the Company may be required to record impairment charges.

## 2020 Annual Impairment Assessment

Late in the first quarter of 2020, as a result of the economic and market conditions surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic and the decline in its stock price and market capitalization the Company experienced at the time, the Company determined that it was more likely than not that the carrying value of all of its  reporting units exceeded these units' fair value and performed an interim quantitative impairment test of goodwill. The Company estimated the fair values of all reporting units using both the market approach, applying a multiple of earnings based on guidelines for publicly traded companies, and the income approach, discounting projected future cash flows based on management's expectations of the current and future operating environment for each reporting unit. The calculation of the impairment charge includes substantial fact-based determinations and estimates including weighted average cost of capital, future revenue, profitability, cash flows and fair values of assets and liabilities. The rates used to discount projected future cash flows under the income approach reflect a weighted average cost of capital in the range of 10% to 15%, which considered guidelines for publicly traded companies, capital structure and risk premiums, including those reflected in the current market capitalization. The Company corroborated the reasonableness of the estimated reporting unit fair values by reconciling to its enterprise value and market capitalization. Based on this analysis, the Company determined that only the carrying value of its Bally's Black Hawk reporting unit exceeded its fair value by an amount that exceeded the assigned goodwill and indefinite lived intangibles as of the acquisition date. As a result, the Company recorded a total impairment charge of $8.7 million recorded within 'Goodwill and asset impairment' of the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020, which is included in the Casinos &amp; Resorts reportable segment, and was allocated between goodwill and intangible assets with charges of $5.4 million and $3.3 million, respectively. The annual impairment test performed as of October 1, 2020 did not result in additional impairment charges to goodwill or other intangible assets.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The change in carrying value of goodwill by reportable segment for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 is as follows:

| Casinos &amp;  Resorts  North America  Interactive  International  Interactive  Total  Goodwill as of December 31, 2019  $  133,082  $  -  $  -  $  133,082  Goodwill from current year business combinations  59,257  -  -  59,257  Impairment charges  (5,360)  -  -  (5,360)  Goodwill as of December 31, 2020  $  186,979  $  -  $  -  $  186,979  Goodwill from current year business combinations  14,593  283,767  1,645,200  1,943,560  Effect of foreign exchange  -  (409)  (7,857)  (8,266)  Purchase accounting adjustments on prior year business combinations  380  -  -  380  Goodwill as of December 31, 2021  $  201,952  $  283,358  $  1,637,343  $  2,122,653  (1)  (1)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(1)    Casinos &amp; Resorts amounts are net of accumulated goodwill impairment charges of $ 5.4 million for 2020 and 2021.

The change in intangible assets, net for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 is as follows:

| Intangible assets, net as of December 31, 2019  $  110,373  Intangible assets from current year business combinations  203,380  Other intangibles acquired  357,793  Impairment charges  (3,299)  Less: Accumulated amortization  (4,852)  Intangible assets, net as of December 31, 2020  $  663,395  Intangible assets from current year business combinations  1,870,918  Change in TRA with Sinclair  (850)  Effect of foreign exchange  (12,538)  Impairment charges  (4,675)  Internally developed software  20,952  Other intangibles acquired  31,551  Less: Accumulated amortization  (90,801)  Intangible assets, net as of December 31, 2021  $  2,477,952  (1)  (2)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(1)    Includes Naming rights and Bally's trade name.

(2)    Refer to Note 10 'Sinclair Agreement.'

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Company's identifiable intangible assets consist of the following:

| Weighted  average  remaining life  (in years)  December 31, 2021  (in thousands, except years)  Gross Carrying  Amount  Accumulated  Amortization  Net  Amortizable intangible assets:  Naming rights - Sinclair  9.2  $  337,391  $  (25,721)  $  311,670  Trade names  10.6  28,439  (17,481)  10,958  Hard Rock license  25.5  8,000  (1,818)  6,182  Customer relationships  6.7  1,026,797  (46,789)  980,008  Developed technology  7.2  392,481  (19,690)  372,791  Internally developed software  4.8  20,952  (727)  20,225  Gaming licenses  10.0  30,409  (591)  29,818  Other  4.4  2,413  (1,121)  1,292  Total amortizable intangible assets  1,846,882  (113,938)  1,732,944  Intangible assets not subject to amortization:  Gaming licenses  Indefinite  478,171  -  478,171  Trade names  Indefinite  265,099  -  265,099  Other  Indefinite  1,738  -  1,738  Total unamortizable intangible assets  745,008  -  745,008  Total intangible assets, net  $  2,591,890  $  (113,938)  $  2,477,952  (1)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(1)    Naming rights intangible asset in connection with Sinclair Agreement. Refer to Note 10 'Sinclair Agreement' for further information. Amortization began on April 1, 2021, the commencement date of the re-branded Sinclair regional sports networks.

| Weighted  average  remaining life  (in years)  December 31, 2020  (in thousands, except years)  Gross  amount  Accumulated  amortization  Net  Amount  Amortizable intangible assets:  Naming rights - Sinclair  10.0  $  338,241  $  -  $  338,241  Rhode Island contract for VLTs  0.0  29,300  (29,300)  -  Trade names  8.6  21,600  (16,475)  5,125  Hard Rock license  26.5  8,000  (1,576)  6,424  Customer relationships  5.8  10,515  (5,483)  5,032  Other  3.7  1,950  (750)  1,200  Total amortizable intangible assets  409,606  (53,584)  356,022  Intangible assets not subject to amortization:  Rhode Island VLT license  Indefinite  287,108  -  287,108  Bally's trade name  Indefinite  19,052  -  19,052  Novelty game licenses  Indefinite  1,213  -  1,213  Total unamortizable intangible assets  307,373  -  307,373  Total intangible assets, net  $  716,979  $  (53,584)  $  663,395  (2)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(2)    See note (1) above.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Amortization of intangible assets was approximately $ 91.1 million, $4.9 million and $5.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

Refer to Note 5 'Acquisitions' for further information about the preliminary purchase price allocation and provisional goodwill and intangible balances added from current year business combinations. Refer to Note 10 'Sinclair Agreement' for intangible assets added through the Sinclair Agreement.

The following table shows the remaining amortization expense associated with finite lived intangible assets as of December 31, 2021:

| (in thousands)  2022  $  244,298  2023  244,119  2024  240,608  2025  239,102  2026  235,221  Thereafter  529,596  $  1,732,944   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7.    DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS

## Foreign Exchange Forward Contracts

On April 16, 2021, a subsidiary of the Company entered into a foreign exchange forward contract to hedge the risk of appreciation of the British Pound Sterling  ('GBP')-denominated  purchase  price  related  to  the  Gamesys  acquisition  pursuant  to  which  the  subsidiary  can  purchase  approximately £900 million at a contracted exchange rate.

On April 16, 2021, a subsidiary of the Company entered into two foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge the risk of appreciation of both the GBPdenominated  and  Euro-denominated  debt  held  by  Gamesys  which  would  be  paid  off  at  closing  of  the  Gamesys  acquisition  pursuant  to  which  the subsidiary can purchase £200 million and €336 million, at contracted exchange rates, respectively.

To enter into these foreign exchange forward contracts, the Company paid total premiums to the contract counterparties of $ 22.6 million.

On  August  20,  2021,  two  of  the  above  mentioned  foreign  exchange  forward  contracts  were  modified,  decreasing  the  notional  amount  of  the  GBPdenominated forward purchase commitments by £746 million to £354 million, collectively. The Company received $ 1.7 million upon settlement of the modification, which decreased the remaining fair value of the contracts.

On October 1, 2021, the above mentioned foreign exchange forward contracts were discontinued as part of the acquisition of Gamesys. The Company received $0.1 million at closing, which was reported within 'Other, net' on the consolidated statements of operations.

The Company's foreign exchange forward contracts were not designated as hedging instruments under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ('ASC 815'). These derivative instruments were reported at fair value as an asset or liability in the consolidated balance sheet. Gains (losses) recognized in earnings resulting from the change in fair value were reported within 'Other, net' on the consolidated statements of operations.

## Sinclair Agreement

As  noted  in  Note  10  'Sinclair  Agreement,'  on  November  18,  2020,  Bally's  entered  into  a  long-term  strategic  relationship  with  Sinclair.  The  Sinclair Agreement provides for Performance Warrants and Options, the accounting for which is explained below.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Performance Warrants - The Performance Warrants are accounted for as a derivative liability because the underlying performance metrics represent an adjustment to the settlement amount that is not indexed to the Company's own stock and thus equity classification is precluded under ASC 815. The Performance Warrants are expected to continue to be classified as liability awards with changes in fair value reported within 'Change in value of naming rights liabilities' in the consolidated statements of operations.

Options - As of December 31, 2020, the Options were accounted for as a derivative liability because the Options could have been required to be settled in  cash,  outside  the  Company's  control,  prior  to  formal  stockholder  approval.  Upon  stockholder  approval  on  January  27,  2021,  the  Options  met  the criteria  to  be  classified  as  equity,  at  which  point,  the  Options  were  adjusted  to  fair  value  of  $59.7  million  and  were  reclassified  from  'Naming  rights liabilities' to 'Additional paid-in-capital' in the consolidated balance sheet. The increase in fair value of the Options from $58.2 million as of December 31, 2020, through January 27, 2021 was $1.5 million and resulted in a mark to market loss in the first quarter of 2021, reported within 'Change in value of naming rights liabilities' in the consolidated statements of operations.

The fair values of derivative liabilities not designated as hedging instruments as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| December 31,  (in thousands)  Balance Sheet Location  2021  2020  Liabilities:  Sinclair Performance Warrants  Naming rights liabilities  $  69,564  $  88,119  Sinclair Options  Naming rights liabilities  -  58,198  Total Liabilities  $  69,564  $  146,317   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The gains (losses) recognized in the consolidated statements of operations for derivatives not designated as hedging instruments during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Consolidated Statements of Operations Location  Year Ended December 31,  (in thousands)  2021  2020  Foreign exchange forward contracts  Other, net  $  (20,882)  $  -  Sinclair Performance Warrants  Change in value of naming rights liabilities  18,555  (32,878)  Sinclair Options  Change in value of naming rights liabilities  (1,526)  (24,782)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8.    FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS

The following tables  summarize the Company's assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis. Financial assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement:

| December 31, 2021  (in thousands)  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Assets:  Other current assets  $  176  $  -  $  -  Other assets  -  -  2,025  Total  $  176  $  -  $  2,025  Liabilities:  Sinclair Performance Warrants  $  -  $  -  $  69,564  Contingent consideration  -  -  34,931  Total  $  -  $  -  $  104,495   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

| December 31, 2020  (in thousands)  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Assets:  Contingent consideration  $  -  $  27,909  $  -  Liabilities:  Sinclair Performance Warrants  $  -  $  -  $  88,119  Sinclair Options  -  58,198  -  Total  $  -  $  58,198  $  88,119   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There were no transfers made among the three levels in the fair value hierarchy for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.

The  Performance  Warrants,  acquisition  related  contingent  consideration  payable  and  certain  other  assets  are  Level  3  fair  value  measurements.  A summary of the Level 3 activity is as follows:

| ( in thousands)  Performance  Warrants  Contingent  Consideration  Other Assets  Total  Beginning as of December 31, 2020  $  88,119  $  -  $  -  $  88,119  Additions in the period (acquisition fair value)  -  58,623  2,025  60,648  Change in fair value  (18,555)  (23,692)  -  (42,247)  Ending as of December 31, 2021  $  69,564  $  34,931  $  2,025  $  106,520   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Foreign exchange forward contracts

The fair values of foreign exchange forward contract assets and liabilities are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy as the valuation inputs are based on quoted prices and market observable data of similar instruments in active markets, such as currency spot and forward rates.

## Sinclair Performance Warrants

Sinclair Performance Warrants are accounted for as a derivative instrument classified as a liability within Level 3 of the hierarchy as the warrants are not traded in active markets and are subject to certain assumptions and estimates made by management related to the probability of meeting performance milestones.  These  assumptions  and  the  probability  of  meeting  performance  targets  may  have  a  significant  impact  on  the  value  of  the  warrant.  The Performance  warrants  are  valued  using  an  option  pricing  model,  considering  the  Company's  estimated  probabilities  of  achieving  the  performance milestones for each tranche. Inputs to this valuation approach include volatility of the Company's common stock trading price, risk free interest rates, the Company's common stock price as of the valuation date and expected terms.

## Contingent consideration

As of December 31, 2021, the Company's contingent consideration payable related to acquisitions is recorded at fair value as a liability on the acquisition date and is remeasured at each reporting date, based on significant inputs not observable in the market, which represents a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. In connection with the acquisitions of SportCaller and MKF on February 5, 2021 and March 23, 2021, respectively, the Company recorded contingent consideration at fair value of $58.6 million as of the acquisition dates. After the acquisition dates and until the contingencies are resolved, the fair value of contingent consideration payable is adjusted each reporting period based primarily on the expected probability of achievement of  the  contingency targets which are subject to management's estimate and the Company's stock price. These changes in fair value are recognized within 'Other, net' of the consolidated statements of operations.

As of December 31, 2020, the Company recorded a contingent consideration asset under ASC 805 in connection with its acquisition of Bally's Atlantic City whereby the seller would reimburse the Company for a capital expenditure commitment by December 31, 2021. This commitment was recognized at its present value of $27.7 million as of the acquisition date using inputs observable for the asset directly which represents a Level 2 measurement within the fair value hierarchy.

Refer to Note 5 'Acquisitions' for further information.

## Sinclair Options

As noted in Note 7 'Derivative Instruments,' as of December 31, 2020, the Sinclair Options were accounted for as a derivative liability. The fair value was based on a Black-Scholes model using Level 2 inputs, including volatility rates, risk free rates, the Company's common stock price and expected term. Upon stockholder approval on January 27, 2021, the Options met the criteria to be classified as equity.

## Other current assets

The Company has agreements with certain third-party sports betting operators for online sports betting and related iGaming market access. Pursuant to one of these agreements, the Company has a present right to payment for a fixed number of equity securities in exchange for market access. The Company recorded these securities as a stock receivable at their fair value based on quoted prices in active markets and classified within Level 1 of the hierarchy with changes to fair value included within 'Other, net' of the consolidated statements of operations.

## Other assets

The Company has certain agreements with vendors to provide a portfolio of games to its customers. Pursuant to one of these agreements, the Company has issued a loan to its vendor and has an option to convert the loan to shares of the vendor, exercisable within a specified time period. The Company recorded these instruments as 'Other Assets' at their fair value based on unobservable inputs and classified within Level 3 of the hierarchy.

## Long-term debt

The fair value of the Company's Term Loan Facility and senior notes are estimated based on quoted prices in active markets and is classified as a Level 1 measurement. The fair value of the Revolving Credit Facility approximates its carrying amount as it is revolving, variable rate debt, and is also classified as a Level 1 measurement. In the table below, the carrying amount of the Company's long-term debt is net of debt issuance costs and debt discounts. Refer to Note 12 'Long-Term Debt' for further information.

| December 31, 2021  December 31, 2020  (in thousands)  Carrying Amount  Fair Value  Carrying Amount  Fair Value  Term Loan Facility  $  1,897,030  $  1,945,000  $  548,891  $  569,125  6.75% Senior Notes due 2027  -  -  515,964  563,147  5.625% Senior Notes due 2029  732,660  746,250  -  -  5.875% Senior Notes due 2031  731,537  754,223  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 9.    ACCRUED LIABILITIES

As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, accrued liabilities consisted of the following:

| December 31,  (in thousands)  2021  2020  Gaming liabilities  $  170,508  $  33,795  Compensation  49,764  21,708  Interest payable  46,292  3,076  Construction accruals  18,931  2,151  Transaction services and net working capital accrual  18,516  7,174  Insurance reserve  10,766  7,188  Bally's trade name accrual, current portion  9,713  9,475  Other  76,938  35,488  Total accrued liabilities  $  401,428  $  120,055   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 10. SINCLAIR AGREEMENT

On November 18, 2020, the Company and Sinclair entered into a Framework Agreement (the 'Sinclair Agreement'), which provides for a long-term strategic relationship between the Company and Sinclair combining Bally's integrated, proprietary sports betting technology with Sinclair's portfolio of local broadcast stations and live regional sports networks and its Tennis Channel, Stadium sports network and STIRR streaming service, whereby the Company will receive naming rights to the regional sports networks and certain integrations to network programming in exchange for annual fees paid in cash, the issuance of warrants and options and an agreement to share in certain tax benefits resulting from the Transaction with Sinclair (the 'TRA'). The initial term of the agreement is 10 years from the commencement of date of the re-branded Sinclair regional sports networks and can be renewed for one additional 5-year term unless either the Company or Sinclair elect not to renew.

## Naming Rights Intangible Asset

Under the terms of the Sinclair Agreement, the Company is required to pay annual naming rights fees to Sinclair for naming rights of the regional sports networks which escalate annually and total $88.0 million over the 10-year term of the agreement beginning April 1, 2021. The Company accounted for this transaction as an asset acquisition in accordance with the 'Acquisition of Assets Rather Than a Business' subsections of ASC 805-50 using a cost accumulation model. The naming rights intangible asset represents the consideration transferred on the acquisition date comprised of the present value of  annual naming rights fees, the fair value of the warrants and options and an estimate of the tax receivable agreement payments, each explained below. The naming rights intangible asset was $337.4 million and $338.2 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Amortization began on April 1, 2021, the commencement date of the re-branded Sinclair regional sports networks, and was $25.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Refer to Note 6 'Goodwill and Intangible Assets' for further information.

## Naming Rights Fees

The present value of the annual naming rights fees was recorded as part of the cost of the naming rights intangible asset with a corresponding liability which will be accreted through interest expense over the life of the agreement. The total value of the liability as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 was $58.9 million and $56.6 million, respectively. The short-term portion of the liability, which was $ 2.0 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, is recorded within  'Accrued  liabilities'  and  the  long-term  portion  of  the  liability,  which  was  $ 56.9  million  and  $54.6  million  as  of  December  31,  2021  and  2020, respectively, is recorded within 'Naming rights liabilities' in the consolidated balance sheets. Accretion expense for the years ended December 31, 2021 and  2020  was  $4.3  million  and  $0.5  million,  respectively,  and  was  reported  in  'Interest  expense,  net  of  amounts  capitalized'  in  the  consolidated statements of operations.

## Warrants and Options

The Company has issued to Sinclair (i) an immediately exercisable warrant to purchase up to 4,915,726 shares of the Company at an exercise price of $0.01 per share ('the Penny Warrants'), (ii) a warrant to purchase up to a maximum of  3,279,337 additional shares of the Company at a price of $ 0.01 per share subject to the achievement of various performance metrics ('the Performance Warrants') and (iii) an option to purchase up to 1,639,669 additional shares in four tranches with purchase prices ranging from $30.00 to $45.00 per share, exercisable over a  seven-year period beginning on the fourth anniversary of the November 18, 2020 closing ('the Options'). The exercise and purchase prices and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and options are subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. The issuance pursuant to the warrants and options of shares in excess of 19.9% of the Company's currently outstanding shares was subject to the approval of the Company's stockholders in accordance with the rules of the New York Stock Exchange, which was obtained on January 27, 2021.

Penny Warrants - The Penny Warrants were determined to be an equity classified instrument because they are indexed to the Company's own stock and met the conditions to be classified as equity under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging , including sufficient available shares for the Company to settle the exercise of the warrants in shares. The fair value of the Penny Warrants approximates the fair value of the underlying shares and was $150.4 million on November 18, 2020 at issuance and was recorded to 'Additional paid-in-capital' in the consolidated balance sheets, with an offset to the naming rights intangible asset.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Performance Warrants - The Performance Warrants are accounted for as a derivative liability because the underlying performance metrics represent an adjustment to the settlement amount that is not indexed to the Company's own stock and thus equity classification is precluded under ASC 815. The fair value  as  of  December  31,  2021  and  2020  was  $69.6  million  and  $88.1  million,  respectively,  and  was  calculated  using  an  option  pricing  model, considering the Company's estimated probabilities of achieving the performance milestones for each tranche. Inputs to this valuation approach include volatility  between 55%  and 60%, risk free rates between 0.34%  and 0.52%, the Company's common stock price for each period and expected terms between 4.4 and 6.0 years. The fair value is recorded within 'Naming Rights liabilities' of the consolidated balance sheets.

Options - As of December 31, 2020, the Options were accounted for as a derivative liability because the Options could have been required to be settled in cash, outside the Company's control, prior to formal stockholder approval. The fair value of the Options as of December 31, 2020 was $58.2 million. Upon stockholder approval on January 27, 2021, the Options met the criteria to be classified as equity, at which point, the Options were adjusted to fair value and $59.7 million was reclassified from 'Naming rights liabilities' to 'Additional paid-in-capital' in the consolidated balance sheet. The change in fair value of the Options from November 18, 2020 through December 31, 2020 was $24.8 million and was $1.5 million for December 31, 2020 through January 27, 2021, resulting in mark to market losses in the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, reported in 'Change in value of naming rights liabilities' in the consolidated statements of operations. Refer to Note 7 'Derivative Instruments' for further information.

## Tax Receivable Agreement

The Company is required to share  60% of the tax benefit the Company receives from the Penny Warrants, Options, Performance Warrants and payments under  the  TRA  with  Sinclair  over  the  term  of  the  agreement  as  tax  benefit  amounts  are  determined  through  the  filing  of  the  Company's  annual  tax returns. Changes in estimate of the tax benefit to be realized and tax rates in effect at the time, among other changes, are treated as an adjustment to the naming rights intangible asset. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the estimate of the TRA liability was $42.2 million and $43.0 million, respectively, and was included in 'Naming rights liabilities' in the consolidated balance sheets. The change in value of the TRA liability, in the amount of $(0.8) million and $5.9  million  for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2021  and  2020,  respectively,  is  included  in  'Change  in  value  of  naming  rights  liabilities'  in  the consolidated  statements  of  operations.  The  ending  Naming  rights  intangible  asset  as  of  December  31,  2021  and  2020  was  $337.4  million  and $338.2 million, respectively. Refer to Note 6 'Goodwill and Intangible Assets' for further information.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 11.    ACQUISITION, INTEGRATION AND RESTRUCTURING

The following table reflects acquisition, integration and restructuring expense the Company recorded during the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019:

| Years Ended December 31,  (in thousands)  2021  2020  2019  Acquisition and integration costs:  Gamesys  $  43,495  $  -  $  -  Bally's Evansville  6,702  661  -  North America Interactive acquisitions  5,348  -  -  Bally's Quad Cities  2,026  1,003  -  Richmond, Virginia  1,899  -  -  Bally's Atlantic City  1,191  4,373  -  Bally's Shreveport  1,023  3,108  -  Bally's Lake Tahoe  966  1,052  -  Bally's Kansas City and Bally's Vicksburg  108  1,828  1,293  Bally's Dover merger and going public expenses  -  59  7,883  Other  7,371  1,153  1,724  Total  70,129  13,237  10,900  Restructuring expense  1,159  20  1,268  Total acquisition, integration and restructuring expense  $  71,288  $  13,257  $  12,168  (1)  (2)  (3)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(1)        Includes  costs  associated  with  the  acquisitions  of  Bally's  Interactive,  SportCaller,  MKF,  AVP,  Telescope  and  Degree  53,  which  are  included  within  the  North  America Interactive segment.

(2)    Costs associated with a proposal to develop a casino in the City of Richmond, Virginia, which the Company is no longer pursuing.

(3)    Includes costs in connection with the development of a casino in Centre County, Pennsylvania in addition to the acquisitions of Bally's Black Hawk and Bally's Dover, the pending acquisition of Tropicana Las Vegas and other pending and closed transactions.

## Restructuring Expense

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred restructuring expense of $ 1.2 million attributable to severance costs incurred.  The following table summarizes the restructuring liability accrual activity by segment during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020:

| Severance  (in thousands)  Casinos &amp; Resorts  North America  Interactive  International  Interactive  Total  Restructuring liability as of December 31, 2019  $  23  $  -  $  -  $  23  Additions  20  -  20  Payments  (43)  -  (43)  Restructuring liability as of December 31, 2020  -  -  -  -  Additions  -  142  1,017  1,159  Payments  -  -  (753)  (753)  Restructuring liability as of December 31, 2021  $  -  $  142  $  264  $  406   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12.    LONG-TERM DEBT

As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, long-term debt consisted of the following:

| December 31,  (in thousands)  2021  2020  Term Loan Facility  $  1,945,000  $  569,125  Revolving Credit Facility  85,000  35,000  6.75% Senior Notes due 2027  -  525,000  5.625% Senior Notes due 2029  750,000  -  5.875% Senior Notes due 2031  750,000  -  Less: Unamortized original issue discount  (31,425)  (11,771)  Less: Unamortized deferred financing fees  (52,348)  (17,499)  Long-term debt, including current portion  3,446,227  1,099,855  Less: Current portion of Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility  (19,450)  (5,750)  Long-term debt, net of discount and deferred financing fees; excluding current portion  $  3,426,777  $  1,094,105   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## May 2019 Senior Secured Credit Facility

On  May  10,  2019,  the  Company  entered  into  a  credit  agreement  with  Citizens  Bank,  N.A.,  as  administrative  agent,  and  the  lenders  party  thereto, consisting of a $300 million term loan B facility and a $ 250 million revolving credit facility. On May 11, 2020, the Company amended the credit agreement to  increase  the  term  loan  facility  by  $275  million  to  $525  million.  On  March  9,  2021,  the  Company  amended  the  credit  agreement  to  increase  the borrowing limit under the revolving credit facility to $325 million.

The  Company's  obligations  under  the  revolving  credit  facility  and  the  term  loan  facility  were  terminated  and  amounts  outstanding  were  repaid  in connection with the Company's entry into the Credit Facility on October 1, 2021 as described below.

## 6.75% Senior Notes due 2027

On May 10, 2019, the Company, issued $ 400 million aggregate principal amount of 6.75% unsecured senior notes due June 1, 2027 and, on October 9, 2020, the Company issued an additional $125 million aggregate principal amount of 6.75% unsecured senior notes due June 1, 2027 (together, the '2027 Notes').

On September 7, 2021, the Company redeemed $ 210 million aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Notes at a redemption price of  106.750% of the principal  amount  using  a  portion  of  the  proceeds  of  the  Company's  April  2021  public  offering  of  common  stock.  On  October  5,  2021,  the  Company redeemed the remaining $315 million aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Notes at a redemption price of  109.074% of the principal amount using a portion of the proceeds of its Term Loan Facility. As of December 31, 2021, no amounts pertaining to these 2027 Notes remained outstanding.

In  connection  with  the  termination  of  the  prior  credit  agreement  and  the  2027  Notes,  the  Company  recorded  a  loss  on  extinguishment  of  debt  of $103.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2021.

## Senior Notes

On August 20, 2021, two unrestricted subsidiaries (together, the 'Escrow Issuers') of the Company issued $ 750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.625% senior notes due 2029 (the '2029 Notes') and $ 750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.875% Senior Notes due 2031 (the '2031 Notes' and, together with the 2029 Notes, the 'Senior Notes'). The Senior Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of August 20, 2021, among the Escrow Issuers  and  U.S.  Bank  National  Association,  as  trustee.  Certain  of  the  net  proceeds  from  the  Senior  Notes  offering  were  placed  in  escrow accounts for use in connection with the Gamesys acquisition. On October 1, 2021, upon the closing of the Gamesys acquisition, the Company assumed the issuer obligation under the Senior Notes. The Senior Notes are guaranteed, jointly and severally, by each of the Company's restricted subsidiaries that guarantees the Company's obligations under its Credit Facility.

The 2029 Notes mature on September 1, 2029 and the 2031 Notes mature on September 1, 2031. Interest is payable on the Senior Notes in cash semiannually on March 1 and September 1 of each year, beginning on March 1, 2022.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Company may redeem some or all of the Senior Notes at any time prior to September 1, 2024, in the case of the 2029 Notes, and September 1, 2026, in the case of the 2031 Notes, at prices equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Senior Notes to be redeemed plus certain 'make-whole' premiums, plus  accrued  and  unpaid  interest.  In  addition,  prior  to  September  1,  2024,  the  Company  may  redeem  up  to 40%  of  the  original  principal amount of each series of the Senior Notes with proceeds of certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal to 105.625% of the principal amount, in the case of the 2029 Notes, and 105.875%, in the case of the 2031 Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Company may redeem some or all of the Senior Notes at any time on or after September 1, 2024, in the case of the 2029 Notes, and September 1, 2026, in the case of the 2031 Notes, at certain redemption prices set forth in the indenture plus accrued and unpaid interest.

The  indenture  contains  covenants  that  limit  the  ability  of  the  Company  and  its  restricted  subsidiaries  to,  among  other  things,  (1)  incur  additional indebtedness, (2) pay dividends on or make distributions in respect of capital stock or make certain other restricted payments or investments, (3) enter into certain transactions with affiliates, (4) sell or otherwise dispose of assets, (5) create or incur liens and (6) merge, consolidate or sell all or substantially all of the Company's assets. These covenants are subject to exceptions and qualifications set forth in the indenture.

## Credit Facility

On October 1, 2021, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries entered into a credit agreement (the 'Credit Agreement') with Deutsche Bank AG New York  Branch,  as  administrative  agent  and  collateral  agent,  and  the  other  lenders  party  thereto,  providing  for  senior  secured  financing  of  up  to $2.565 billion, consisting of a senior secured term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $ 1.945 billion (the 'Term Loan Facility'), which will mature in 2028, and a senior secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of $620.0 million (the 'Revolving Credit Facility'), which will mature in 2026.

The credit facilities allow the Company to increase the size of the Term Loan Facility or request one or more incremental term loan facilities or increase commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility or add one or more incremental revolving facilities in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of $650 million and 100% of the Company's consolidated EBITDA for the most recent four-quarter period plus or minus certain amounts as specified in the Credit  Agreement,  including  an  unlimited  amount  subject  to  compliance  with  a  consolidated  total  secured  net  leverage  ratio  as  set  out  in  the  Credit Agreement.

The  credit  facilities  are  guaranteed  by  the  Company's  restricted  subsidiaries,  subject  to  certain  exceptions,  and  secured  by  a  first-priority  lien  on substantially all of the Company's and each of the guarantors' assets, subject to certain exceptions.

Borrowings under the credit facilities bear interest at a rate equal to, at the Company's option, either (1) LIBOR determined by reference to the costs of funds for USD deposits for the interest period relevant to such borrowing, adjusted for certain additional costs and subject to a floor of 0.50% in the case of term loans and 0.00% in the case of revolving loans or (2) a base rate determined by reference to the greatest of (a) the federal funds rate plus 0.50%, (b) the prime rate, (c) the one-month LIBOR rate plus 1.00%, (d) solely in the case of term loans,  1.50% and (e) solely in the case of revolving loans, 1.00%, in each case of clauses (1) and (2), plus an applicable margin. In addition, on a quarterly basis, the Company is required to pay each lender under the  Revolving  Credit  Facility  a 0.50%  or 0.375%  commitment  fee  in  respect  of  commitments  under  the  Revolving  Credit  Facility,  with  the  applicable commitment fee determined based on the Company's total net leverage ratio.

The  credit  facilities  contain  covenants  that  limit  the  ability  of  the  Company  and  its  restricted  subsidiaries  to,  among  other  things,  incur  additional indebtedness, pay dividends or make certain other restricted payments, sell assets, make certain investments and grant liens. These covenants are subject  to  exceptions  and  qualifications  set  forth  in  the  Credit  Agreement.  The  Revolving  Credit  Facility  contains  a  financial  covenant  regarding  a maximum first lien net leverage ratio that applies when borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility exceed 30% of the total revolving commitment. As of December 31, 2021, the Company's borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility did not exceed 30% and therefore, financial covenants did not apply.

## Debt Maturities

As of December 31, 2021, the contractual annual principal maturities of long-term debt, including the Revolving Credit Facility, are as follows:

| (in thousands)  2022  $  19,450  2023  19,450  2024  19,450  2025  19,450  2026  104,450  Thereafter  3,347,750  $  3,530,000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13.    LEASES

## GLPI Master Lease

In connection with the acquisition of Bally's Evansville, an affiliate of GLPI agreed to acquire the real estate associated with the Evansville Casino from the Seller for $340.0 million and lease it to the Company under a master lease agreement (the 'Master Lease'). GLPI also agreed to acquire the real estate associated with Bally's Dover for $144.0 million and lease it back to the Company under the Master Lease. The Master Lease with GLPI has an initial  term  of 15  years  and  includes  four,  five-year  options  to  renew  and  requires  combined  minimum  annual  payments  of  $ 40.0  million,  subject  to escalation. The acquisition of Bally's Evansville and commencement of the Master Lease was June 4, 2021.

During  the  second  quarter  of  2021,  the  Company  sold  the  real  estate  associated  with  Bally's  Dover  to  GLPI  and  recorded  a  gain  of  $ 53.4  million representing the difference in the transaction price and the derecognition of assets. This gain is reflected as 'Gain on sale-leaseback' in the consolidated statements of operations.

During the second quarter of 2021, the Company recognized a lease liability and corresponding right of use asset of $ 117.3 million and $276.9 million related to Bally's Dover and Bally's Evansville, respectively. These leases are accounted for as operating leases within the provisions of ASC 842, over the lease term or until a re-assessment event occurs.

## Operating Leases

In addition to the operating lease components under the Master Lease, the Company is committed under various long-term operating lease agreements primarily related to submerged tidelands, property and equipment at Hard Rock Biloxi, Bally's Kansas City, Bally's Shreveport and Bally's Lake Tahoe. These  leases  include  various  renewal  options  which  are  included  in  the  lease  term  when  the  Company  has  determined  it  is  reasonably  certain  of exercising  the  options.  Certain  of  these  leases  include  percentage  rent  payments  based  on  property  revenues  and/or  rent  escalation  provisions determined by increases in the CPI. These percentage rent and escalation provisions are treated as variable lease payments and recognized as lease expense in the period in which the obligation for those payments are incurred. Discount rates used to determine the present value of the lease payments are based on a credit-adjusted secured borrowing rate commensurate with the term of the lease.

In  the  second quarter of 2021, in connection with the acquisition of Bally's Lake Tahoe, the Company assumed a lease for the real estate and land underlying the operations of Bally's Lake Tahoe facility. The original term of the lease expires on December 31, 2035, at which point the Company will have five options to renew the lease for additional periods of five years each. The renewal options have not been included in the calculation of the lease liability or right of use asset as the Company is not reasonably certain to exercise the options. The fixed rent due under the lease can escalate each year based on changes in CPI. Additionally, the Company is obligated to pay an annual percentage rent based on property net revenues.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## BALLY'S CORPORATION

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Additionally,  certain  of  the  Company's  subsidiaries  lease  office  space,  data  centers,  parking  space,  memorabilia  and  equipment  under  agreements classified as operating leases that expire on various dates through 2030. Variable expenses generally represent the Company's share of the landlord's operating expenses, percentage rent and CPI increases. The Company does not have any leases classified as financing leases.

The Company had operating lease liabilities of $ 531.0 million and $63.5 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and right of use assets of $507.8 million and $36.1 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which were included in the consolidated balance sheets.

The Company's total lease cost under ASC 842 for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 is as follows:

| Year Ended December 31,  (in thousands)  2021  2020  2019  Operating leases:  Operating lease cost  $  36,354  $  3,256  $  2,430  Variable lease cost  4,191  56  66  Operating lease expense  40,545  3,312  2,496  Short-term lease expense  11,746  2,158  1,830  Total lease expense  $  52,291  $  5,470  $  4,326   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Supplemental cash flow and other information for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, related to operating leases is as follows:

| Year Ended December 31,  ($ in thousands)  2021  2020  Cash paid for amounts included in the lease liability - operating cash flows from operating  leases  $  37,032  $  5,235  Right of use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities  $  818,405  $  9,376  Weighted average remaining lease term  15.3 years  24.3 years  Weighted average discount rate  6.1 %  7.3 %   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2021, future minimum rental commitments under noncancelable operating leases are as follows:

| 2021  (in thousands)  2022  $  55,648  2023  55,486  2024  54,969  2025  53,991  2026  53,168  Thereafter  561,534  Total  834,796  Less: present value discount  (303,815)  Operating lease obligations  $  530,981   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Future operating lease payments as shown above include $ 87.7 million related to extension options that are reasonably certain of being exercised.

The Company also has leasing arrangements with third-party lessees at its properties. Leasing arrangements for which the Company acts as a lessor are not deemed material as of December 31, 2021.

## 14.    EQUITY PLANS

## Equity Incentive Plans

The Company has three equity incentive plans: the 2010 BLB Worldwide Holdings, Inc. Stock Option Plan (the '2010 Option Plan'), the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan ('2015 Incentive Plan') and the Bally's Corporation 2021 Equity Incentive Plan ('2021 Incentive Plan'), collectively (the 'Equity Incentive Plans').

The 2010 Option Plan provided for options to acquire  2,455,368 shares of the Company's common stock. Options granted to employees, officers and directors  of  the  Company  under  the  2010  Option  Plan  vested  on  various  schedules  by  individual  as  defined  in  the  individual  participants'  option agreements. Vested options can generally be exercised all or in part at any time until the tenth anniversary of the date of grant. Effective December 9, 2015, it was determined that no new awards would be granted under the 2010 Option Plan.

The 2015 Incentive Plan provided for the grant of stock options, RSAs, RSUs, PSUs and other stock-based awards ('OSBAs') (collectively, 'restricted awards')  (including  those  with  performance-based  vesting  criteria)  to  employees,  directors  or  consultants  of  the  Company.  The  2015  Incentive  Plan authorized for the issuance of up to 1,700,000 shares of the Company's common stock pursuant to grants of awards made under the plan. Effective May 18, 2021, no new awards were granted under the 2015 Incentive Plan as a result of the new 2021 Incentive Plan being approved at the Company's 2021 Annual Shareholder Meeting. The 2021 Incentive Plan provides for the grant of stock options, RSAs, RSUs, PSUs and other awards (including those with performance-based vesting criteria) to employees, directors or consultants of the Company. The 4,250,000 shares of the Company's common stock, decreased  by  the  number  of  shares  subject  to  awards  granted  under  the  2015  Incentive  Plan  between  December  31,  2020  and  May  18,  2021,  or 221,464 shares, plus any shares subject to awards granted under the 2021 Incentive Plan or the 2015 Incentive Plan that are added back to the share pool  under  the  2021  Incentive  Plan  pursuant  to  the  plan's  share  counting  rules,  are  authorized  for  issuance  under  the  2021  Incentive  Plan.  As  of December 31, 2021, 3,364,623 shares were available for grant under the 2021 Incentive Plan.

The Company recognized total share-based compensation expense of $ 20.1 million, $17.7 million and $3.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The total income tax benefit for share-based compensation arrangements was $5.1 million, $6.9 million, and $0.9 million, for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

As of December 31, 2021, there was $ 37.6 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to outstanding share-based compensation arrangements (including stock options, RSA, RSU and PSU arrangements) which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.3 years.

## Stock Options

Stock option activity under the 2010 Option Plan for the year ended December 31, 2021 is as follows:

| Shares  Weighted  Average  Exercise  Price  Weighted Average  Remaining  Contractual Term  Aggregate Intrinsic  Value  Outstanding at December 31, 2020  90,000  $  4.31  Exercised  (70,000)  $  4.31  Outstanding at December 31, 2021  20,000  $  4.31  1.9 years  $  0.7  million  Exercisable at December 31, 2021  20,000  $  4.31  1.9 years  $  0.7  million   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There were no stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 or 2019.

The total intrinsic value of options exercised was $ 3.4 million and $0.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. There were no options exercised for the year ended December 31, 2019.

There were no unvested stock option awards outstanding as of December 31, 2021. There was  no remaining compensation cost relating to unvested stock options as of December 31, 2021, 2020 or 2019.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Restricted Stock Units and Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units

Under the 2015 Incentive Plan, RSUs and PSUs have been awarded to eligible employees, members of the Company's senior management and certain members of its Board of Directors. Each RSU and PSU represents the right to receive one share of the Company's common stock. RSUs generally vest in one-third increments over a three year period, and compensation cost is recognized over the respective service periods based on the grant date fair value.  PSUs  generally  vest  over  a  two  or  three  year  period  depending  on  the  individual  award  agreement  and  become  eligible  for  vesting  upon attainment of performance objectives for the performance period. The number of PSUs that may become eligible for vesting varies and is dependent upon  whether  the  performance  targets  are  met,  partially  met  or  exceeded  each  year.  The  fair  value  of  RSUs  and  PSUs  issued  subsequent  to  the Company becoming publicly traded in 2019 are determined based on the number of units granted and the quoted price of the Company's common stock as of the grant date.

Under the terms of the above awards, shares of the Company's stock are issued upon vesting of the awards, unless deferral is elected by the participant at the time of the award.

The following summary presents information of equity-classified RSU and PSU activity for the year ended December 31, 2021:

| Restricted Stock  Units  Performance  Stock Units  Weighted  Average  Grant Date  Fair Value  Outstanding at December 31, 2020  414,409  31,478  $  36.12  Granted  726,149  56,025  53.52  Vested  (165,651)  (31,478)  41.89  Forfeited  (14,414)  (26,030)  49.37  Outstanding at December 31, 2021  960,493  29,995  $  48.28   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The weighted average grant date fair value for RSUs and PSUs was $ 53.52, $31.27 and $30.68 in 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively.

The total  intrinsic  value  of  RSUs  vested  was  $ 9.1 million, $23.7 million and $5.4  million,  for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2021,  2020  and  2019, respectively.

For PSU awards, performance objectives for each year are established no later than 90 days following the start of the year. As the performance targets have  not  yet  been  established  for  the  PSUs  that  are  eligible  to  be  earned  in  2022,  a  grant  date  has  not  yet  been  established  for  those  awards  in accordance with ASC 718. The grant date for the 2021, 2020 and 2019 performance periods have been established and, based upon achievement of the performance  criteria  for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2021,  2020  and  2019, 29,995,  31,478  and 48,525  PSUs,  respectively,  became  eligible  for vesting.

## Other Stock Based Awards

On December 30, 2020, the Company issued OSBAs in the form of immediately vested common stock to eligible employees, members of the Company's senior management and certain members of its Board of Directors under the 2015 Incentive Plan. These OSBAs were awarded in recognition of the strategic accomplishments of individuals and the Company as a whole for fiscal 2020 in lieu of potential cash incentive compensation. The Company elected to utilize stock as form of compensation in an effort to preserve liquidity for the Company in light of COVID-19 and its impact on operations. Total net shares awarded on December 30, 2020 were 131,046 and the associated expense recognized was $ 6.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2020.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 15.    STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

## Capital Return Program and Quarterly Cash Dividends

On June 14, 2019, the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved a capital return program under which the Company may expend a total of up to $250 million for a share repurchase program and payment of dividends. On February 10, 2020 and October 4, 2021, the Board of Directors approved an increase in the capital return program of $100 million and $350 million, respectively. Share repurchases may be effected in various ways, which could include open-market or private repurchase transactions, accelerated stock repurchase programs, tender offers or other transactions. The amount, timing and terms of any return of capital transaction will be determined based on prevailing market conditions and other factors. The Company expects to fund any share repurchases and dividends from existing capital resources. There is no fixed time period to complete share repurchases.

On July  26,  2019,  the  Company  completed  a  modified  Dutch  auction  tender  offer  ('Offer'),  purchasing  2,504,971 common shares at an aggregate purchase price  of  $73.9  million.  The  Offer  was  funded  with  cash  on  hand.  During  the  year  ended  December  31,  2019,  in  addition  to  those  shares purchased as part of the Offer, the Company repurchased 6,558,379 shares under the capital return program for an aggregate cost of $ 148.8 million.

Total share repurchase activity during the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 is as follows:

| Year Ended December 31,  (in thousands, except share and per share data)  2021  2020  2019  Number of common shares repurchased  2,188,532  1,812,393  9,079,690  Total cost  $  87,024  $  33,292  $  223,075  Average cost per share, including commissions  $  39.76  $  18.37  $  24.57   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All  shares  repurchased  during  the  years  ended  December  31,  2020  and  2019  were  transferred  to  treasury  stock.  The  Company  retired 3,492,222, 10,892,083 and 1,431,980 shares of its common stock held in treasury during the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The shares were returned to the status of authorized but unissued shares. As of December 31, 2021, there were 795,578 shares remaining in treasury.

During the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company paid cash dividends of $ 0.10 and $0.20 per common share for a total cost of approximately  $3.2  million  and  $7.6  million,  respectively.  There  were  no  cash  dividends  paid  during  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021.  As  of December 31,  2021  and  2020,  $347.9  million  and  $84.9  million,  respectively,  remained  available  for  use  under  the  above-mentioned  capital  return program.

## Common Stock Offering

On April 20, 2021, the Company completed an underwritten public offering of common stock at a price to the public of $ 55.00 per share. The Company issued a total of 12,650,000 shares of Bally's common stock in the offering, which included  1,650,000 shares issued pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriters' over-allotment option.

The net proceeds from the offering were approximately $671.4 million, after deducting underwriting discounts, but before expenses.

On April  20,  2021,  the  Company  issued  to  affiliates  of  Sinclair  a  warrant  to  purchase  909,090 common shares for an aggregate purchase price of $50.0 million, the same price per share as the public offering price in Bally's common stock public offering ($ 55.00 per share). The net proceeds were used to finance a portion of the purchase price of the Gamesys acquisition.

The exercise price of the warrant is nominal and its exercise is subject to, among other conditions, requisite gaming authority approvals. Sinclair agreed not to acquire more than 4.9% of Bally's outstanding common shares without such approvals. In addition, in accordance with the agreements that Bally's and Sinclair entered into in November 2020, Sinclair exchanged 2,086,908 common shares for substantially identical warrants.

## Changes to Authorized Shares

On May 18, 2021, following receipt of required shareholder approvals, the Company amended its Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized  shares  of  common  stock  from 100  million  to 200  million,  and  authorize  the  issuance  of  up  to  10  million  shares  of  preferred  stock.  As  of December 31, 2021, no shares of preferred stock have been issued.

## Shares Outstanding

As of December 31, 2021, the Company had  52,254,477 common shares outstanding. The Company issued warrants, options and other contingent consideration in acquisitions and strategic partnerships that are expected to result in the issuance of common shares in future periods resulting from the exercise of warrants and options or the achievement of certain performance targets. These incremental shares are summarized below:

| Sinclair Penny Warrants (Note 10)  7,911,724  Sinclair Performance Warrants (Note 10)  3,279,337  Sinclair Options  (Note 10)  1,639,669  MKF penny warrants (Note 5)  24,611  MKF contingent shares (Note 5)  787,557  Telescope contingent shares (Note 5)  75,678  SportCaller contingent shares  (Note 5)  231,932  Outstanding awards under Equity Incentive Plans (Note 14)  1,010,488  14,960,996  (1)  (2)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(1)    Consists of four equal tranches to purchase shares with exercise prices ranging from $30.00 to $45.00 per share, exercisable over a seven-year period beginning on the fourth anniversary of the November 18, 2020 closing of the Sinclair Agreement.

(2)    The contingent consideration related to the SportCaller acquisition is 10M EUR, payable in shares subject to certain post-acquisition earnout targets and based on share price at time of payment. For purposes of this estimate, the Company used the EUR&gt;US Dollar conversion rate of 0.8827 as of December 31, 2021 and the closing share price of Company common shares of $38.06 per share to calculate the shares expected to be issued if all earn-out targets are met.

## 16.    EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS

## Multi-employer Defined Benefit Plans

The  Company  participates  in  and  contributes  to  a  number  of  multiemployer  defined  benefit  pension  plans  under  the  terms  of  collective-bargaining agreements that cover certain  of  its  union-represented  employees.  The  risks  of  participating  in  these  multi-employer  plans  are  different  from  singleemployer plans in the following aspects:

- a. Assets  contributed  to  the  multi-employer  plan  by  one  employer  may  be  used  to  provide  benefits  to  employees  of  other  participating employers.
- b. If a participating employer stops contributing to the plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers.
- c. If  the  Company chooses to stop participating in some of its multi-employer plans, the Company may be required to pay those plans an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan, referred to as a withdrawal liability.

The following table outlines the Company's participation in multi-employer pension plans for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 and sets  forth  the  calendar  year  contributions  and  accruals  for  each  plan.  The  'EIN/Pension  Plan  Number'  column  provides  the  Employer  Identification Number ('EIN') and the three-digit plan number. The most recent Pension Protection Act zone status available in 2021 and 2020 relates to the plans' two most recent fiscal year-ends. The zone status is based on information that the Company received from the plans' administrators and is certified by each plan's actuary. Plans certified in the red zone are generally less than 65% funded, plans certified in the orange zone are both less than 80% funded and have an accumulated funding deficiency or are expected to have a deficiency in any of the next six plan years, plans certified in the yellow zone are less than 80% funded and plans certified in the green zone are at least 80% funded. The 'FIP/RP Status Pending/Implemented' column indicates whether a financial  improvement  plan  ('FIP')  for  yellow/orange  zone  plans,  or  a  rehabilitation  plan  ('RP')  for  red  zone  plans,  is  either  pending  or  has  been implemented. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, all plans that have either a FIP or RP requirement have had the respective plan implemented.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

| EIN/ Pension  Plan Number  Pension Protection  Act  Zone Status  FIP/RP Status  Pending/  Implemented  Contributions and Accruals  (in $000's)  Company  Contributions &gt;  5%  Union  Contract  Expires  Pension Fund  2021  2020  2021  2020  2019  SEIU National Industry  Pension Fund  52-6148540  Red  Red  Yes/Implemented  $  460  $  366  $  910  No  4/30/2022  New England Carpenters  Pension Fund  51-6040899  Green  Green  No  75  91  121  No  5/31/2024  Plumbers and Pipefitters  Pension Fund  52-6152779  Yellow  Yellow  Yes/Implemented  175  171  299  No  8/31/2022  Rhode Island Laborers  Pension Fund  51-6095806  Green  Green  No  671  483  785  No  10/31/2022  New England Teamsters  Pension Fund  04-6372430  Red  Red  Yes/Implemented  254  230  361  No  6/30/2023  The Legacy Plan of the  UNITE HERE Retirement  Fund  82-0994119/001  Red  Red  Yes/Implemented  1,319  578  936  No  6/30/2022  The Adjustable Plan of the  UNITE HERE Retirement  Fund  82-0994119/002  N/A  N/A  No  5/31/2022  Local 68 Engineers Union  Pension Fund  51-0176618  Red  Red  Yes/Implemented  269  22  -  No  6/30/2022  Northeast Carpenters  Pension Fund  11-1991772  Green  Green  No  122  10  -  No  4/30/2022  International Painters and  Allied Trades Industry  Pension Fund  52-6073909  Red  Red  Yes/Implemented  80  5  -  No  4/30/2022  Total Contributions  $ 3,425  $ 1,956  $ 3,412  (1)  (3)  (3)  (2)  (2)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(1) Effective January 1, 2018, the Rhode Island Carpenters Pension Fund (05-6016572) merged into the New England Carpenters Pension Fund.

(2) The Plan is not subject to the Pension Protection Act of 2016 zone status certification rule.

(3) Formerly listed as Hotel &amp; Restaurant Employees International Pension Fund - Allocations of contributions between the two plans are determined by the plan administrator. Unions at Bally's Twin River and Bally's Atlantic City participate in the UNITE HERE Retirement funds.

Contributions,  based  on  wages  paid  to  covered  employees  totaled  approximately  $ 3.4  million,  $2.0  million  and  $3.4  million  for  the  years  ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. These aggregate contributions were not individually significant to any of the respective plans. The Company's share of the unfunded vested liability related to its multi-employer plans, if any, other than the New England Teamsters and Trucking Industry Pension Fund discussed below, is not determinable.

Under the terms of certain collective bargaining agreements, the Company contributes to a number of multi-employer annuity funds. Contributions are made at a fixed rate per hour worked, in accordance with the collective bargaining agreements. These plans are not subject to the withdrawal liability provisions applicable to multi-employer defined benefit pension plans. Contributions made to these plans by the Company were $ 2.5 million, $1.2 million and $2.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

## Dover Downs Defined Benefit Pension Plans

The Company acquired two defined pension plans with the acquisition of Dover Downs on March 28, 2019, the Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment, Inc.  Pension Plan ('Dover Downs Pension Plan') and the Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment, Inc Excess Pension Plan, which was settled as of March 31, 2019. The acquisition resulted in a revaluation of the benefit pension plan obligation as of the acquisition date.

## Dover Downs Pension Plan

Dover  Downs maintained  the  Dover  Downs  Pension  Plan,  a  non-contributory,  tax  qualified  defined  benefit  pension  plan  that  has  been  frozen  since July  2011.  All  full-time  employees  and  part-time  employees  who  worked  over 1,000  hours  per  year  were  eligible  to  participate  in  the  Dover  Downs Pension  Plan.  Benefits  provided  by  the  qualified  pension  plan  were  based  on  years  of  service  and  employees'  remuneration  over  their  term  of employment. Compensation earned by employees up to July 31, 2011 is used for purposes of calculating benefits under the Dover Downs Pension Plan with no future benefit accruals after this date.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the defined benefit pension plan, the accumulated benefit obligation is equal to the projected benefit obligation. The following tables present the benefit obligation, fair value of plan assets and funded status of the plan:

| Year Ended December 31,  (in thousands)  2021  2020  2019  Changes in Benefit Obligation  Beginning benefit obligation  $  30,935  $  27,849  $  24,067  Interest cost  760  897  666  Actuarial (gain) loss  (1,967)  3,069  3,588  Benefits paid  (921)  (880)  (472)  Benefit obligation at end of year  $  28,807  $  30,935  $  27,849  Changes in Plan Assets  Beginning fair value of plan assets  $  21,721  $  19,162  $  17,454  Actual return on plan assets  2,690  2,653  1,815  Employer contributions  670  786  365  Benefits paid  (921)  (880)  (472)  Fair value of plan assets at end of year  $  24,160  $  21,721  $  19,162  Unfunded status at end of year  $  (4,647)  $  (9,214)  $  (8,687)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Net periodic benefit (income) cost and other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized consist of the following:

| Year Ended December 31,  (in thousands)  2021  2020  2019  Net Periodic Benefit (Income) Cost  Interest cost  $  760  $  897  $  666  Expected return on plan assets  (1,618)  (1,428)  (967)  Amortization of net loss  104  -  -  Net periodic benefit income  $  (754)  $  (531)  $  (301)  Other Changes in Plan Assets and Benefit Obligations Recognized in  Other Comprehensive Income  Net actuarial (gain) loss  $  (3,144)  $  1,844  $  2,740  Total (income) expense recognized in other comprehensive loss  $  (3,144)  $  1,844  $  2,740  Total (income) expense recognized in net periodic benefit cost (income) and  other comprehensive loss  $  (3,898)  $  1,313  $  2,439   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No estimated net actuarial gain is expected to be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into net periodic benefit cost for the Dover Downs Pension Plan for the year ending December 31, 2022.

Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 consist of non-current liabilities of $ 4.6 million and $9.2 million, respectively.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The principal assumptions used to determine net periodic pension benefit cost and benefit obligation under the Dover Downs Pension Plan consist of the following:

| Year Ended December 31,  2021  2020  2019  Benefit obligation assumptions:  Discount rate  2.86 %  2.55 %  3.28 %  Net periodic benefit cost assumptions:  Discount rate  2.55 %  3.28 %  4.05 %  Expected return on plan assets  7.5 %  7.5 %  7.5 %  Average future years of service  8.9  8.9  n/a   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company utilizes a spot rate approach to determine the benefit obligation and the subsequent years' interest cost component of the net periodic pension benefit. This method uses individual spot rates along the yield curve that correspond with the timing of each benefit payment and will provide a more precise measurement of the interest cost by improving the correlation between projected benefit cash flows and the corresponding spot yield curve rates.  The  Society  of  Actuaries'  RP  2014  Total  Employee  and  Healthy  Annuitant  Mortality  Tables  rolled  back  to  2006  and  projected  with  Mortality Improvement Scale MP-2018 are also utilized.

For 2021, the assumed long-term rate of return on plan assets is  7.5%. In developing the expected long-term rate of return assumption, the Company reviewed asset class return expectations and long-term inflation assumptions and considered its historical compounded return, which was consistent with its long-term rate of return assumption.

The Company's investment goals for the Dover Downs Pension Plan assets are to achieve a combination of moderate growth of capital and income with moderate risk. Acceptable investment vehicles will include mutual funds, exchange-traded funds ('ETFs'), limited partnerships and individual securities. Target allocations for plan assets are 60% equities and  40% fixed income. Of the equity portion, approximately  50% will be targeted to be invested in passively  managed  securities  using  ETFs  and  the  other  approximately 50%  will  be  targeted  to  be  invested  in  actively  managed  investment vehicles. Diversification is addressed by investing in mutual funds and ETFs which hold large-, middle- and small-capitalization US stocks, international (non-US)  equities  and  emerging  markets.  A  percentage  of  the  investments  are  readily  marketable  in  order  to  be  available  to  fund  benefit  payment obligations as they become payable.

The asset allocation targets and the actual allocation of pension assets in the Dover Downs Pension Plan as of December 31, 2021 are as follows:

| Asset Category  Target  December 31, 2021  Equity Securities  60 %  67  %  Debt Securities  40 %  29  %  Other  - %  4  %  Total  100 %  100  %   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The fair values of pension assets in the Dover Downs Pension Plan as of December 31, 2021 by asset category are as follows:

| (in thousands)  Asset Category  Total  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Mutual funds/ETFs:  Equity-large cap  $  10,001  $  10,001  $  -  $  -  Equity-mid cap  1,453  1,453  -  -  Equity-small cap  1,333  1,333  -  -  Equity-international  3,558  3,558  -  -  Fixed income  6,856  6,856  -  -  Money market  959  959  -  -  Total mutual funds/ETFs  $  24,160  $  24,160  $  -  $  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

There is no minimum pension contribution required to be made to the Dover Downs Pension Plan under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended in 2021. We are not expecting to contribute to the Dover Downs Pension Plan in 2022.

The estimated future benefit payments under the Dover Downs Pension Plan are as follows:

| (in thousands)  Year Ending December 31,  2022  $  986  2023  1,045  2024  1,088  2025  1,123  2026  1,169  2027-2031  6,349   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Defined Contribution Plans

The Company has a retirement savings plan under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code covering its US non-union employees and certain union employees. The plan allows employees to defer up to the lesser of the Internal Revenue Code prescribed maximum amount or 100% of their income on a pre-tax basis through contributions to the plan. Gamesys also operates defined contribution retirement benefit plans for their U.K., US, Toronto, Isle of Man and Gibraltar offices. Eligible employees are allowed to contribute between 3-5% of their base salary to the various plans and the Company matches all employee contributions. Total employer contribution expense attributable to defined contribution plans was $4.8  million, $0.7 million and $1.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

## 17.    INCOME TAXES

The components of income (loss) before taxes are as follows:

| Years Ended December 31,  2021  2020  2019  Domestic  $  (126,347)  $  (74,811)  $  75,180  Foreign  7,273  -  -  Total  $  (119,074)  $  (74,811)  $  75,180   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The components of the provision for income taxes are as follows:

| Years Ended December 31,  (in thousands)  2021  2020  2019  Current taxes  Federal  $  (10,284)  $  (72,517)  $  9,022  State  4,676  2,002  2,033  Foreign  6,448  -  -  840  (70,515)  11,055  Deferred taxes  Federal  294  9,871  7,363  State  4,770  (8,680)  1,632  Foreign  (10,281)  -  -  (5,217)  1,191  8,995  (Benefit) Provision for income taxes  $  (4,377)  $  (69,324)  $  20,050   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The effective rate varies from the statutory US federal tax rate as follows:

| Years Ended December 31,  (in thousands)  2021  2020  2019  Income tax (benefit) expense at statutory federal rate  $  (15,997)  $  (15,710)  $  15,789  State income taxes, net of federal effect  7,462  (5,276)  2,883  Foreign tax rate adjustment  (7,165)  -  -  Nondeductible professional fees  10,421  (665)  1,255  Other permanent differences including lobbying expense  4,696  279  424  Share-based compensation  2,227  (922)  (261)  Gain on bargain purchases  (4,796)  (13,413)  -  CARES Act  (5,320)  (33,347)  -  Return to provision adjustments  (595)  (270)  (245)  Global intangible low-tax income ('GILTI')  327  -  -  Loss on derivative instruments  4,363  -  -  Change in uncertain tax positions  -  -  205  Total (benefit) provision for income taxes  $  (4,377)  $  (69,324)  $  20,050  Effective income tax rate on continuing operations  3.7 %  92.7 %  26.7 %   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Benefit for income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was $ 4.4 million and $69.3 million, respectively. The effective tax rate for the year  ended  December  31,  2021  was 3.7%  compared  to  92.7%  in  2020.  The  decrease  in  the  effective  tax  rate  was  due  to  an  increase  in  state  tax expense and an increase in nondeductible costs related to the acquisition of Gamesys during 2021, as well as lower bargain purchase gain during 2021 as compared to 2020. Further, the 2020 provision included a significant rate benefit as a result of the CARES Act, and we had a lesser benefit in the 2021 provision.  In  addition,  Gamesys  entities  are  taxed  at  lowers  rates  versus  the  US  federal  tax  rate,  which  impacted  2021  beneficially  due  to  the  rate differential. This benefit was offset by amounts related to share-based compensation, loss on derivative instruments, and other permanent amounts.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the Company's deferred income taxes at December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Years Ended December 31,  (in thousands)  2021  2020  Deferred tax assets:  Accrued liabilities and other  $  1,162  $  2,128  Share-based compensation  2,792  914  Naming rights liabilities  43,298  60,159  Self constructed assets  5,730  3,953  Interest  21,208  -  Net operating loss carryforwards  20,569  8,464  Total deferred tax assets, net  $  94,759  $  75,618  Deferred tax liabilities:  Land  $  (4,071)  $  (5,053)  Property and equipment  (35,807)  (4,998)  Change in accounting method  (8,494)  (16,234)  Non-shareholder contribution  -  (6,766)  Goodwill  (12,544)  (4,433)  Amortizable assets  (236,388)  (75,117)  Total deferred tax liabilities  $  (297,304)  $  (112,601)  Net deferred tax liabilities  $  (202,545)  $  (36,983)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company will only recognize a deferred tax asset when, based on available evidence, realization is more likely than not. The Company has assessed its deferred tax liabilities arising from taxable temporary differences and has concluded such liabilities are a sufficient source of income for the realization of  deferred  tax  assets,  including  indefinite  life  taxable  temporary  differences  which  offset,  subject  to  limitation,  deferred  tax  assets  with  unlimited carryovers, such as the Section 163(j) interest limitation. Accordingly, no valuation has been established as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

At December 31, 2021, the Company's cash and cash equivalents totaled $ 206.2 million, of which approximately 36% was held in locations outside the US where the Company has determined to establish an assertion to indefinitely reinvest undistributed earnings to support its continued expansion and investments in such foreign locations. To the extent the Company were to repatriate such funds, it may incur withholding taxes, state income taxes and the tax expense or benefit associated with foreign currency gains or losses. The Company believes it has sufficient sources of cash in the US to fund its US operations without the need to repatriate those funds held outside the US.

For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 the net deferred tax liabilities increased by $ 165.6 million and $23.2 million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of $5.2 million was included in income from operations, an increase of $ 169.8 million was acquired from business combinations in 2021, and a decrease of $1.0 million was included in other comprehensive loss. For the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of $1.2 million was included in income from operations, an increase of $ 22.6 million was acquired from business combinations in 2020, and a decrease of $0.6 million was included in other comprehensive loss.

As of December 31, 2021, the Company has $ 14.6 million of federal net operating carryforwards subject to a section 382 limitation with an unlimited carryforward period. There was $3.1 million of federal net operating carryforwards subject to a section 382 limitation with an unlimited carryforward period as of December 31, 2020. As of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the Company had $92.4 million and $132.9 million of state net operating loss carryforwards, respectively, which expire at various dates through 2041.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Internal Revenue Code (IRC) Section 382 provides for a limitation of the annual use of net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards following certain ownership changes (as defined by the IRC Section 382) that limits the Company's ability to utilize these carryforwards prior to expiration. Section 382 can also apply when we acquire subsidiaries with net operating loss carryforwards, as there may be limitations on the use of acquired net operating losses against our taxable income. As of December 31, 2021, the Company expects to utilize all acquired tax attributes prior to expiration.

## CARES Act

On  March  27,  2020,  the  Coronavirus  Aid,  Relief,  and  Economic  Security  Act  (the  'CARES  Act')  was  signed  into  law.  The  CARES  Act  provides opportunities for additional liquidity, loan guarantees, and other government programs to support companies affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and their employees, including those that operate in the gaming area. The benefits of the CARES Act that were available to us included:

- a. refund of federal income taxes due to five-year carryback of net operating loss incurred in 2020 when our 2020 tax return was filed in 2021;
- b. relaxation of interest expense deduction limitation for income tax purposes; and
- c. the employee retention credit, providing a refundable federal tax credit equal to 50% of the first $10,000 of qualified wages and benefits, including qualified medical plan contributions, paid to employees while they are not performing services after March 12, 2020 and before January 1, 2021.

The Company realized a tax benefit of $5.3 million and $33.3 million in the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company intends to continue to review and consider any available potential benefits under the CARES Act for which it qualifies, including those described above. The Company cannot predict the manner in which such benefits or any of the other benefits described herein will be allocated or administered and the Company  cannot  provide  assurances  that  it  will  be  able  to  access  such  benefits  in  a  timely  manner  or  at  all.  If  the  US  government  or  any  other governmental authority agrees to provide such aid under the CARES Act or any other crisis relief assistance, it may impose certain requirements on the recipients  of  the  aid,  including  restrictions  on  executive  officer  compensation,  dividends,  prepayment  of  debt,  limitations  on  debt  and  other  similar restrictions that will apply for a period of time after the aid is repaid or redeemed in full.

From time to time, the Company may be subject to audits covering a variety of tax matters by taxing authorities in any taxing jurisdiction where the Company conducts business. While the Company believes that the tax returns filed and tax positions taken are supportable and accurate, some tax authorities may not agree with the positions taken. This can give rise to tax uncertainties which, upon audit, may not be resolved in the Company's favor. There was an acquired tax contingency accrual of $5.1 million for uncertain tax positions recorded as of December 31, 2021. There was  no unrecognized tax benefit recorded as of December 31, 2020. As of December 31, 2021, there was $5.1 million tax contingency accruals for uncertain tax positions, which would impact the effective  tax  rate,  if  recognized. A  reconciliation  of  the  beginning  and  ending  balances  of  the  gross  liability  for  uncertain  tax positions is as follows:

| (in thousands)  2021  2020  2019  Uncertain tax position liability at the beginning of the year  $  -  $  -  $  400  Increases related to tax positions taken during prior period  5,131  -  -  Decreases related to tax positions taken during prior periods  -  -  (400)  Uncertain tax position liability at the end of the year  $  5,131  $  -  $  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company and its subsidiaries file tax returns in several jurisdictions including the US and various US state and foreign jurisdictions. The Company remains  subject  to  examination  for  US  federal  income  tax  purposes  for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2017  through  2021.  The  Company  remains subject to examination for state and foreign income tax purposes for the years ended December 31, 2012 through 2021. The Company is currently under audit by the State of Colorado for tax years ended December 31, 2012 through 2015. Based on the current status of the Colorado audit, the Company believes no additional reserves are necessary. In addition, the disallowance of a loss carryforward generated in a period outside of the normal statute of limitations is generally open until the statute of limitations expires in the year of the utilization of the loss.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 18.    COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

## Litigation

The Company is a party to various legal and administrative proceedings which have arisen in the ordinary course of its business. Estimated losses are accrued for  these  proceedings  when  the  loss  is  probable  and  can  be  estimated.  The  current  liability  for  the  estimated  losses  associated  with  these proceedings is not material to the Company's consolidated financial condition and those estimated losses are not expected to have a material impact on results of operations. Although the Company maintains what it believes is adequate insurance coverage to mitigate the risk of loss pertaining to covered matters, legal and administrative proceedings can be costly, time-consuming and unpredictable.

Although no assurance can be given, the Company does not believe that the final outcome of these matters, including costs to defend itself in such matters, will have a material adverse effect on the company's consolidated financial statements. Further, no assurance can be given that the amount or scope of existing insurance coverage will be sufficient to cover losses arising from such matters.

## Hard Rock License Agreement

Under the Hard Rock License agreement which runs through September 2025, with the option to renew for  two successive ten-year terms, the Company is obligated to pay an annual fee plus fees based on non-gaming revenues. The Company will pay a 'Continuing Fee' equal to 3% of the Licensing Fee Revenues and a marketing fee equal to 1% of the Licensing Fee Revenues during the term of the agreement. Fee expense under the license agreement for  each  of  the  years  ended  December  31,  2021,  2020  and  2019  was  $2.8  million,  $2.2  million  and  $3.0  million,  respectively  and  is  included  in 'Advertising, general and administrative' expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, $0.2 million had been accrued and recorded in 'Accrued liabilities' in the consolidated balance sheets.

## Bally's Trade Name

On October 13, 2020, the Company announced we had acquired Bally's brand from Caesars. Total cost to acquire the brand was $ 20.0 million which is payable in cash in two equal installments of $10.0 million, the first made in October 2021 and the second payment to be made on the second anniversary of  the  purchase  date.  The  present  value  of  these  amounts  due  are  recorded  within  'Accrued  liabilities'  in  the  consolidated  balance  sheets  as  of December 31, 2021 and 2020.

## Master Video Lottery Terminal Contract

The current term for the Twin River Casino Hotel contract with the Division of Lotteries of the Rhode Island Department of Revenue ends July 1, 2043.

The current term for the Tiverton Casino Hotel contract with the Division of Lotteries of the Rhode Island Department of Revenue ends July 1, 2043. The contract  was  automatically  assigned,  pursuant  to  Rhode  Island  law,  from  Newport  Grand  to  Tiverton  Casino  Hotel  upon  commencement  of  gaming operations at the new facility.

## Capital Expenditure Commitments

Bally's Atlantic City - As part of the regulatory approval process with the State of New Jersey, the Company committed to spend $ 100 million in capital expenditures over a five year period to invest in and improve the property. The commitment calls for expenditures of no less than $ 25 million each in 2021, 2022 and 2023 and $85 million in aggregate for 2021, 2022 and 2023. The remaining $15 million of committed capital must be spent over 2024 and 2025. From 2021 through 2025, no less than $35 million must be invested in the hotel and no less than $ 65 million  must  be  invested  in  non-hotel projects.

Bally's Twin River -Per the terms of the Regulatory Agreement in Rhode Island, the Company is committed to invest $ 100 million in its Rhode Island properties over the term of the master contract through June 30, 2043, including an expansion and the addition of new amenities at Bally's Twin River.

## Bally's Lake Tahoe

The Company acquired Bally's Lake Tahoe for $ 14.2 million, payable one year from the closing date and subject to customary post-closing adjustments. Refer to Note 5 'Acquisitions' for further information.

## Master Lease

As  discussed  in  Note  13  'Leases,'  per  the  terms  of  the  Master  Lease,  an  affiliate  of  GLPI  agreed  to  acquire  the  real  estate  associated  with  the Company's Bally's Evansville property for $340.0 million and lease it back to the Company for $ 28.0 million per year and the Company's Bally's Dover casino for $144.0 million and lease it back to the Company for $ 12.0 million per year, each subject to escalation. Both leases are governed by the Master Lease which has an initial term of 15 years and includes  four five-years options.

## Related Party Transaction

On September 26, 2019, prior to the Company's acquisition of Gamesys, Gamesys (Holdings) Limited ('GHL') was acquired by JPJ Group plc ('JPJ') and subsequently renamed Gamesys. In connection with the JPJ acquisition, £11.2 million of the cash consideration was deferred and payable (plus interest) to GHL 's majority shareholders 30 months after closing. The Company has recorded $ 15.1 million representing the deferred consideration which is  payable  on  March  26,  2022,  and  recorded  within  current  liabilities  of  the  consolidated  balance  sheet  as  of  December  31,  2021.  Of  such  amount, $7.5 million is payable to related parties as former majority shareholders of GHL.

## Collective Bargaining Agreements

As of December 31, 2021, we had approximately  9,460 employees. Most of our employees in Rhode Island and New Jersey are represented by a labor union and have collective bargaining agreements with us. As of such date, we had 22 collective bargaining agreements covering approximately  2,364 employees. All collective bargaining agreements are in good standing and have been renegotiated for a three or five year term or extended until 2022. There can be no assurance that we will be able to extend or enter into replacement agreements. If we are able to extend or enter into replacement agreements, there can be no assurance as to whether the terms will be on comparable terms to the existing agreements.

## 19.    SEGMENT REPORTING

During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company updated its operating and reportable segments to better align with its strategic growth initiatives in light of recent acquisitions. The growth and diversification achieved through the Company's recent and pending acquisitions has resulted in a change in the way the Company's chief operating decision maker makes operating decisions, assesses the performance of the business and allocates resources. As a result of this realignment, the Company determined it had three operating and reportable segments: Casinos &amp; Resorts, North America Interactive and International  Interactive.  The  'Other'  category  includes  interest  expense  for  the  Company  and  certain  unallocated  corporate  operating  expenses  and other adjustments, including eliminations of transactions among segments to reconcile to the Company's consolidated results including, among other expenses, share-based compensation, merger and acquisition costs and certain non-recurring charges.

The Company's three reportable segments are comprised of the following components as of December 31, 2021:

Casinos &amp; Resorts - Bally's Twin River, Bally's Tiverton, Bally's Dover, Bally's Atlantic City, Bally's Evansville, Hard Rock Biloxi, Bally's Vicksburg, Bally's Kansas City, Bally's Black Hawk, Bally's Shreveport, Bally's Lake Tahoe, Bally's Quad Cities and Bally's Arapahoe Park.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

North America Interactive - Bally's Interactive, SportCaller, MKF, AVP , Telescope, Degree 53, Live at the Bike, Gamesys' North American operations and online and mobile sports betting operations.

International Interactive - Gamesys' Europe and Asia operations.

The Company is currently evaluating the impact of its pending acquisition of Tropicana Las Vegas and the development of a casino in Centre City, Pennsylvania on its operating and reportable segments; however, it is expected that they will be included within the Casinos &amp; Resorts segment.

As of December 31, 2021, the Company's operations were predominately in the US but also included operations in Europe and Asia and other immaterial jurisdictions. For geographical reporting purposes, Europe, Asia and other immaterial jurisdictions have been aggregated and no country exceeds 12% of total revenue. The Company does not have any revenues from any individual customers that exceed 10% of total reported revenues.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The following table reflects revenues, income (loss) and identifiable assets for each of the Company's reportable segments and reconciles these to the amounts shown in the Company's consolidated financial statements. Prior year amounts have been conformed into the new segment presentation, as described above.

| Casinos &amp;  Resorts  North America  Interactive  International  Interactive  Other  Total  Year Ended December 31,  2021  Total revenue  $  1,032,828  $  38,352  $  251,263  $  -  $  1,322,443  Depreciation and amortization  54,120  18,096  46,341  26,229  144,786  Income (loss) from operations  258,452  (44,820)  20,689  (140,939)  93,382  Net income (loss)  186,287  (36,879)  24,337  (288,442)  (114,697)  Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized  (62)  (1)  (91)  (120,020)  (120,174)  Change in value of naming rights liabilities  -  -  -  17,029  17,029  Gain on bargain purchases  -  -  -  22,841  22,841  Capital expenditures  92,479  172  4,166  708  97,525  2020  Total revenue  $  372,792  n/a  n/a  $  -  $  372,792  Income (loss) from operations  12,571  n/a  n/a  (30,957)  (18,386)  Net income (loss)  28,555  n/a  n/a  (34,042)  (5,487)  Depreciation and amortization  37,786  n/a  n/a  56  37,842  Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized  132  n/a  n/a  63,116  63,248  Change in value of naming rights liabilities  -  n/a  n/a  (57,660)  (57,660)  Gain on bargain purchases  -  n/a  n/a  63,871  63,871  Capital expenditures  14,480  n/a  n/a  803  15,283  2019  Total revenue  $  523,577  n/a  n/a  $  -  $  523,577  Income (loss) from operations  134,616  n/a  n/a  (19,990)  114,626  Net income (loss)  95,575  n/a  n/a  (40,445)  55,130  Depreciation and amortization  32,367  n/a  n/a  25  32,392  Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized  3,421  n/a  n/a  36,409  39,830  Capital expenditures  28,091  n/a  n/a  146  28,237  Casinos &amp;  Resorts  North America  Interactive  International  Interactive  Other  Total  As of December 31,  2021  Goodwill  $  201,952  $  283,358  $  1,637,343  $  -  $  2,122,653  Total assets  2,437,249  528,634  3,429,725  157,609  6,553,217  2020  Goodwill  $  186,979  $  -  $  -  $  -  $  186,979  Total assets  1,490,204  -  -  439,651  1,929,855   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 20.    EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE

## Earnings (Loss) Per Share

Basic  earnings  (loss)  per  common  share  is  calculated  in  accordance  with  ASC  260, Earnings  Per  Share ,  which  requires  entities  that  have  issued securities other than common stock that participate in dividends with common stock ('participating securities') to apply the two-class method to compute basic (loss) earnings per common share. The two-class method is an earnings allocation method under which basic (loss) earnings per common share is calculated for each class of common stock and participating security as if all such earnings had been distributed during the period. To calculate basic (loss)  earnings  per  share,  the  earnings  allocated  to  common  shares  is  divided  by  the  weighted  average  number  of  common  shares  outstanding, contingently issuable warrants and RSUs, RSAs and PSUs for which no future service is required as a condition to the delivery of the underlying common stock (collectively, basic shares).

Diluted  earnings  per  share  includes  the  determinants  of  basic  earnings  per  share  and,  in  addition,  reflects  the  dilutive  effect  of  the  common  stock deliverable for stock options, using the treasury stock method, and for RSUs, RSAs and PSUs for which future service is required as a condition to the delivery of the underlying common stock.

| Years Ended December 31,  2021  2020  2019  Net (loss) income applicable to common stockholders  $  (114,697)  $  (5,487)  $  55,130  Weighted average shares outstanding, basic  49,643,991  31,315,151  37,705,179  Weighted average effect of dilutive securities  -  -  114,438  Weighted average shares outstanding, diluted  49,643,991  31,315,151  37,819,617  Per share data  Basic  $  (2.31)  $  (0.18)  $  1.46  Diluted  $  (2.31)  $  (0.18)  $  1.46  Anti-dilutive shares excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share  5,015,803  4,919,326  3,251   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On  November  18,  2020,  the  Company  issued  penny  warrants,  performance-based  warrants  and  options  which  participate  in  dividends  with  the Company's  common  stock  subject  to  certain  contingencies.  In  the  period  in  which  the  contingencies  are  met,  those  instruments  are  participating securities to which income will be allocated using the two-class method. The warrants and options do not participate in net losses. The penny warrants were considered exercisable for little to no consideration and are therefore, included in basic shares outstanding at their issuance date. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company reported a net loss, and as a result, all of the shares underlying the performance warrants and options were anti-dilutive. Refer to Note 10 'Sinclair Agreement' for further information.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 21.    SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)

The following table contains quarterly financial information for the years 2021 and 2020. The Company believes that the following information reflects all normal recurring adjustments necessary for a fair statement of the information for the periods presented.

| (in thousands, except per share data)  First Quarter  Second Quarter  Third Quarter  Fourth Quarter  2021  Total revenue  $  192,266  $  267,733  $  314,779  $  547,665  Total operating costs and expenses  162,792  187,201  287,045  592,023  Income (loss) from operations  29,474  80,532  27,734  (44,358)  Total other expense, net  (45,009)  15,391  (90,779)  (92,059)  (Loss) income before provision for income taxes  (15,535)  95,923  (63,045)  (136,417)  (Benefit) provision for income taxes  (4,830)  26,981  (5,400)  (21,128)  Net (loss) income  (10,705)  68,942  (57,645)  (115,289)  Net (loss) income per share  Basic  $  (0.30)  $  1.43  $  (1.16)  $  (1.87)  Diluted  $  (0.30)  $  1.40  $  (1.16)  $  (1.87)  2020  Total revenue  $  109,148  $  28,924  $  116,624  $  118,096  Total operating costs and expenses  112,317  49,887  93,241  135,733  (Loss) income from operations  (3,169)  (20,963)  23,383  (17,637)  Total other expense, net  (11,373)  (15,110)  (16,908)  (13,034)  (Loss) income before provision for income taxes  (14,542)  (36,073)  6,475  (30,671)  Benefit for income taxes  (5,664)  (12,518)  (248)  (50,894)  Net (loss) income  (8,878)  (23,555)  6,723  20,223  Net (loss) income per share  Basic  $  (0.28)  $  (0.77)  $  0.22  $  0.62  Diluted  $  (0.28)  $  (0.77)  $  0.22  $  0.61   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 22.    CORRECTION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

In connection with finalizing the third quarter 2022 financial reporting process, a prior period accounting error was identified in the Company's previously reported consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021 (the 'previously reported financial statements'). Based  on management's  evaluation  of  the  error  in  consideration  of  the  SEC  Staff's  Accounting  Bulletins  Nos.  99  ('SAB  99')  and  108  ('SAB  108')  and interpretations  therewith,  the  Company  concluded  the  error  is  not  material  to  the  Company's  previously  reported  financial  statements. However,  the Company further concluded that the error could not be corrected as an out-of-period adjustment in the Company's fiscal year 2022 consolidated financial statements, because to do so would cause a material misstatement in those financial statements. Accordingly, the Company referred to the guidance prescribed by SAB 108 which specifies that the error must be corrected the next time the previously reported financial statements are filed. Therefore, in conjunction with the Company's filing of this Form 10-K/A to amend management's assessment of the Company's assessment of internal control over financial reporting, the Company corrected the error in the accompanying consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021 as an immaterial revision of the previously reported financial statements and related notes thereto.

The following is a description of the accounting error and its impact on the Company's previously reported financial statements:

In anticipation of the Company's planned acquisition of Gamesys, and to comply with the 'certain funds' requirements under UK law, approximately $ 1.80 billion US dollars were converted into approximately £1.31 billion GB pound sterling ('GB sterling') in August 2021 and held as restricted cash for use in the acquisition. The GB sterling spot rate declined as compared to the corresponding rate on the date of conversion, which resulted in a foreign exchange loss of approximately $42.9 million as of September 30, 2021.  The Company recognized the loss as an unrealized loss - foreign currency translation adjustment - in the Company's previously reported consolidated statement of comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2021. However, as prescribed by ASC 830, Foreign Currency Matters, ('ASC 830'), since the Company's functional currency is the US dollar, the $ 42.9 million should have been recognized as a loss on foreign currency translation in the Company's previously reported consolidated statement of operations for the year  ended  December 31, 2021. As a result, other expenses and net (loss) for year ended December 31, 2021 were understated by $42.9 million, respectively, in the Company's previously reported consolidated statement of operations. Similarly, foreign currency translation adjustment and total other comprehensive loss were overstated by $42.9 million, respectively, in the Company's previously reported consolidated statement of comprehensive loss for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021  and  accumulated  other  comprehensive  loss  and  accumulated  deficit  were  overstated  and  understated, respectively, by $42.9 million in the Company's previously reported consolidated statement of stockholders' equity for the year ended December 31, 2021. Given the non-deductible nature of foreign currency translation gains and losses, the error had no impact on the Company's previously reported income tax account balances.

The following table presents the impact of correcting the error on the Company's previously reported consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021 (in thousands):

| Consolidated Balance Sheet  As Previously  Issued  Adjustment  As Revised  Retained deficit  $  (138,683)  $  (42,898)  $  (181,581)  Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income  (69,707)  42,898  (26,809)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

| Consolidated Statement of Operations  As Previously  Issued  Adjustment  As Revised  Foreign exchange loss, net  $  9,437  $  (42,898)  $  (33,461)  Other, net  2,066  -  2,066  Total other expense, net  (169,558)  (42,898)  (212,456)  Loss before provision for income taxes  $  (76,176)  $  (42,898)  $  (119,074)  Net loss  (71,799)  (42,898)  (114,697)  Basic loss per share  (1.45)  (0.86)  (2.31)  Diluted loss per share  (1.45)  (0.86)  (2.31)  (1)  (1)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(1)    Foreign exchange loss, net was included in Other, net in the previously issued Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021.

| Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive (Loss) Income  As Previously  Issued  Adjustment  As Revised  Net loss  $  (71,799)  $  (42,898)  $  (114,697)  Foreign currency translation adjustment  (68,731)  42,898  (25,833)  Other comprehensive loss (income)  (66,563)  42,898  (23,665)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity  As Previously  Issued  Adjustment  As Revised  Retained deficit  $  (138,683)  $  (42,898)  $  (181,581)  Net loss  (71,799)  (42,898)  (114,697)  Accumulated other comprehensive loss (income)  (69,707)  42,898  (26,809)  Other comprehensive loss (income)  (66,563)  42,898  (23,665)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  As Previously  Issued  Adjustment  As Revised  Net loss  $  (71,799)  $  (42,898)  $  (114,697)  Foreign exchange loss, net  (9,437)  42,898  33,461  Other operating activities  19,712  -  19,712  (1)  (1)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(1)    Foreign exchange loss, net was included in Other operating activities in the previously issued Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021.

## 23.    SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

On February 17, 2022, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries entered into an amended and restated regulatory agreement with the Rhode Island Department  of  Business  Regulation  and  the  Division  of  Lotteries  of  the  Rhode  Island  Department  of  Revenue,  which  replaces  the  prior  regulatory agreement among the parties. Subsidiaries of the Company also entered into amendments to the Master Video Lottery Terminal Contracts, dated July 18, 2005 and November 23, 2005, in each case with the Division of Lotteries of the Rhode Island Department of Revenue.

The amended and restated regulatory agreement and the amendments to the master video lottery terminal contracts reflect legislative changes enacted in 2021 that authorized and directed State of Rhode Island regulators to amend the prior agreements to, among other things, authorize the creation of the previously announced video lottery terminal joint venture between the Company and International Gaming Technology PLC, require the Company to make certain investments in connection with the joint venture and otherwise (including $100 million in Rhode Island by June 30, 2043) and modify certain limitations  in  the  regulatory  agreement  applicable  to  the  Company  without  prior  regulatory  approval.  The  modifications  made  include,  among  others, increasing the maximum leverage ratio applicable to the Company, clarifying that operating leases under sale-leaseback financings are not indebtedness for  purposes of the leverage ratio calculation and updating the reporting and other administrative provisions to reflect the Company's increased size following recent acquisition activity.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## BALLY'S CORPORATION

## SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

## For the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019

| Balance at  Beginning of  Year  Provision for Credit  Loss  Write-offs, Net of  Recoveries  Acquisitions  Balance at End  of Year  Provision for credit losses:  2019  $  1,009  239  (16)  64  $  1,296  2020  $  1,296  411  (653)  2,013  $  3,067  2021  $  3,067  1,717  (701)  371  $  4,454   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## BALLY'S CORPORATION

## ITEM 9A.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

## Management's Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer (principal executive officer) and chief financial officer (principal financial officer), conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the year ended December 31, 2021, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 'Exchange Act'). Our chief executive officer and chief financial officer previously evaluated and concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2021. As a result of the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting described below, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, have updated their evaluation and now conclude the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2021 due to material weaknesses in the Company's internal control over financial reporting described below.

Notwithstanding the ineffective disclosure controls and procedures as a result of the identified material weaknesses, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded that the consolidated financial statements as originally issued in the Original Filing and as revised in this Annual Report on Form 10-K/A present fairly, in all material respects, the Company's financial position, results of operations and cash flows in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP).

## Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting (as revised)

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is  defined  in  Rule  13a-15(f)  and  15d-15(f)  under  the  Exchange  Act  as  a  process  designed  by,  or  under  the  supervision  of,  the  Company's  principal executive  and  principal  financial  officers  and  effected  by  the  Company's  Board,  management  and  other  personnel  to  provide  reasonable  assurance regarding the reliability  of  financial  statements  for  external  purposes  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles  and  includes  those policies and procedures that:

- pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company;
- provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally  accepted  accounting  principles,  and  that  receipts  and  expenditures  of  the  Company  are  being  made  only  in  accordance  with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and
- provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding  prevention  or  timely  detection  of  unauthorized  acquisition,  use  or  disposition  of  the  Company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013).

During  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021,  the  Company  completed  its  acquisitions  of  Bally's  Evansville,  Bally's  Quad  Cities,  Bally's  Lake  Tahoe, SportCaller, MKF, Bally Interactive, AVP , Telescope, Degree 53 and Gamesys, collectively (the 'Acquired Companies'). Since the Company has not yet fully  incorporated  the  internal  controls  and  procedures  of  the  Acquired  Companies  into  the  Company's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting, management excluded the Acquired Companies from its assessment of the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021. These acquisitions on a combined basis constituted approximately $864.9 million, or 13.2%, of the Company's total consolidated assets, and approximately $427.6 million, or 32.3%, of the Company's consolidated revenues as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION

Previously based upon that evaluation by our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, we determined that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2021. However, as discussed above, based upon the evaluation of these criteria and considering the material weaknesses described below, management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, concluded that the Company's internal  control  over  financial  reporting  was  not  effective  as  of  December  31,  2021.  Accordingly,  the  Company  is  filing  this  Form  10-K/A  to  amend management's assessment of the Company's internal control over financial reporting and its disclosure controls and procedures to indicate that they were not effective as of December 31, 2021.

Management identified deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting that resulted in material weaknesses. The Company did not appropriately design  a  control  to  monitor  the  functional  currency  assessment  of  its  subsidiaries  in  accordance  with  ASC  Topic  830,  Foreign  Currency  Matters, specifically with regard to foreign currency held by a newly formed subsidiary to effectuate a large international acquisition. The Company did not record the  foreign  currency  transaction  loss  through  earnings  as  required  by  ASC  Topic  830  and  did  not  reassess  this  conclusion  upon  review  of  the accumulated  other  comprehensive  loss  account  each  subsequent  period. This  design  deficiency  contributed  to  the  potential  for  there  to  have  been material errors in the Company's financial statements and therefore resulted in the following material weaknesses:

- Risk  Assessment-  control  deficiencies  constituting  a  material  weakness,  either  individually  or  in  the  aggregate,  relating  to  identifying  and assessing changes in the business that could impact the system of internal controls; and
- Control Activities- control deficiencies constituting a material weakness, either individually or in the aggregate, relating to: (i) designing controls that would address relevant risks identified through the assessment of changes in the business and (ii) operation at a level of precision to identify all potentially material errors.

This error has been corrected in the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K/A.

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.

Deloitte &amp; Touche LLP, the Company's independent registered public accounting firm that audited the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2021, issued an attestation report on the Company's internal control over financial reporting which immediately follows this report.

## Remediation Plan and Status

As of December 31, 2021, the material weaknesses described above have not yet been remediated.

Management is in the process of developing a remediation plan. The material weaknesses cannot be considered remediated until the applicable controls have operated for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are designed and operating effectively. The Company will monitor the effectiveness of its remediation plan and will make changes management determines to be appropriate.

In  response  to  the  material  weaknesses  in  the  Company's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting,  management  is  enhancing  its  risk  assessment  to identify changes in our business that could impact the system of internal controls and are in the process of designing control activities related to the monitoring of foreign currency and the application of ASC 830. The Company will continue to work towards full remediation of the material weaknesses to improve its internal control over financial reporting.

## Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

During  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021,  the  Company  completed  its  acquisitions  of  the  Acquired  Companies,  as  defined  above.  See  Note  5 'Acquisitions' included in Part II. Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the acquisitions and related financial data. The Company is  currently  in  the  process  of  integrating  the  Acquired  Companies'  internal  controls  over  financial  reporting.  Except  for  the  inclusion  of  the  Acquired Companies, and the material weaknesses described above, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2021 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

## REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Bally's Corporation

## Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Bally's Corporation and subsidiaries (the 'Company') as of December 31, 2021, based on criteria  established  in  Internal  Control  -  Integrated  Framework  (2013)  issued  by  the  Committee  of  Sponsoring  Organizations  of  the  Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weaknesses identified below on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, the Company has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.

In our report dated March 1, 2022, we expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. As described below, material weaknesses were subsequently identified in internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, management has revised its assessment  about  the  effectiveness  of  the  Company's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  and  our  present  opinion  on  the  effectiveness  of  the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, as expressed herein, is different from that expressed in our previous report.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021, of the Company and our report dated March 1, 2022 (November 9, 2022, as to Note 22 to the consolidated financial statements), expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.

As described in Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management excluded from its assessment the internal control over financial  reporting  at  the  following  companies  acquired  during  2021:  Bally's  Evansville,  Bally's  Quad  Cities,  Bally's  Lake  Tahoe,  SportCaller,  Monkey Knife Fight, Bally Interactive, AVP , Telescope, Degree 53, and Gamesys, collectively (the 'Acquired Companies'), whose financial statements constitute, on a combined basis, approximately $864.9 million, or 13.2%, of the Company's consolidated assets and approximately $427.6 million, or 32.3% of the Company's consolidated net revenues as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021. Accordingly, our audit did not include the internal control over financial reporting at the Acquired Companies.

## Basis for Opinion

The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting (as revised). Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We  conducted  our  audit  in  accordance  with  the  standards  of  the  PCAOB.  Those  standards  require  that  we  plan  and  perform  the  audit  to  obtain reasonable  assurance  about  whether  effective  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  was  maintained  in  all  material  respects.  Our  audit  included obtaining  an  understanding  of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting,  assessing  the  risk  that  material  weaknesses  exist,  testing  and  evaluating  the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial  statements  for  external  purposes  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles.  A  company's  internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of  the  company  are  being  made  only  in  accordance  with  authorizations  of  management  and  directors  of  the  company;  and  (3)  provide  reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

## Material Weaknesses

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.

Management identified deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting that resulted in material weaknesses. The Company did not appropriately design a control to monitor the functional currency assessment of its subsidiaries in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 830, Foreign Currency Matters, specifically with regard to foreign currency held by a newly formed subsidiary to effectuate a large international acquisition. The Company did not record the foreign currency transaction loss through earnings as required by ASC Topic 830 and did not reassess this conclusion upon review of the accumulated other comprehensive loss account each subsequent period. This design deficiency contributed to the potential for there to have been material errors in the Company's consolidated financial statements and therefore resulted in the following material weaknesses:

- Risk  Assessment-  control  deficiencies  constituting  a  material  weakness,  either  individually  or  in  the  aggregate,  relating  to  identifying  and assessing changes in the business that could impact the system of internal controls; and
- Control Activities- control deficiencies constituting a material weakness, either individually or in the aggregate, relating to: (i) designing controls that would address relevant risks identified through the assessment of changes in the business and (ii) operation at a level of precision to identify all potentially material errors.

These material weaknesses were considered in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021, of the Company, and this report does not affect our report on such consolidated financial statements.

/s/ Deloitte &amp; Touche LLP Stamford, Connecticut

March 1, 2022 (November 9, 2022, as to the material weaknesses)

## ITEM 15.    EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

(2) Documents filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

1. Financial Statements. The Financial Statements filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are listed in the Index to Financial Statements in 'Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.'
2. Financial Statement Schedules . Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 is included in our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable.
3. Exhibits. The exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are listed in the Exhibit Index immediately following 'Item 16. Form 10-K Summary,' which is incorporated herein by reference.

## PART IV

## EXHIBIT INDEX

| Exhibit  Number  Description of Exhibit  2.1#  Transaction Agreement, dated July 22, 2018, among Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment, Inc., Twin River Worldwide Holdings,  Inc. and Double Acquisition Corp., including the amendment dated October 8, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the  Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-228973) filed on December 21, 2018)  2.2#  Equity Purchase Agreement, dated July 10, 2019, by and among Isle of Capri Casinos LLC, IOC-Vicksburg, Inc. and IOC-Vicksburg,  L.L.C., Rainbow Casino Vicksburg Partnership, L.P., IOC-Kansas City, Inc., Twin River Management Group, Inc., Premier  Entertainment Vicksburg, LLC, and, solely for purposes of Section 1.5, Section 4.17, Section 4.21, Section 4.22 and Section 8.19,  Eldorado Resorts, Inc., and solely for purposes of Section 1.5 and Section 8.20, Twin River Worldwide Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by  reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (File No. 001-38850) filed July 11, 2019)  2.3  Equity Purchase Agreement, dated April 24, 2020, among Twin River Worldwide Holdings, Inc., Twin River Management Group, Inc.,  Eldorado Resorts, Inc. and certain affiliates of each of Twin River Worldwide Holdings, Inc. and Eldorado Resorts, Inc. (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38850) filed April 24, 2020)  2.4  Equity Purchase Agreement, dated September 30, 2020, among Twin River Worldwide Holdings, Inc., Twin River Management  Group, Inc., The Rock Island Boatworks, Inc. and certain affiliates of each of Twin River Worldwide Holdings, Inc. and The Rock  Island Boatworks, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38850)  filed October 1, 2020)  2.5  Amendment No. 2 to the Equity Purchase Agreement, dated November 20, 2020, among the Company, Eldorado Resorts, Inc. and  certain of their affiliates (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38850)  filed November 24, 2020)  2.6  Rule 2.7 Announcement, dated April 13, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-  K (File No. 001-38850) filed on April 13, 2021)  3.1  Fifth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Bally's Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the  Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-38850) filed on November 9, 2021)  3.2  Amended and Restated Bylaws of Bally's Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on  Form 8-K (File No. 001-38850) filed October 7, 2021)  4.1  Form of Certificate of Common Stock of Twin River Worldwide Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the  Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-228973) filed on January 25, 2019)  4.2  Indenture, dated as of August 20, 2021, among Premier Entertainment Sub, LLC, Premier Entertainment Finance Corp. and U.S.  Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (File  No. 001-38850) filed on August 20, 2021)  4.3  First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 1, 2021, among Premier Entertainment Sub, LLC, Premier Entertainment Finance  Corp., the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the  Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38850) filed on October 7, 2021)  4.4  Description of Registrant's Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File  No. 001-38850) filed on March 1, 2022  4.5  Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-38850) filed  on March 10, 2021)  4.6  Form of Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-  38850) filed on March 10, 2021)  10.1  License Agreement, dated May 15, 2003, by and between Hard Rock Hotel Licensing, Inc., Premier Entertainment Biloxi LLC, and  Premier Entertainment, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File  No. 333-228973) filed on January 25, 2019)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Exhibit  Number  Description of Exhibit  10.2  First Letter Agreement, dated April 4, 2006, by and between Hard Rock Hotel Licensing, Inc., Premier Entertainment Biloxi LLC, and  Premier Entertainment, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File  No. 333-228973) filed on January 25, 2019)  10.3  First Amendment to Hard Rock License Agreement, dated May 10, 2007, by and between Hard Rock Hotel Licensing, Inc., Premier  Entertainment Biloxi LLC, and Premier Entertainment Biloxi LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's  Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-228973) filed on January 25, 2019)  10.4  Second Amendment to Hard Rock License Agreement, dated July 10, 2014, by and between Hard Rock Hotel Licensing, Inc.,  Premier Entertainment Biloxi LLC, and Premier Entertainment Biloxi LLC, and Twin River Management Group, Inc. (incorporated by  reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-228973) filed on January 25, 2019)  10.5  Master Video Lottery Terminal Contract, dated July 18, 2005, by and between the Division of Lotteries of the Rhode Island  Department of Administration and UTGR, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Registration Statement on  Form S-4/A (File No. 333-228973) filed on January 25, 2019)  10.6  First Amendment to Master Video Lottery Terminal Contract, dated November 4, 2010, by and between the Division of Lotteries of the  Rhode Island Department of Revenue (f/k/a the Division of Lotteries of the Rhode Island Department of Administration) and UTGR,  Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-228973) filed  on January 25, 2019)  10.7  Second Amendment to Master Video Lottery Terminal Contract, dated May 3, 2012, by and between the Division of Lotteries of the  Rhode Island Department of Revenue (f/k/a the Division of Lotteries of the Rhode Island Department of Administration) and UTGR,  Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-228973) filed  on January 25, 2019)  10.8  Third Amendment to Master Video Lottery Terminal Contract, dated September 18, 2012, by and between the Division of Lotteries of  the Rhode Island Department of Revenue (f/k/a the Division of Lotteries of the Rhode Island Department of Administration) and  UTGR, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-  228973) filed on January 25, 2019)  10.9  Fourth Amendment to Master Video Lottery Terminal Contract, dated July 1, 2014, by and between the Division of Lotteries of the  Rhode Island Department of Revenue (f/k/a the Division of Lotteries of the Rhode Island Department of Administration) and UTGR,  Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-228973) filed  on January 25, 2019)  10.10  Fifth Amendment to Master Video Lottery Terminal Contract, dated May 2, 2017, by and between the Division of Lotteries of the  Rhode Island Department of Revenue (f/k/a the Division of Lotteries of the Rhode Island Department of Administration) and UTGR,  Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-228973) filed  on January 25, 2019)  10.11  Sixth Amendment to Master Video Lottery Terminal Contract, dated May 3, 2017, by and between the Division of Lotteries of the  Rhode Island Department of Revenue (f/k/a the Division of Lotteries of the Rhode Island Department of Administration) and UTGR,  Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-228973) filed  on January 25, 2019)  10.12  Seventh Amendment to Master Video Lottery Terminal Contract, dated March 12, 2018, by and between the Division of Lotteries of  the Rhode Island Department of Revenue (f/k/a the Division of Lotteries of the Rhode Island Department of Administration) and  UTGR, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-  228973) filed on January 25, 2019)  10.13  Eighth Amendment to Master Video Lottery Terminal Contract, dated February 17, 2022, by and between the Division of Lotteries of  the Rhode Island Department of Revenue (f/k/a the Division of Lotteries of the Rhode Island Department of Administration) and  UTGR, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (File 001-38850) filed on  February 24, 2022)  10.14  Master Video Lottery Terminal Contract, dated November 23, 2005, by and between the Division of Lotteries of the Rhode Island  Department of Revenue (f/k/a the Division of Lotteries of the Rhode Island Department of Administration) and Newport Grand Jai Alai,  LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-228973) filed  on January 25, 2019)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Exhibit  Number  Description of Exhibit  10.15  First Amendment to Master Video Lottery Terminal Contract, dated January 25, 2006, by and between the Division of Lotteries of the  Rhode Island Department of Revenue (f/k/a the Division of Lotteries of the Rhode Island Department of Administration) and Newport  Grand Jai Alai, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No.  333-228973) filed on January 25, 2019)  10.16  First Amendment to Master Video Lottery Terminal Contract, as previously amended, dated December 21, 2010, by and between the  Division of Lotteries of the Rhode Island Department of Revenue (f/k/a the Division of Lotteries of the Rhode Island Department of  Administration) and Newport Grand, LLC (f/k/a Newport Grand Jai Alai, LLC) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the  Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-228973) filed on January 25, 2019)  10.17  Second Amendment to Master Video Lottery Terminal Contract, dated May 31, 2012, by and between the Division of Lotteries of the  Rhode Island Department of Revenue (f/k/a the Division of Lotteries of the Rhode Island Department of Administration) and Newport  Grand, LLC (f/k/a Newport Grand Jai Alai, LLC) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company's Registration Statement  on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-228973) filed on January 25, 2019)  10.18  Third Amendment to Master Video Lottery Terminal Contract, dated May 1, 2013, by and between the Division of Lotteries of the  Rhode Island Department of Revenue (f/k/a the Division of Lotteries of the Rhode Island Department of Administration) and Newport  Grand, LLC (f/k/a Newport Grand Jai Alai, LLC) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company's Registration Statement  on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-228973) filed on January 25, 2019)  10.19  Fourth Amendment to Master Video Lottery Terminal Contract, dated July 14, 2015, by and between the Division of Lotteries of the  Rhode Island Department of Revenue (f/k/a the Division of Lotteries of the Rhode Island Department of Administration) and Premier  Entertainment II, LLC, d/b/a Newport Grand (assignee of Newport Grand, LLC (f/k/a Newport Grand Jai Alai, LLC)) (incorporated by  reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-228973) filed on January 25, 2019)  10.20  Fifth Amendment to Master Video Lottery Terminal Contract, dated May 2, 2017, by and between the Division of Lotteries of the  Rhode Island Department of Revenue (f/k/a the Division of Lotteries of the Rhode Island Department of Administration) and Premier  Entertainment II, LLC, d/b/a Newport Grand (assignee of Newport Grand, LLC (f/k/a Newport Grand Jai Alai, LLC)) (incorporated by  reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-228973) filed on January 25, 2019)  10.21  Sixth Amendment to Master Video Lottery Terminal Contract, dated March 12, 2018, by and among the Division of Lotteries of the  Rhode Island Department of Revenue (f/k/a the Division of Lotteries of the Rhode Island Department of Administration), Premier  Entertainment II, LLC, d/b/a Newport Grand (assignee of Newport Grand, LLC (f/k/a Newport Grand Jai Alai, LLC)) and Twin-River  Tiverton, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-  228973) filed on January 25, 2019)  10.22  Seventh Amendment to Master Video Lottery Terminal Contract, dated September 13, 2018, by and among the Division of Lotteries  of the Rhode Island Department of Revenue (f/k/a the Division of Lotteries of the Rhode Island Department of Administration),  Premier Entertainment II, LLC, d/b/a Newport Grand (assignee of Newport Grand, LLC (f/k/a Newport Grand Jai Alai, LLC)) and Twin-  River Tiverton, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No.  333-228973) filed on January 25, 2019)  10.23  Assignment, Assumption and Amendment of Master Video Lottery Terminal Contract, dated September 13, 2018, by and between  Premier Entertainment II, LLC and Twin River-Tiverton LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company's Registration  Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-228973) filed on January 25, 2019)  10.24  Eighth Amendment to Master Video Lottery Terminal Contract, dated February 17, 2022, by and among the Division of Lotteries of  the Rhode Island Department of Revenue (f/k/a the Division of Lotteries of the Rhode Island Department of Administration), Premier  Entertainment II, LLC, d/b/a Newport Grand (assignee of Newport Grand, LLC (f/k/a Newport Grand Jai Alai, LLC)) and Twin-River  Tiverton, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (File 001-38850) filed on  February 24, 2022)  10.25  Agreement, dated October 4, 2017, by and between Dover Downs, Inc. and Delaware Standardbred Owners Association  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-228973) filed on  January 25, 2019)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Exhibit  Number  Description of Exhibit  10.26**  BLB Worldwide Holdings, Inc. 2010 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Company's Registration  Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-228973) filed on January 25, 2019)  10.27**  Amendment to 2010 BLB Worldwide Holdings, Inc. Stock Option Plan, effective June 17, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit  10.25 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-228973) filed on January 25, 2019)  10.28**  Twin River Worldwide Holdings, Inc. 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Company's  Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-228973) filed on January 25, 2019)  10.29**  Bally's Corporation 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex B to the Registrant's Definitive Proxy Statement  on Schedule 14A (File No. 001-38850) filed April 8, 2021)  10.30**  Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Company's Registration Statement  on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-228973) filed on January 25, 2019)  10.31**  Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Performance-Based) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Company's  Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-228973) filed on January 25, 2019)  10.32**  Form Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Performance-Based) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to the Registrant's  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 (File No. 001-38850) filed on March 13, 2020)  10.33**  Form Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form  10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 (File No. 001-38850) filed on March 13, 2020)  10.34**  Employment Agreement, effective as of March 29, 2016, by and between Twin River Management Group, Inc. and George Papanier  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-228973) filed on  January 25, 2019)  10.35**  Amendment No 1. to Employment Agreement, dated as of January 13, 2020, by and among Twin River Worldwide Holdings, Inc. and  George Papanier (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (File No. 001-38850) filed on January 16,  2020)  10.36**  Amendment No. 2 Employment Agreement, January 20, 2021, by and between Bally's Corporation and George Papanier  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020  (File No. 001-38850) filed on March 10, 2021)  10.37**  Employment Agreement, effective as of January 1, 2019, by and between Twin River Worldwide Holdings, Inc. and Stephen H. Capp  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-228973) filed on  January 25, 2019)  10.38**  Amendment to Employment Agreement, effective February 23, 2021, by and between Bally's Corporation and Stephen H. Capp  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020  (File No. 001-38850) filed on March 10, 2021)  10.39**  Employment Agreement, effective July 10, 2013, by and between Twin River Management Group, Inc. and Craig L. Eaton  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019  (File No. 001-38850) filed on March 13, 2020)  10.40**  Employment Agreement, effective May 1, 2019, by and between Twin River Worldwide Holdings, Inc. and Marc Crisafulli  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020  (File No. 001-38850) filed on March 10, 2021)  10.41**  Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement, effective February 21, 2019, by and between Twin River Worldwide Holdings, Inc. and  Marc Crisafulli (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended  December 31, 2020 (File No. 001-38850) filed on March 10, 2021)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Exhibit  Number  Description of Exhibit  10.42**  Employment Agreement Amendment, effective March 15, 2021, by and between Bally's Corporation and Marc Crisafulli (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 (File No. 001-  38850) filed on May 10, 2021)  10.43**  Form of Lee Fenton Service Agreement, effective October 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's  Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38850) filed on October 7, 2021)  10.44**  Form of Robeson Reeves Service Agreement, effective October 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the  Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-38850) filed on March 1, 2022  10.45  Credit Agreement, dated October 1, 2021, among Bally's Corporation, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, the lenders party  thereto and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit  10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (File 001-38850) filed on October 7, 2021)  10.46  Amended and Restated Regulatory Agreement, dated February 17, 2022, by and among the Rhode Island Department of Business  Regulation, the Division of Lotteries of the Rhode Island Department of Revenue, Bally's Corporation, Twin River Management  Group, Inc., UTGR, Inc. and Twin River-Tiverton, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on  Form 8-K (File 001-38850) filed on February 24, 2022)  10.47**  Bally's Corporation 2021 Equity Incentive Plan - Performance Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 to  the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-38850) filed on March 1, 2022  10.48**  Bally's Corporation 2021 Equity Incentive Plan - Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.48  to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-38850) filed on March 1, 2022  21.1  Schedule of Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-  38850) filed on March 1, 2022  23.1*  Consent of Independent Public Accounting Firm  31.1*  Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  31.2*  Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  32.1*  Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  32.2*  Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  99.1  Description of Government Regulations (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K  (File No. 001-38850) filed on March 1, 2022)  101.INS  Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because XBRL tags are  embedded within the inline XBRL document  101.SCH  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  101.CAL  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  101.DEF  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  101.LAB  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  101.PRE  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  104  The cover page from Bally's Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, formatted in inline  XBRL contained in Exhibit 101  #  As permitted under Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K, the exhibits and schedules to this exhibit are omitted from this filing. The Company agrees  to furnish a supplemental copy of any omitted exhibit or schedule to the SEC upon its request.  *  Filed herewith.  **  Management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on November 9, 2022.

## BALLY'S CORPORATION

By: /s/ Robert M. Lavan Robert M. Lavan Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

Pursuant  to  the  requirements  of  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934,  this  report  has  been  signed  below  by  the  following  persons  on  behalf  of  the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

| Signature  Title  Date  /s/ Lee D. Fenton  President, Chief Executive Officer and Director  November 9, 2022  Lee D. Fenton  (Principal Executive Officer)  /s/ Robert M. Lavan  Chief Financial Officer  November 9, 2022  Robert M. Lavan  (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  /s/ Soohyung Kim  Chairman  November 9, 2022  Soohyung Kim  /s/ Terrence Downey  Director  November 9, 2022  Terrence Downey  /s/ George T. Papanier  Director  November 9, 2022  George T. Papanier  /s/ Jaymin B. Patel  Director  November 9, 2022  Jaymin B. Patel  /s/ Robeson M. Reeves  Director  November 9, 2022  Robeson M. Reeves  /s/ Jeffrey W. Rollins  Director  November 9, 2022  Jeffrey W. Rollins  /s/ James A. Ryan  Director  November 9, 2022  James A. Ryan  /s/ Wanda Y. Wilson  Director  November 9, 2022  Wanda Y. Wilson   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|