<!-- image -->

## Annual Report  2021 - 2022

<!-- image -->

| Contents  Page No  v  v  v  v  ## Motto  Objectives   |
|-------------------------------------------------------|

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Sri S V Balasubramaniam

(DIN : 00002405)

Sri B Saravanan

(DIN : 00002927)

Sri M P Vijayakumar

(DIN : 05103089)

Sri E P Muthukumar

(DIN : 00003740)

Sri A K Perumalsamy

(DIN : 00313769)

Sri T Gundan

(DIN : 00624804)

Dr Radha Ramani

(DIN : 07083381)

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Sri C Palaniswamy

## CHIEF FINANCIAL  OFFICER

Sri M Ramprabhu

## BOARD COMMITTEES

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

Sri M P Vijayakumar

Chairman

Sri T Gundan

Member

Sri E P Muthukumar

Member

## NOMINATION AND  REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Sri M P Vijayakumar

Chairman

Sri T Gundan

Member

Sri E P Muthukumar

Member

## STAKEHOLDERS' RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE

Sri T Gundan

Chairman

Sri S V Balasubramaniam

Member

Sri M P Vijayakumar

Member

Sri A K Perumalsamy

Member

## CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY COMMITTEE

Sri M P Vijayakumar

Chairman

Sri S V Balasubramaniam

Member

Sri T Gundan

Member

Dr Radha Ramani

Member

## RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE

Sri M P Vijayakumar

Chairman

Sri S V Balasubramaniam

Member

Sri B Saravanan

Member

Sri T Gundan

Member

Chairman

## Managing Director

Independent Non-Executive

Director

Independent Non-Executive

Director

Independent Non-Executive

Director

Independent Non-Executive

Director

Independent Non-Executive

Woman Director

## BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

## AUDITORS

M/s P K Nagarajan &amp; Co

## INTERNAL AUDITORS

## COST AUDITORS

M/s B M &amp; Associates

Chartered Accountants

M/s Subbachar &amp; Srinivasan

Chartered Accountants

Sri M Nagarajan

Cost Accountant

## SECRETARIAL AUDITORS

M/s C Thirumurthy &amp; Associates

Company Secretaries

BANKERS

Punjab National Bank

Canara Bank

The Federal Bank Limited

The Karur Vysya Bank Limited

Indian Overseas Bank

State Bank of India

Bank of India

AXIS Bank Limited

ICICI Bank Limited

HDFC Bank Limited

E-mail: shares@bannari.com

Website: www.bannari.com

CIN: L15421TZ1983PLC001358

## REGISTERED OFFICE

1212 Trichy Road

Coimbatore - 641 018

Tel: 0422: 2204100

Fax: 0422 - 2309999

## REGISTRAR AND SHARE TRANSFER AGENT

M/s Cameo Corporate Services Limited

'Subramanian Building'

Tel: 044 - 28460395

Club House Road

Fax: 044 - 28460129

Chennai - 600 002

E-mail: investor@cameoindia.com

CIN: U67120TN1998PLC041613

## LISTING OF EQUITY SHARES

## BSE Limited

Phiroze Jeejeebhay Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001

Stock Code: 500041    ISIN : INE459A01010

## National Stock Exchange of India Limited

"Exchange Plaza", Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),

Mumbai - 400 051

Stock Code: BANARISUG    ISIN : INE459A01010

## th 38  ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (AGM)

th Friday 9  September, 2022 at 4.45 p.m.

AGM through Video Conferencing / Other

Audio Visual Means (VC/OAVM)

Chartered Accountants

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED

## Notice to Shareholders

NOTICE is hereby given that the THIRTY EIGHTH (38th) ANNUAL  GENERAL  MEETING  of  the  Members  of BANNARI     AMMAN     SUGARS     LIMITED     ("the Company")  will  be  held  on  Friday  the  9th  day  of September 2022 at 4.45 PM through Video Conferencing (VC)/Other Audio Visual Means (OAVM) to transact the following business:

## Ordinary Business

- Adoption of Audited Financial Statements, Reports of the Board  of  Directors  and Auditors thereon 1.

To consider and if thought fit to pass the following resolution as an Resolution: Ordinary

RESOLVED that the audited financial statements of the company for the financial year ended March 31, 2022 and the reports of the Board of Directors and Auditors thereon as circulated to the members be and are hereby adopted.

## 2. Declaration of Dividend

To consider and if thought fit to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:

RESOLVED that a dividend at the rate of ` 10/(Rupees Ten only) per equity share on 1,25,39,700  equity  shares  of ` 10/-  each  as recommended by the Board of Directors be and is hereby  declared  for  the  financial  year  ended March 31, 2022 and that the same be paid out of profits of the Company.

- Appointment  of  Director  who  retires  by rotation 3.

To consider and if thought fit to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:

RESOLVED that Sri B Saravanan, Director (DIN: 00002927)  who  retires  by  rotation  and  being eligible  for  re-appointment  be  and  is  hereby re-appointed as Director of the Company.

## 4. Appointment of Statutory Auditors

To consider and if thought fit to pass with or without modification(s)  the  following  resolution  as  an Ordinary Resolution:

RESOLVED  that  pursuant  to  the  provisions  of Section 139, 142 and other applicable provisions if  any  of  the  Companies  Act  2013  read  with Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 for the  time  being  in  force  (including  any  statutory modification(s)  or  re-enactment(s)  thereof)  and pursuant to the recommendations of the Audit  Committee  and  the  Board  of  Directors, M/s  P  N  Raghavendra  Rao  &amp;  Co.,  Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No.003328S) Coimbatore,    be  and  are  hereby  appointed  as Statutory Auditors of the Company in the place of retiring  Auditors  M/s  P  K  Nagarajan  &amp;  Co., Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No.016676S)  Coimbatore  for  a  term  of    five consecutive years  from the conclusion of this 38th Annual General Meeting till the conclusion of 43rd Annual General Meeting of the company at such remuneration as may be determined by the Board of Directors of t h e company  on  the recommendation of Audit Committee.

## Special Business

## 5. Ratification  of  Remuneration  payable  to Cost Auditor

To consider and if thought fit to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:

RESOLVED that pursuant to Section 148 and other applicable provisions if any of the Companies Act 2013  and  the  Rules made  there  under  the remuneration of ` 2,00,000/- (Rupees two lakhs only)  (plus  applicable  GST  and  out  of  pocket expenses  if  any  for  purpose  of  audit)  payable to  Sri  M  Nagarajan  (Membership  No.F-6384) Cost  Accountant  as  approved  by  the  Board  of Directors on recommendations of Audit Committee for  conducting  the  audit  of  Cost    Accounting Records   of the company for the financial year st ending 31  March 2023 be and is hereby ratified.

Coimbatore 30.05.2022

By order of the Board C PALANISWAMY Company Secretary

## NOTES

1. Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies  Act,  2013  in  respect  of  Item  Nos.  4 (ordinary business) and 5 (special business) to be transacted at the Annual General Meeting as set out in the notice is annexed hereto. Additional information  pursuant  to  applicable  Regulations  of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)  Regulations,  2015  and  Secretarial standards on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India in respect of Director seeking  re-appointment  at  this  Annual  General Meeting is furnished as Annexure to the Notice.
2. In  view  of  continuing  COVID-19  pandemic,  the general meetings of the  companies  are  being conducted  as  per  the  guidelines  issued  by  the Ministry  of  Corporate  Affairs  (MCA)  vide  Circular Nos. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020, 17/2020 dated April  13,  2020  read  with  Circular  No.  20/2020 dated May 05, 2020, Circular No.02/2021 dated January 13, 2021 and Circular No.02/2022 dated May 05,  2022,  (collectively  referred  to  as  "MCA Circulars") without physical presence of members at common venue.  The forthcoming AGM will thus be held on Friday, the 9th day of September, 2022 at 4.45 P.M (IST) through video conferencing (VC) or Other Audio Visual Means (OAVM). Hence, Members can attend and participate in the ensuing AGM through VC/OAVM. The deemed venue for the AGM shall be the Registered Office of the Company.
3. The Members can join the AGM through VC/OAVM mode 15 minutes before and after the scheduled time of commencement of the Meeting by following the procedure mentioned in the Notice. The facility of participation at the AGM through VC/OAVM will be made  available  to  atleast  1000  members  on  first come first served basis. This will not include large shareholders  (shareholders  holding  2%  or  more shareholding), Promoters, Institutional Investors, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons of the Board Committees, Auditors etc.

## BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED

<!-- image -->

- who  are  allowed  to attend  the  AGM  without restriction on account of first come first served basis.
- The attendance of the Members attending the AGM through VC/OAVM will be counted for the purpose of ascertaining the quorum under Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013. 4.
- Since this AGM is being held through VC/OAVM, the facility  to  appoint  proxy to attend and cast vote for the members is not available for this AGM. Hence attendance slip and proxy forms are not attached to the notice. In pursuance of Section 112 and  Section 113 of the Companies Act, 2013, representatives of the members such as the President of India or the Governor of a State or body corporate can attend the AGM  through  VC/OAVM  and  cast  their  votes through e-voting. 5.
- In  line  with  the  Circulars  issued  by  Ministry    of Corporate Affairs (MCA) / SEBI,     notice of AGM along with the 38th  Annual Report is being sent only through electronic mode to those members whose email addreses are registered with t h e company/depositories. The Notice calling the AGM and Annual Report 2021-22 have been uploaded on the website of the Company at www.bannari.com. The Notice and Annual Report can also be accessed f r o m t h e websit e s o f B S E L i m i t e d (www.bseindia.com) and National Stock Exchange of India  Limited  (www.nseindia.com).   The AGM Notice is also  disseminated on the website of CDSL (agency   for providing  the  Remote  e-Voting facility and e-voting system during the AGM)  i.e. www.evotingindia.com.  Members  who  have  not registered their e-mail addresses so far are requested to register the same to enable the company to send all communications including Annual Report, Notices, Circular etc. in electronic mode. 6.
7. The Register of Members and Share Transfer Books of the Company will remain closed from Saturday the 3rd September, 2022 to Friday the 9th September, 2022 (both days inclusive).

<!-- image -->

- 8 Dividend recommended by the Board of Directors, if approved by the  Members  at  the  ensuing  Annual General  Meeting,  will  be  credited  /  dispatched between 12th September, 2022 and 24th September, 2022 to those members whose names appear  on  the  Register  of  Members  as  on  9th September,  2022.      In  respect  of  shares  held  in electronic form, the dividend will be paid on the basis of  beneficial  ownership  furnished  by  the  National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL)/Central Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL) as at the close of business hours on 2nd September, 2022. .
- 9 Members holding shares in the electronic form are requested to inform any changes in address/bank mandate  directly to their respective Depository Participants (DPs). The address/ bank mandate as furnished to the Company by the respective Depositories Viz., NSDL and CDSL will be printed on the dividend warrants. Members holding shares in physical form are requested to inform the changes in address/mandate/bank details directly to the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent. Members who have not furnished the details of bank accounts so for are requested to furnish the details to their respective DPs or to the Registrar and Transfer Agent as the case may be to enable the company to make dividend payments. .
10.  The Company  has transferred the unpaid or unclaimed dividends for the financial year 2013-2014 to the Investor Education and Protection Fund (the IEPF) established by the Central Government. The Company has uploaded the details of  unpaid  and  unclaimed  dividend  amounts  lying st with the Company as  on  31   March  2021  on  the website  of  the Company (www.bannari.com) and also  on  the  website  of  the  Ministry  of  Corporate Affairs www.iepf.gov.in.
- 1 As  required  under  section  124(6)  read  with  IEPF Rules as amended, all the shares in respect of which dividend  remains  unpaid  /  unclaimed  for  seven consecutive  years  have  been  transferred  to  IEPF Authority. 1 .

## PROCEDURE  FOR  REMOTE  E-VOTING  AND JOINING THE MEETING

1. Pursuant  to  the  provisions  of  Section  108  of  the Companies  Act,  2013  read  with  Rule  20  of  the Companies   (Management   and   Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended) and Regulation 44 of SEBI (Listing  Obligations  and  Disclosure  Requirements) Regulations 2015 (as amended) and MCA Circulars, the Company is providing facility of remote e-voting to  its  Members  in  respect  of  the  business  to  be transacted  at  the  AGM.  For  this  purpose,  the Company  has  entered  into  an  agreement  with Central Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL) for facilitating voting through electronic means, as the authorized e-Voting agency. The facility of casting votes by a member using remote e-voting as well as the e-voting system on the date of the AGM will be provided by CDSL.
2. The remote voting period begins on  5th September, 2022 at 9.00 am  and  ends  on  8th  September 2022 at 5.00 pm.  During this period shareholders of the Company, holding shares either in physical form or  in  dematerialized  form,  as  on  the  cut-off  date (record date) of 2nd September 2022, may cast their vote electronically. The remote e-voting module shall be disabled by CDSL for voting thereafter.
3. Shareholders who have already voted prior to the meeting  date  would  not  be  entitled  to  vote  at  the meeting.
4. Pursuant  to  SEBI  Circular  No.  SEBI/HO/CFD/ CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated 9th December, 2020, individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories / Depository Participants.  Shareholders  are  advised  to  update their  mobile  number and email Id in their demate accounts in order to access remote e-voting facility.
5. Remote e-voting is enabled to all the demat account holders  by  way  of  single  login  credential  through their  demat  accounts/websites  of  Depositories  / Depository  Participants.  Demate  account  Holders can cast their vote without having to register again with e-voting service providers (ESPs)

<!-- image -->

6. Login method for e-voting and joining virtual meeting

## A. Individual shareholders holding securities in Demat mode :

## CDSL

- 1) Users  who  have  opted  for  CDSL  Easi  /  Easiest facility, can login through their existing user id and password. Option will be made available to reach e-voting page without any further authentication. The  URL  for  users  to  login  to  Easi  /  Easiest  are https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasi/home/login or visit www.cdslindia.com and click on Login icon and select New System Myeasi.
- 2) After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-voting option for eligible companies where the e-voting is in progress as per the information provided by company. On clicking the e-voting option, the user will be able to see evoting  page  of  the  e-voting  service  provider  for casting your vote during the remote e-voting period or  joining  virtual  meeting  &amp;  voting  during  the meeting. Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system of all e-voting Service Providers i.e. CDSL/NSDL/KARVY /LINKINTIME, so that the user can visit the e-voting service providers' website directly.
- 3) If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option t o r e g i s t e r i s a v a i l a b l e a t https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasi/Registration/ EasiRegistration
- 4) Alternatively, the user can directly access e-voting page by providing  Demat  Account  Number  and PAN  No.  from  a  e-voting link available on www.cdslindia.com home page or click on https://evoting.cdslindia.com/ Evoting/Evoting Login  The  system  will  authenticate  the  user  by sending  OTP  on  registered  Mobile  &amp;  Email  as recorded  in  the  Demat  Account.  After  successful authentication, user will be able to see the e-voting option where the e-voting is in progress and also able  to  directly  access  the  system  of  all  e-voting Service Providers.

## NSDL

- 1) If  you  are  already  registered  for  NSDL  IDeAS facility, please visit the e-services website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com  either  on  a  Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-services  is  launched,  click  on  the  "Beneficial Owner"  icon  under  "Login"  which  is  available under 'IDeAS' section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID and Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to see e-voting services. Click on through your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-voting facility. After Successful login, you will be able to see  e-voting  option.  Once  you  click  on  e-voting option,  you  will  be  redirected  to  NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein  you  can  see  e-voting  feature.  Click  on company name or e-voting service provider name and you will be redirected   to   e-voting   service provider  website  for  casting  your  vote during the remote e-voting period or joining virtual meeting &amp; voting during the meeting.
- 2) If  the  user  is  not  registered  for  IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at https://eservices. nsdl.com. Select "Register Online for IDeAS "Portal or click at https://eservices.nsdl.com/Secure Web/Ideas Direct Reg.jsp
- 3) Visit  the  e-voting  website  of  NSDL.  Open  web browser by t y ping t he f ollowing URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-voting system is launched, click on the icon "Login" which is available under 'Shareholder/ Member' section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen  digit  demat  account  number  hold  with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on t he screen. After successful authentication,  you  will  be  redirected  to  NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-voting page. Click on company  name  or  e-voting service provider  name  and  you  will  be  redirected  to  evoting service provider website for casting your vote during the remote e-voting period or joining virtual meeting &amp; voting during the meeting.

<!-- image -->

| Login through Depository Participants  Sharholders can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through  your  Depository  Participant  registered  with  NSDL/CDSL  for  e-voting facility. After Successful login, you will be able to see e-voting option. Once you click on e-voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein you can see e-voting feature. Click on company name or e-voting service provider name and you will be redirected  to  e-voting service   provider   website   for   casting   your   vote during the remote e-voting period or joining virtual meeting &amp; voting during the meeting.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## B. Physical and non-individual shareholders holding shares in demat mode :

- i) The shareholders should log on to the e-voting website www.evotingindia.com.
2. ii) Click on "Shareholders" module.
3. iii) Now Enter your User ID
- a) For CDSL: 16 digits beneficiary ID,
- b) For NSDL: 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digits Client ID,

## vi)    If you are a first time user follow the steps given below:

| For Shareholders holding shares in Demat Form and Physical Form  PAN  Enter your 10 digit alpha-numeric *PAN issued by Income Tax Department (Applicable for  both demat shareholders as well as physical shareholders)  l  Shareholders who have not updated their PAN with the Company/Depository  Participant are requested to use the sequence number which is printed on Postal  Ballot / Attendance Slip indicated in the PAN field.  Enter the Dividend Bank Details or Date of Birth (in dd/mm/yyyy format) as recorded in your  demat account or in the company records in order to login.  l  If  both  the  details  are  not  recorded  with  the  depository or company please enter the  member id /folio number in the Dividend Bank details field as mentioned in  instruction.  Dividend Bank  Details  OR  Date of Birth  (DOB)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- vii) After  entering  these  details  appropriately,  click  on "SUBMIT" tab.
- viii) Shareholders  holding  shares  in  physical  form  will then  directly  reach  the  Company  selection  screen. However, shareholders holding shares in demat form will now reach 'Password Creation' menu wherein

they  are  required  to  mandatorily  enter  their  login password in the new password field. Kindly note that this password is to be also used by the demat holders for voting for resolutions of any other company on which  they  are  eligible to vote,  provided  that company opts for e-voting through CDSL platform.

- c) Shareholders  holding  shares  in  Physical Form should enter Folio  Number registered with the Company.
2. iv) Next enter the Image Verification as displayed and Click on Login.
- v) If  you  are  holding  shares in  Demat form and had logged on to www.evotingindia.com and voted on an earlier voting of any company, then your existing password is to be used.

<!-- image -->

- It  is  strongly  recommended  not  to  share  your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your password confidential.
- ix) For shareholders holding shares in physical form, the details can  be  used  only for e-voting on  the resolutions contained in this Notice.
- x) Click  on  the  Electronic  Voting  Sequence  Number (EVSN) relevant for "BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED" on which you choose to vote.
- xi) On  the  voting  page,  you  will  see  "RESOLUTION DESCRIPTION"  and  against  the  same  the  option "YES/NO" for voting. Select the option YES or NO as desired. The option YES implies that you assent to the Resolution and option NO implies that you dissent to the Resolution.
- xii) Click on the "RESOLUTIONS FILE LINK" if you wish to view the entire Resolution details.
- xiii) After  selecting  the  resolution  you  have  decided  to vote on, click on "SUBMIT". A confirmation box will be displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote, click on  "OK",  else to change  your  vote, click  on "CANCEL" and accordingly modify your vote.
- xiv) Once you "CONFIRM" your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote.
- xv) You can also take a print of the votes cast by clicking on "Click here to print" option on the Voting page.
- xvi) If  a  demat  account  holder  has  forgotten  the  login password  then  Enter  the  User  ID  and  the  image verification  code  and  click  on  Forgot  Password  &amp; enter the details as prompted by the system.
- xvii) Shareholders can also cast their vote using CDSL's mobile app "m-Voting". The m-Voting app can be downloaded from respective Store. Please follow the instructions  as  prompted  by  the  mobile  app  while Remote Voting on your mobile.
- xviii) Note for Non -Individual Shareholders and Custodians:
- v Non-Individual shareholders (i.e. other than Individuals,  HUF,  NRI  etc.)  and  Custodians  are required  to  log  on  to  www.evotingindia.com  and register themselves in the "Corporates" module.
- v A scanned copy of the Registration Form bearing the stamp and sign of the entity should be emailed to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com.
- v After receiving the login details a Compliance User should  be  created  using  the  admin  login  and password. The Compliance User would be able to link  the  account(s)  for  which  they  wish  to  vote  on.
- v The  list  of  accounts  linked  in  the  login  should  be mailed  to  helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com  and  on approval of the accounts they would be able to cast their vote.
- v A scanned copy of the Board Resolution and Power of Attorney (POA) which they have issued in favour of the  Custodian, if  any,  should  be  uploaded in PDF format in the system for the scrutinizer to verify the same.
- v Alternatively non-individual shareholders are required  to  send  the  relevant  Board  Resolution /Authority Letter etc., together with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory who are authorized  to  vote,  to  the  Scrutinizer  and  to  the c o m p a n y at t h e email address vi z . , secretary@bannari.com  if  they  have  voted  from individual  tab  &amp;  not  uploaded  same  in  the  CDSL e-voting system to the scrutinizer to verify the same.

## C. Shareholders whose Email addresses are not Registered with the Depositories / RTA.

- i) For Physical shareholders, please provide necessary  details  like  Folio  No.,  Name  of shareholder, scanned copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self attested scanned  copy  of  PAN  card),  AADHAR  (self attested  scanned  copy  of  Aadhar  Card)  by email to Company/RTA email id.
2. ii) For  Demat  shareholders,  Please  update  your email  Id  &amp;  mobile  no.  with  your  respective Depository Participant (DP)

<!-- image -->

## BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED

- iii). For  individual  demat  shareholders  -  Please update your email Id and mobile no. with your respective  (DP)  which  is  mandatory  while  evoting &amp;  joining virtual meetings through Depository

In case you have any queries or issues regarding e-voting, you may refer the Frequently  Asked  Questions  ("FAQs")  and e-voting  manual  available  at  www.evoting india.com, under help section or write an email to  helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com  or  contact at toll  free  No.  1800  22  55  33

## GENERAL  INFORMATION  FOR  ATTENDING  THE AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM

1. The  link  for  VC/OAVM  to  attend  meeting  will  be available  where  the  EVSN  of  company  will    be displayed after successful login as per the instructions mentioned above for e-voting.
2. Shareholders who  have  voted through  Remote e-voting will   be   eligible   to   attend   the   AGM. However, they will not be eligible to vote at the AGM
3. Shareholders  are  encouraged  to  join  the  Meeting through Laptops / IPads for better experience.
4. Further  shareholders  will  be  required    to    allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance during the meeting.
5. Please note that Participants connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due   to fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.
6. Shareholders who would like to express their views/ask questions during the meeting may register themselves as a speaker by sending their request in advance atleast 3 days prior to meeting mentioning their name, demat account number/folio number, email id, mobile  number  through  company  email  id

shares@bannari.com. The shareholders who do not wish to speak during the AGM but have queries may send their queries in advance 3 days prior to meeting mentioning their name, demat  account  number/folio  number,  email id, mobile number  through shares@ bannari.com. These queries will be replied to by the company suitably by email.

7. Those shareholders who have registered themselves as a speaker will only be allowed to express their views/ask questions during the meeting.
8. Only  those  shareholders,  who  are  present  in  the AGM  through  VC/OAVM  facility  and  have  not casted their vote on the Resolutions through remote evoting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall  be  eligible  to  vote  through  e-voting  system available during the AGM.
9. If any Votes are cast by the shareholders through the e-voting available during the AGM and if the same shareholders  have  not  participated  in  the  meeting through VC/OAVM facility , then the votes cast by such shareholders shall be considered invalid as the facility  of  e-voting  during  the  meeting  is  available only to the shareholders attending the meeting.

## SCRUTINIZER AND RESULTS

1. M/s C Thirumurthy &amp; Associates, Company Secretaries, have been appointed as the Scrutinizer to  Scrutinize  the  e-voting  process  in  a  fair    and transparent manner.
2. The Scrutinizer shall immediately after the conclusion of   AGM unblock the votes cast during AGM and votes  cast  through  remote  e-voting  and  make  (not later  than    48  hours)  a  consolidated  Scrutinizer's Report forthwith to the Chairman of the Company.
3. The  Results  declared  along  with  the  Scrutinizer's Report shall  be  placed  on  the  Company's  website www.bannari.com  and  on  the  website  of  CDSL www.cdslindia.com  immediately  after  the  result  is declared by the company and communicated to the Stock Exchanges viz. BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited.

## STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013

## Item No.4

M/s P K Nagarajan &amp; Co., Chartered Accountants, (Firm Registration No. : 016676S) Coimbatore were appointed as the Statutory Auditors of the Company at 33rd Annual General Meeting of the company for a period of five years and they shall hold office till the conclusion of ensuing 38th Annual General Meeting. Pursuant to the provisions of Section  139(2)  of  the  Companies  Act,  2013  read  with applicable Rules made there under, the term of office of present Statutory  Auditors  expires  on  conclusion  of 38th Annual General Meeting. M/s P K Nagarajan &amp; Co., vide their letter dated 9.5.2022 expressed their intention not  to  seek  reappoinment  as  Statutory  Auditors  for  the Company on the  conclusion  of  their  present  term.  The Board of Directors took note of the above and places on record  their  appreciation  for  the  services  rendered  by M/s P K Nagarajan &amp; Co., Chartered Accountants.

The Board of Directors based on the recommendations of the Audit Committee proposed to appoint M/s P N Raghavendra Rao &amp; Co., Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No.003328S) Coimbatore as Statutory Auditors  for  a  term  of  five  consecutive  years  from  the conclusion  of  ensuing  38th  Annual  General  Meeting till  the  conclusion  of  43rd  Annual  General  Meeting. M/s P N Raghavendra Rao &amp; Co., Chartered Accountants have  vide  their  letter  dated  17.5.2022  informed  the company  that  their  appointment  if  made,  shall  be  in compliance with the provisions of Sections 139 and 144 of the  Companies  Act,  2013  and  Companies  (Audit  and Auditors)  Rules,  2014.  They  have  also  confirmed  their independence  and  eligibility  under  section  141  of  the Companies Act, 2013.

The Board of Directors recommends the appointment of M/s P N Raghavendra Rao &amp; Co., Chartered Accountants as Statutory Auditors of the company for a term of five (5) consecutive  years  from  the  conclusion  of  ensuing  38th Annual General Meeting till the conclusion of 43rd Annual General Meeting of the Company.

Details pursuant to Regulations 36(5) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations  and  Disclosure  Requirements)  Regulation, 2015 are as under:

## a) Proposed fee payable to Statutory Auditors

` 20,00,000/- plus reimbursement of out of pocket st expenses for the year ending 31  March, 2023. The Audit  Committee  and  the  Board  of  Directors  are authorized to vary the terms and conditions including revision to the fees commensurate with the work.

## b) Term of appointment

5  (Five)  consecutive  years  from  the  conclusion  of th 38  Annual General Meeting till the conclusion of rd 43  Annual General Meeting of the Company

- c) Material change in the fee payable

There  is  no  material  change  in  the  proposed  fee payable to the statutory auditors.

- d) Basis of recommendation and auditor credentials

The Audit Committee after evaluating various proposals and considering various factors such as industry  experience,  technical  skills,  audit  team, quality of reports etc., recommended the appointment of M/s P N Raghavendra Rao &amp; Co., Chartered Accountants as Statutory Auditors of the company for a term of five consecutive years.

M/s P N Raghavendra Rao &amp; Co., was founded by Sri P N Raghavendra Rao one of the early Chartered Accountants in South India Region with experience and intellect in the profession of Chartered Accountancy in the year 1975. The Firm Registration Number  is  003328S.  The  firm  has  a  team  of experienced Chartered Accountants. The firm holds valid  peer  review  certificate  issued  by  the  Peer Review Board of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. The firm has offices in

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Coimbatore, Pune and Chennai. The firm primarily engaged in providing auditing, assurance, taxation, accounting and advisory services.

The Board of Directors recommends the Resolution as set out in item No.4 for the approval of members by way of an ordinary resolution.

None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives is in any way concerned or interested in the proposed ordinary Resolution.

## Item No.5

The  Board  of  Directors  on  the  recommendation  of  the Audit  Committee  has  approved    the    appointment    of Sri  M  Nagarajan,  Cost  Accountant  as  Cost  Auditor  to conduct  audit  of  cost  records  of  the  company  for  the

Coimbatore 30.05.2022

In terms of Regulation 36(3) of Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 read with secretarial  standard  on  General  Meeting  a  brief profile  of  the  director  who  proposed  to  be  reappointed is given below :

## Sri B SARAVANAN

Sri B Saravanan (DIN 00002927) aged 49 years was first appointed as Director of the company on 27.01.1999 and th subsequently as Joint Managing Director on 5  July, 2000. He has been appointed as Managing Director with effect from 02.06.2010 and proficiently managing the overall  affairs  of  the  Company.  Having  more  than 22  years  experience  in  sugar  industry,  he  is  heading financial  year  ending  March  31,  2023  and  fixed  his remuneration at ` 2,00,000/- (Rupees two lakhs only) plus reimbursement of actual out of pocket expenses.

In accordance with the provisions of Section 148 of the Companies Act 2013 read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules 2014 the remuneration payable to the cost auditor has to be ratified by the members of the company.

Accordingly, consent of the shareholders is  sought for  passing  an  ordinary  resolution  as  set  out  at  Item No.5 of the notice. The Board recommends the Ordinary  Resolution  set  out  in  Item  No.5  of  the  notice for the approval of the shareholders.

None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives is in any way concerned or interested in the proposed ordinary Resolution.

By order of the Board C PALANISWAMY Company Secretary the day to day business operations including technology implementations  and  modernization  of  manufacturing facilities.

He  is  also  the  Managing  Director  of  Shiva  Distilleries Private  Ltd  and  Director  of  Kerala  Alcoholic  Products Private Ltd, Goldmine Corporate Investment Private Limited and SVB Holdings Private Ltd.

He  is  a  member  of  the  Risk  Management  Committee of Bannari Amman Sugars Limited.

He  holds  175758  equity  shares  in  the  company  and he is related to Sri S V Balasubramaniam, Chairman of the company.

Note : The details of number of Board Meetings attended, remuneration paid etc., are available in the Annexures to Directors' Report.

## Report of the Board of Directors

## Dear members

th Your Directors have pleasure in presenting the 38  Annual Report of the company together with audited financial st statments for the year ended 31   March 2022.

<!-- image -->

( ` in lakhs)

| Financial Results  Financial Year  2021-22  2020-21  Profit before depreciation  18958.60  18025.72  Less : Depreciation  6785.67  6572.13  Profit Before Tax  12172.93  11453.59  Less:  Provisions:  Current Tax  2220.53  2088.32  Deferred Tax  1954.01  151.27  Profit After Tax  7998.39  9214.00  Add : Surplus brought forward from previous year  3499.06  3039.03  Amount available for appropriation  11497.45  12253.03  Appropriations  Dividend paid on equity shares  1253.97  1253.97  Transfer to General Reserve  7500.00  7500.00  Surplus carried over to Balance Sheet  2743.48  3499.06  TOTAL  11497.45  12253.03   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Transfer to General Reserve

The company has transferred a sum of ` 7500 lakhs out of current year profit to the General Reserve.

## Dividend

Your Directors recommend a dividend @ ` 10/- per share for the financial year ended March, 2022 taxable in the hands  of  the  shareholders.  Payment  is  subject  to  the approval  of  the  shareholders  at  the  ensuing  Annual General Meeting.

## Review of Operations Sugar

During the year under review, the aggregate cane crush was  49.01  lakhs  tonnes  with  a  recovery  of  9.33% compared to 38.31 lakhs tonnes with a    recovery    of 9.34% in the previous year.

## Power

The Co-generation plants generated 573.77 million units of power and exported 393.23 million units of power to grids compared to the generation of 470.57 million units and export of 318.48 million units in the previous year.

## Distillery

During the year, the distilleries produced 12.44 million B.Ltrs compared to the production of 11.91 million B.Ltrs in the previous year.

## Granite

In  the  Granite  Unit  184518  square  meters  of  Polished Granite products were produced compared to production of 130507 square meters in the previous year.

<!-- image -->

## BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED

## Wind Mill

Wind  Mills  generated  11.36  million  units  of  power and  exported  10.64    million  units  to  grid  compared to  the  generation  of  11.77  million  units  and  export  of 10.65 million units in the previous year.

## Prospects for the Current year 2022 - 2023

In the current financial year, it is estimated to crush 50 lakh tonnes of sugarcane  in  aggregate.  Performance  of co-generation plant will be based on bagasse availability in the sugar mills.   It is estimated to produce 62 million B.Litres of alcohol in the Distillery Units. The performance of Granite Division largely depends on the mining policy of the Central/ State Governments.

The  increase  in  installed  capacity  from  60  Kilo  Litre Per Day (KLPD) to 150 Kilo Litre Per Day (KLPD) at the distillery in the Suger Unit at Alaganchi Village, Nanjangud Taluk, Mysore District in Karnataka has been completed.  The  progress  in  modernization  of  distillery unit in  Tamil  Nadu is in final  stage.

## Directors and Key Managerial Personnel

In accordance with the provisions of Companies Act, 2013 read  with  the  Articles  of  Association  of  the  Company Sri B Saravanan,  Director is liable to retire by rotation and being eligible offers himself for re-appointment.

The Company  has  devised a policy on Director's appointment, remuneration and for performance evaluation of independent directors, Board, Committees and other individual directors which include performance evaluation of non-executive and executive directors.

The details of programmes for familiarization of independent  directors  with  the  company,  their  roles, rights,  responsibilities  in  the  company,  nature  of  the industry  in  which  the  company's  operations,  business models and related matters are placed on the website of the company  at the link http://www.bannari.com/ InvestorInformation.html.

All the Independent Directors have given declarations that they  meet  the  criteria  of  independence  as  provided  in

Section  149  (6)  of  the  Companies  Act,  2013  and applicable regulations under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

Sri S V Balasubramaniam, Chairman Sri B Saravanan, Managing Director, Sri C Palaniswamy,  Company Secretary, Sri M Ramprabhu, Chief Financial Officer are the  Key  Managerial  Personal  of  the  Company  as  per Section 203 of the Companies Act, 2013.

There  is  no  change  in  the  Key  Managerial  Personnel during the year.

## Particulars of Loans, Guarantees or Investments

During the year, the company has not made any loan or guarantee or investment or provided any security under Section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013.

## Conservation  of  Energy  Technology  Absorption Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo

The particulars relating to conservation of energy, Technology absorption, Foreign Exchange earnings and outgo as required to be disclosed under the Companies Act, 2013 are provided in Annexure I to this Report.

## Particulars of Employees

The  information  as  required  under  Section  197  of  the Companies  Act  2013  read  with Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial  Personnel) Rules, 2014  is furnished in Annexure II forming part of this Report.

In terms of proviso to Section 136 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013 the Report and Accounts are being sent to the members  excluding  the  information  on  employees  as required under Rule 5(2) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and the said information is available for inspection by the members at the Registered Office of the Company during business  hours  on  all  days  except  Sundays  and  public holidays  upto  the  date  of  Annual  General  Meeting. If any member is interested in obtaining a copy thereof, such  member  may  write  to  the  Company  Secretary in this  regard.

## BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED

The Company has complied with applicable provisions of Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act 2013. During the year no complaint / case was filed pursuant to the said Act.

## Meetings of the Board

Five Meetings of the Board of Directors were held during the  year.  The  details  are  furnished  in  the  Report  on Corporate Governance attached herewith.

## Committees and Policies

The  company  has  constituted  Board  Committees  and framed policies as required under the provisions of the Companies Act 2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. The details are furnished  in  the  Corporate  Governance  Report attached herewith.

## Corporate  Governance  and  Management Discussion and Analysis Report

A separate section on Corporate Governance, Management Discussion and Analysis Report, a certificate from the Auditors of the company regarding compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance and a certificate on non-disqualification of Directors as required under the provisions  of  Securities  and  Exchange  Board  of  India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 are annexed as Annexure - III.

## Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

Pursuant to Section 135 of the Companies Act 2013 read with  the  Companies  (Corporate  Social  Responsibility Policy) Rules 2014 the company has formulated a policy on Corporate Social Responsibility. The Annual Report on CSR activities for the financial year ended 31st   March, 2022 is attached as Annexure IV to this report.

## Risk Management / Risk Management policy

The company has constituted Risk Management Committee  as  required  under  Regulation  21  of  SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,  2015  and  has  formulated  a  detailed  Risk Management  Policy.    In  the  opinion  of  the  Board  no element  of  risk  that  may  threaten  the  existence  of  the

<!-- image -->

company has been identified. More details are furnished in the Report on Corporate Governance attached herewith.

The Risk Management Policy is posted in the company's website at the link https://www.bannari.com/ InvestorInformation.html

## Vigil Mechanism/Whistle Blower Policy

The company  has established vigil mechanism for Directors  and  Employees  to  report  concerns  about  the unethical behavior, actual or suspected incidents of fraud or violation of the code of conduct or ethics. The Whistle Blower Policy is posted in the company's website at the link https://www.bannari.com/InvestorInformation.html

## Dividend Distribution Policy

The  company  has  formulated  and  adopted  Dividend Distribution  Policy  which  is  posted  in  the  company's website at the link https://www.bannari.com/ InvestorInformation.html

## Related Party Transactions

All related party transactions are entered on arm's length basis and are in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and other relevant Regulations  as  referred  under  SEBI  (Listing  Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. None of the transactions is materially significant which may have potential conflict with the interest of the company at large and therefore disclosure in Form AOC-2 is not required. All the related party transactions are placed before the Audit Committee and approved by the Audit Committee. Prior  omnibus  approval  of  the  Audit  Committee  was obtained on annual basis for the transactions which are at a  foreseen  and  repetitive  nature.  The  Related  Party Transactions Policy as approved by the Board is uploaded on the company's website at https://www.bannari.com/ Investor Information.html.

The  details  of  transactions  with  Related  Parties  are provided in the accompanying financial statements.

## Board Evaluation

Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 17 (10) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations

<!-- image -->

## BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, Independent Directors at their meeting held on 7.2.2022 without participation of   non-independent directors and management considered and evaluated the performance of the Chairman, Managing Director and the Board.

- f) they had devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and that such systems were adequate and operating effectively.

## Business Responsibility Report

Pursuant to Regulation 34 SEBI (LODR) Regulations 2015 as amended the Business Responsibility Report has been prepared as prescribed and annexed to this Report as Annexure V and the same shall form part of this report.

## Annual Return

Copy  of  the  previous  year   Annual   Return   in the prescribed form is available at the weblink https://www.bannari.com/InvestorInformation.html. A copy of Annual Return for the financial year 2021-2022 will be placed on the website of the company after the th conclusion of 38  AGM.

## Auditors / Auditors' Report

M/s  P  K  Nagarajan  &amp;  Co.,  Chartered  Accountants Coimbatore were appointed as the Statutory Auditors of the company at the 33rd Annual General Meeting of the Company for a period of five consecutive years and they shall hold office till the conclusion of 38th Annual General Meeting.  The term of office of M/s P K Nagarajan &amp; Co., as  Statutory  Auditors  expires  at  the  conclusion  of  38th Annual General Meeting of the Company scheduled to be held on 9th September, 2022. M/s. P K Nagarajan &amp; Co., have expressed their intention not to seek re-appointment as Statutory Auditors of the Company on conclusion of their  present  term.  The  Audit  Committee  and  Board  of Directors at their respective meetings held on 30.5.2022 took note of the above and accepted their request. The Board of Directors place on record the services rendered by M/s. P K Nagarajan &amp; Co., Charted Accountants.

The Audit Committee of the Company after due deliberation  and  discussion  and  considering  various factors such as industry experience, technical skills, audit team, quality of reports etc., recommended the appointment  of  M/s  P  N  Raghavendra  Rao  &amp;  Co., Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No. 003328S), Coimbatore  as  Statutory  Auditors  for  a    term  of  five

The Board has carried out an annual evaluation of its own performance, the performance of the committees, board, independent  Directors and  individual Directors. The criteria applied in the evaluation process are detailed in the Corporate Governance Report which forms part of this report.

## Material changes and commitments

There are no material changes and commitments affecting the  financial  position  of  your  Company  which  have occurred between the end of the financial year 2021-22 and the date of this report.

## Directors' Responsibility Statement

As  stipulated  in  Section  134(3)( c)   and  134  (5)  of  the Companies Act 2013 your Directors confirm that

- a) in  the  preparation  of  the  annual  accounts,  all  the applicable accounting standards had been followed along with proper explanation relating to material departures;
- b) they  had  selected  such  accounting  policies  and applied them consistently and made judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the company at the end of the financial year and of the profit of  the  company for that period;
- c) they  had  taken  proper  and  sufficient  care  for  the maintenance  of  adequate  accounting  records  in accordance  with  the  provisions  of  this  Act  for safeguarding  the  assets  of  the  company  and  for preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities;
- d) they had prepared the annual accounts on a going concern basis;
- e) they had laid down internal financial controls to be followed  by  the  company  and  that  such  internal financial controls are adequate and were operating effectively; and

<!-- image -->

consecutive  years  to  hold  office  from  the  conclusion  of th 38  Annual General Meeting till the conclusion of 43rd Annual General Meeting.

Sri  M  Nagarajan,  Cost  Accountant,  Coimbatore  was appointed  as  Cost  Auditor  to  conduct  audit  of  cost accounting records for the financial year 2021-22.

M/s. P N Raghavendra Rao &amp; Co, Chartered Accountants have  consented  for  the  said  appointment  and  has submitted necessary certificates in compliance of Section 139 of the Companies Act 2013 read with the Companies (Audit  and  Auditors)  Rules  2014.  The  Auditors  have confirmed their independence and eligibility under Section 141 of the Companies Act, 2013.

The  Report  given  by  the  present  Statutory  Auditors M/s P K Nagarajan &amp; Co.,  on the financial statements of the  company  for  the  financial  year  2021-22  do  not contain any qualification, reservation, adverse remark or disclaimer.   During the year under review, the Auditors did not report any matter under Section 143(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 and therefore no detail is required to be disclosed under Section 134(3)(ca) of the Act.

## Secretarial Auditors and Secretarial Audit Report

The Board has appointed M/s C Thirumurthy &amp; Associates, Company Secretaries, Coimbatore as Secretarial Auditors to conduct Secretarial audit for the financial  year  2021-2022.  The  Report  of  Secretarial Auditors is annexed to this report as Annexure VI.

The Report do not contain any qualification, reservation or adverse remark.

The Company has complied with the applicable Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India.

## Internal Control Systems and their Adequacy

Details of internal control system and their adequacy are provided in the Management Discussion Analysis Report attached herewith.

## Cost Audit

The Company has maintained cost records as specified by the Central  Government  under  Section  148  of  the Companies Act, 2013.

Coimbatore 30.5.2022

## Industrial Relations

The  relationship  with  employees  continued  to  remain cordial throughout the year under review.

## General

- i) Your Directors state that no disclosure or reporting is required  in  respect  o  the  following  items  as  there were no transaction on these items during the year under review:
- a) Details relating to deposits  covered  under Chapter V of the Act.
- b) Issue of equity shares with differential rights as to dividend, voting or otherwise
- c) Issue of shares (including sweat equity shares) to employees of the company under any scheme
5. ii) No significant or material orders were passed by the Regulators or Courts or Tribunals which impact the going concern status and Company's operations in future.
6. iii) No resolution plan/process was initiated or pending under insolvency  and  bankruptcy  Code  2016, against the Company.
7. iv) The disclosure relating to valuation at the time of one time settlement with banks or financial institutions is not applicable as the company has not made any such one-time settlement.
- v) The Company has no Subsidiary / Joint venture / Associate company.

## Acknowledgement

Your Directors wish to place on record their appreciation for  the  continued  support  and  co-operation  by  the Government  Authorities,  banks  and  other  stakeholders Your Directors thank the cane growers who have supplied sugarcane to the factories and wish to place on record their  appreciation  of  the  contributions  made  by  all  the employees.

By order of the Board S V BALASUBRAMANIAM Chairman DIN : 00002405

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED

## ANNEXURE - I

PARTICULARS OF CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION, FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO REQUIRED UNDER THE COMPANIES (ACCOUNTS) RULES, 2014

## A) Conservation of energy :

- I) Steps  taken  or  impact  on  conservation  of energy
2. v As a part of continuous process / effort the company is replacing light fittings in many places with LED fitting to improve the illumination and energy saving.
3. v New Variable Frequency Drive (VFD) panels were installed in the sugar and co-generation plant in sugar unit at Kolundampattu Village (Unit-IV)
4. v A-vaccum crystallizer was set to auto mode and thereby reduced water consumption.

## ii) Steps  taken  to  utilize  alternate  sources  of energy;

- The  company's  co-generation  plants  are generating green power which is utilized for consumption  in  all  sugar  units  and  to  that extent reduced the electricity drawal from the state grids. v

As a responsible organization, your company is has constantly utilizing bio-gas generated  in  the  Anaerobic  digester  for cooking purpose in canteens and dormitory.

Coimbatore 30.5.2022

- iii) The capital investment on energy conservation equipments : Nil

## B) Technology absorption:

- i) The  efforts  made  towards  technology absorption : Nil
2. ii) The benefits derived like product improvement,  cost  reduction,  product development  or  import  substitution  : Nil
3. iii) in case of imported technology (imported  during  the  last  three  years reckoned  from  the  beginning  of  the financial year):

The company has not imported any technology during the last three years

- iv) The expenditure incurred on Research and Development : ` 107.61 lakhs.

## C) Foreign exchange earnings and outgo :

- v ` The  Foreign  Exchange  earned  in  terms  of actual inflows during the year : 2127.94 lakhs
- v The  Foreign  Exchange  outgo  during  the year in terms of actual outflows : ` 815.32 lakhs

By order of the Board S V BALASUBRAMANIAM

Chairman DIN : 00002405

## ANNEXURE - II

THE INFORMATION REQUIRED PURSUANT TO SECTION 197 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013, READ WITH RULE 5 OF THE COMPANIES (APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION OF MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL) RULES, 2014

- A) Information  as  per  Section  197(12)  read  with  Rule  5(1)  of  The  Companies  (Appointment  &amp; Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014:
1.   The ratio of the remuneration of each director to the median remuneration of the employees of the company for the financial year :

| Name of the Director  Designation  Ratio to  median  remuneration  Sri S V Balasubramaniam  134.03  Sri B Saravanan  Managing Director  93.13  Chairman - Executive   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The median remuneration of employees of the company during the financial year 2021-22 was 3.93 Lakhs. `

The Non-Executive Directors were paid only sitting fee for attending the meetings of the Board and Committees thereof.

2. The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, Company Secretary or Manager if any in the financial year.
3. Percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in the financial year :  9 %.
4. Number of permanent employees on the rolls of company :  1898 .
5. Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the last financial year and its comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and justification thereof and point out if there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial remuneration :

| Name  Designation  % increase in  remuneration  Sri S V Balasubramaniam  Chairman - Executive  9.64  Sri B Saravanan  Managing Director  9.13  Sri C Palaniswamy  Company Secretary  -  Sri M Ramprabhu  Chief Financial Officer  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The average percentile increase in salaries of employees other than managerial personnel was 7%. Since the managerial persons are being paid commission linked to company's profitability in terms of the resolutions passed by the shareholders of the company under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, it cannot be compared with the percentile increase in salaries of other employees.

- 6.
- Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the remuneration policy of the company.

The company affirms that remuneration is as per the Remuneration Policy of the company.

By order of the Board S V BALASUBRAMANIAM Chairman DIN : 00002405

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED

## ANNEXURE - III CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

## COMPANY'S  PHILOSOPHY  ON  CODE  OF GOVERNANCE

The Company is committed to achieve high standards of corporate governance

The  Company's  philosophy  on  corporate  governance envisages the attainment of high levels of transparency, accountability and equity in all facets of its operations and in  all  the  interactions  with  its  stakeholders  including shareholders employees cane growers lenders and Governments. Your company is in compliance with the Corporate Governance requirements under Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ('SEBI Listing Regulations')

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

- I) As  on  March  31,  2022,  the  Board  comprised  of seven Directors. Of the seven Directors five (71.43%) are Non-Executive Independent Directors including a woman Director. The composition of the Board is in conformity  with  Regulation  17  of  the  SEBI  Listing Regulations and Section 149 of the Companies Act, 2013  ("Act")  read  with  the  relevant  rules  made thereunder.
2. ii) The number of Directorships, Committee membership/chairmanship  of the Directors are within  the  respective  limits  prescribed  under  SEBI Listing Regulations. Necessary disclosures have been given by all the Directors.
3. iii) The Company has received declarations from all its Independent Directors confirming that they meet the criteria of independence prescribed both under the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI Listing Regulations. The Board at its meeting held on May 30, 2022 has taken on record these declarations received from the Independent Directors. In the opinion of the Board, the Independent Directors fulfil the conditions specified in SEBI Listing Regulations and are independent of management.
4. iv) The Independent Directors have included their names in the databank of Independent Directors maintained with the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs in terms of Section 150 of the Act read with Rule (6) of the Companies (Appointment &amp; Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014.
- v) The company has issued a formal letter of appointment  to  all  Independent  Directors  and  the terms and conditions of their appointment have been uploaded in the website of the company at the link h t t p : / / w w w . b a n n a r i . c o m / I n v e s t o r Information.html.

The names and categories of the Directors on the Board, attendance of Directors at the Board Meetings, last Annual General Meeting (AGM) and Number of other Directorship and Chairmanships/Memberships of Committees of each Director in  various  companies  are furnished below :

<!-- image -->

| Category and Name  of the Directors  Number of  Directorships  held in other  Public  Companies  Number of Board  Committee  Memberships  held in other  public  companies  Number  of  Board  Meetings  held  Number of  Board  Meetings  Attended  Last  AGM  Attended  Chairman  Member  Sri S V Balasubramaniam  --  --  5  5  Yes  (DIN : 00002405)  Sri B Saravanan  --  --  5  5  Yes  (DIN : 00002927)  Executive  Non-Executive Independent  Sri S V Balasubramaniam and Sri B Saravanan are related to each other as Father and Son.  Sri A K Perumalsamy  --  --  5  5  Yes  (DIN : 00313769)  Sri E P Muthukumar  --  --  5  5  Yes  (DIN : 00003740)  Sri T Gundan  --  --  5  5  Yes  (DIN : 00624804)  Sri M P Vijayakumar  1  --  5  5  Yes  (DIN : 05103089)  Dr Radha Ramani  --  --  5  5  Yes  (DIN : 07083381)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Five  Board Meetings were held during the year and the details are:

| Date of Board Meeting  Board Strength  No of Directors present  24.05.2021  7  7  11.08.2021  7  7  09.09.2021  7  7  10.11.2021  7  7  07.02.2022  7  7   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

The Board was given all material information, in advance and  in  defined  agenda  format,  viz  budgets,  review  of budgets, cane crush estimates, actual cane crushed, actual recovery, sugar stock details, details of power generation and power exported to grid production, sales and stock details of granite and distillery products etc for facilitating meaningful and focused discussions at the meetings.

## PERFORMANCE EVALUATION OF DIRECTORS

The  evaluation  of  the  performance  of  the  Board,  its committees  and  independent  Directors  are  evaluated through  a  questionnaire  circulated  to  all  directors  and based  upon  the  response  to  the  questionnaire,  the directors do a self evaluation   of   their   performance. Accordingly  Board reviewed the performance of each of the directors and expressed their satisfaction.

The  performance  evaluation  of  the  Chairman  and  the Managing  Director  was  carried  out  separately  by  the Independent Directors at their meeting held on 07.02.2022. The Independent Directors expressed their satisfaction on the performance of the Chairman and the Managing Director.

## CHART SETTING OUT THE SKILLS / EXPERTISE / COMPETENCE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The company is engaged in the business of manufacture of sugar, generation of power  through  co-generation, production  of  industrial  alcohol  and  granite  products. Sector in which it operates is regulated by the Essential Commodities  Act,  1955,  Sugarcane  (Control)  Order, 1966  etc.,  Lot  of  experience  and  competencies  are required in the context of   its business which is basically agro based sector.

List of core skills / expertise / competencies identified by the Board of Directors for the effective functioning of the company in the context of its businesses and sector it belongs :

- v Leadership/Strategy
- v Experience in sugarcane farming
- v Financial
- v Experience in overall management administration
- v Regulatory
- v Social and environmental consciousness.

| Leadership / Strategy  3  Experience in sugarcane farming  3  3  3  3  3  Financial  3  3  3  3  3  3  Experience in overall  management administration  3  3  3  3  3  Regulatory  3  3  3  Social and Environmental  Consciousness  3  3  3  3  3  3  3  3  3  3  3  Skill  Sri SV  Balasubramaniam  Sri B Saravanan  Sri M P Vijayakumar  Sri T Gundan  Sri A K Perumalsamy  Sri E P  Muthukumar  Dr Radha Ramani   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED

## MEETING OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS

## WHISTLE BLOWER POLICY/VIGIL MECHANISM

Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and  Regulation  25  (3)  of  the  Securities  and  Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015, the Independent Directors  met  on  07.02.2022  and  all  the  Independent Directors were present for the meeting. The Independent Directors  inter  alia  reviewed  the  performance  of  the Board,  Chairman  of  the  Company  and  the  Managing Director and also assessed the quality and timeliness of flow  of  information  between  the  management  and  the Board.

## FAMILIARISATION PROGRAMME FOR DIRECTORS

At the time of appointing a Director, a formal letter of appointment is given to him/her which inter alia explains the role, function, duties and responsibilities as a Director of the Company. The Director is also explained in detail the compliance  required  under  the  Companies  Act,  2013, under Regulation 25 (7) of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations  2015  and  other  relevant  regulations  and affirmation taken with respect to the same. The Chairman also  has  one  to  one  discussion  with  the  Directors  to familiarize them with the company's operations. Further the company has put in place a system to familiarize the Independent Directors about the company, its products, business  modules  etc.  The  details  of  the  familiarization program is posted on the website of the company at the link  https://www. bannari.com/InvestorInformation.html

## CODE OF CONDUCT

The  company  has  adopted  the  code  of  conduct  for  all Board  Members  and  Senior  Management  as  required under Regulation 26 (3) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015. The code is posted on the company's website at the link https://www. bannari.com/InvestorInformation.html. All Board Members  and  Senior Management  personnel have affirmed compliance with the code on an annual basis and a  declaration  to  this  effect  signed  by  the  Chairman  is attached to this report.

The company has established a whistle blower policy/vigil mechanism for Directors and Employees to report concerns about unethical behavior, actual or suspected incidents of fraud or violation of the code of conduct or ethics.  This  mechanism  provides  adequate  safeguards against victimization of directors/employees who avail of the mechanism and also provide for direct access to the Chairman of Audit Committee. The Company affirms that no person has been denied access to the audit committee. The  whistle  blower  policy  is  posted  on  the  company's website at t h e l i n k   http://www.bannari. com/InvestorInformation.html.

## RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

All transactions entered into with Related Parties for the year under review were on arm's length basis and in the ordinary  course  of  business  and  that  the  provisions  of Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 are not attracted. Further, there are no material related party transactions during the year under review. All Related Party Transactions are placed before the Audit Committee as also to the Board of Directors. Omnibus approvals are obtained  for  the  transactions  which  are  of  repetitive nature.  Transactions  entered  into  pursuant  to  omnibus approval are reviewed by Audit Committee on quarterly basis.

The policy on related party transactions as approved by the Board of Directors has been uploaded on the website of  the  company  at  the  link  http://www.bannari.com/ InvestorInformation.html. None of the Independent Director has any pecuniary relationship or transactions vis-a-vis the company.

## INSIDER TRADING

The  company  has  formulated  code  of  practices  and procedures  for fair disclosure of  Unpublished  Price Sensitive information and code of conduct to regulate and report  trading  by  the  designated  persons  and  their immediate relatives under Regulation 8 of SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 which can be accessed on the website of the company at the link https://www. bannari.com/InvestorInformation.html.

<!-- image -->

## BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED

## COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee consists of Sri M P Vijayakumar, Sri T Gundan and Sri E P Muthukumar.   Sri M P Vijayakumar is the  Chairman  of  the  Audit  Committee. During  the financial year ended March 31, 2022, the Committee met 5 times at 1212, Trichy Road Coimbatore 641 018 on 24.05.2021,  11.08.2021,  09.09.2021,  10.11.2021 and 07.02.2022. Particulars of meetings attended by the members of the Audit Committee are given below :

| Name of the Member  Category  No of Meeting  Held  Attended  Sri M P Vijayakumar  Non-Executive - Independent  5  5  Sri T Gundan  Non-Executive - Independent  5  5  Sri E P Muthukumar  Non-Executive - Independent  5  5   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The term of references to the Audit Committee inter alia include the followings:

- a) Oversight of the company's financial reporting process and the disclosure of its financial information to  ensure  that  the  financial  statement  is  correct, sufficient and credible;
- b) Recommendation for appointment, remuneration and terms of appointment of auditors of the company;
- c) Approval  of  payment  to  statutory  auditors  for  any other services rendered by the statutory auditors;
- d) Reviewing, with the management, the annual financial statements and auditor's report thereon before submission to the board for approval, with particular reference to:
- i) Matters required to be included in the Director's Responsibility  Statement  to  be  included  in  the Board's  report  in  terms  of  clause  (c)  of  subsection 3 of section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013.
6. ii) Changes,  if  any,  in  accounting  policies  and practices and reasons for the same.
7. iii) Major  accounting  entries  involving  estimates based on the exercise of judgment by management
8. iv) Significant  adjustments  made  in  the  financial statements arising out of audit findings
- v) Compliance with listing and other legal requirements relating to financial statements
10. vi) Disclosure of any related party transactions
11. vii) Qualifications in the draft audit report
- e) Reviewing, with the management,  the  quarterly financial statements before submission to the board for approval;
- f) Reviewing,  with  the  management,  the  statement of uses / application of funds raised through an issue  (public  issue,  rights  issue,  preferential  issue, etc.), the statement of funds utilized for purposes other than those stated in the offer document/ prospectus/notice  and  the  report  submitted  by  the monitoring agency monitoring the utilisation of proceeds  of  a  public  or  rights  issue,  and  making appropriate recommendations to the Board to take up steps in this  matter;
- g) Review and monitor the auditor's independence and performance, and effectiveness of audit process;
- h) Approval or any subsequent modification of transactions of the company with related parties;
- I) Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments;
- j) Valuation of undertakings or assets of the company, wherever it is necessary;
- k) Evaluation  of  internal  financial  controls  and  risk management systems;
- l) Reviewing,  with  the  management,  performance  of statutory  and  internal  auditors,  adequacy  of  the internal control systems;
- m) Reviewing the adequacy of internal audit function, if any,  including  the  structure  of  the  internal  audit

<!-- image -->

- department,  staffing  and  seniority  of  the  official heading the department, reporting structure coverage and frequency of internal audit;
- 3) management  letters / letters of internal control weaknesses issued by the statutory auditors
- n) Discussion  with  internal  auditors  of  any  significant findings and follow up there on;
- o) Reviewing the findings of any internal investigations by the internal auditors into matters where there is suspected fraud or irregularity or a failure of internal control systems of a material nature and reporting the matter to the board;
- p) Discussion  with  statutory  auditors  before  the  audit commences, about the nature and scope of audit as well as post-audit discussion to ascertain any area of concern;
- q) To look into the reasons for substantial defaults in the payment to the depositors, debenture holders, shareholders  (in  case  of  non-payment  of  declared dividends) and creditors;
- r) To  review  the  functioning  of  the  Whistle  Blower mechanism;
- s) Approval of appointment of CFO after assessing the qualifications,  experience  and  background,  etc.,  of the candidate;
- t) Carrying out any other function as is mentioned in the terms of reference of the Audit Committee.

The audit committee shall mandatorily review the following information:

- 1) management  discussion  and  analysis  of  financial condition and results of operations
- 2) statement of significant related party transactions (as defined by the audit committee), submitted by management;
- 4) internal  audit  reports  relating  to  internal  control weaknesses; and
- 5) the appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the chief internal auditor shall be subject to review by the audit committee
- 6) statement of deviations:
- a) quarterly statement   of   deviation(s)   including report of monitoring agency, if applicable submitted  to stock exchange(s)  in  terms  of Regulation 32(1)
- b) annual statement of funds utilized for purposes other than those stated in the offer document/prospectus/notice in terms of Regulation 32(7)
8. Sri  S  V  Balasubramaniam,  Chairman  of  the  Company, Sri B Saravanan, Managing Director, Sri M Ramprabhu Chief Financial Officer have attended the meetings of the Audit Committee, as invitees.

The Statutory Auditors, Internal Auditors, Cost Auditors are invited  and  attended  the  Audit  Committee  meetings  for discussions on the financial results, adherence of accounting standards and on their respective audit reports.

Sri C Palaniswamy Company Secretary is the Secretary to the Committee.

## NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

The  Committee  consists  of  Sri  M  P  Vijayakumar,  Sri  T Gundan and Sri E P Muthukumar. Sri M P Vijayakumar is the  Chairman  of  the  Nomination  and  Remuneration Committee.  During  the  financial  year  ended  March  31, 2022,  the  Committee  met  1  time  at  1212  Trichy  Road Coimbatore 641018 on 24.05.2021. Particulars of meeting attended by the members of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee are given below :

| Name of the Member  Category  No of Meeting  Held  Attended  Sri M P Vijayakumar  Non-Executive - Independent  1  1  Sri T Gundan  Non-Executive - Independent  1  1  Sri E P Muthukumar  Non-Executive - Independent  1  1   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED

The terms of reference to the Nomination and Remuneration Committee inter alia include the following :

- Formulation of the criteria for determining qualifications,  positive  attributes  and  Independence of a director and recommend to the Board a policy, relating to the remuneration of the directors,  key  managerial  personnel  and  other employees; a)
- b) For every appointment of an Independent Director, the  Nomination  and  Remuneration  Committee shall evaluate the balance of skills, knowledge and experience on the Board and on the basis of such evaluation, prepare a description of the role and capabilities required of an Independent Director. The person recommended  to  the Board for appointment  as  an  Independent  Director  shall have the capabilities identified in such description. For the purpose of identifying suitable candidates, the Committee may :
- i) use  the  services  of  an  external  agencies,  if required;
- ii) consider candidates from a   wide range of backgrounds, having due regard to diversity; and
- iii) consider the time commitments of the candidates.
- c) Formulation of criteria for evaluation of performance of    Independent  Directors  and  the Board;
- d Devising a policy on Board diversity; )
- e Identifying persons who are qualified to become directors  and  who  may  be  appointed  in  senior management in accordance with the criteria laid down and recommend to the Board their appointment  and  removal.  The  company  shall disclose the remuneration policy and the evaluation criteria in its Annual Report. )
- f Whether  to  extend  or  continue  the  terms  of appointment  of  the  Independent  Directors,  on )

basis of the report of performance evaluation of Independent Directors.

- g Recommend to the board all remuneration in what ever form payable to senior management. )

## REMUNERATION POLICY

The remuneration policy is directed towards rewarding performance, based on the review of achievements. It is aimed at attracting and retaining talents. The remuneration structure shall be determined after taking into consideration of age, qualification, experience in the respective field, past performance of the concerned individual, regulatory frame work, competition in the industry, financial position of the  company.  The nomination and remuneration policy of the company is posted  on  the  website  of  the  company  at  the  link http://www.bannari.com/InvestorInformation.html.

The appointment and remuneration of Executive Directors  viz.  Chairman  and  Managing  Director  is governed by the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration  Committee,  resolutions  passed  by  the Board of Directors and shareholders of the company. The remuneration consists of salary, perquisites, allowances and commission which are subject to the limitations specified under the Companies Act, 2013 and Schedule V to the said Act.

The  Non-Executive  Directors  are  paid  sitting  fees  of 5000/- for each meeting of the Board or Committee thereof. The company shall also reimburse the out of pocket expenses incurred by the Directors for attending the meetings. `

The  company  does  not  have  any  Employees  Stock Option Scheme.

## REMUNERATION TO DIRECTORS

The remuneration paid to the Chairman and the Managing Director are    disclosed    in    Note    No.  43 of  the  notes  forming  part  of  the  Financial  Statements (Page No. 109).

## BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED

The  Non-Executive  Directors  are  paid  sitting  fees  of 5000/- for each meeting of the Board or Committee thereof.  The  company  shall  also  reimburse  the  out  of pocket expenses incurred by the Directors for attending the meetings. `

## STAKEHOLDERS' RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE

The Stakeholders' Committee was formed to specifically look into the shareholders'/investors' complaints if any on transfer of shares non receipt of Balance Sheet

<!-- image -->

non receipt of declared dividend etc and this stakeholders'  committee  consists  of    Sri    T    Gundan, Sri  S  V  Balasubramaniam,  Sri  M  P  Vijayakumar  and Sri A K Perumalsamy. Sri T Gundan is the Chairman of the  Stakeholders'  Committee.  During  the  financial  year ended March 31, 2022, the Committee met 4 times at 1212     Trichy     Road,     Coimbatore     641018     on 24.05.2021, 11.08.2021,  10.11.2021  and 07.02.2022.  Particulars  of  meetings  attended  by  the members of the Stakeholders' Committee are given  below :

| Name of the Member  Category  No of Meeting  Held  Attended  Sri T Gundan  Non-Executive - Independent  4  4  Sri S V Balasubramaniam  Executive  4  4  Sri M P Vijayakumar  Non-Executive - Independent  4  4  Sri  Non-Executive - Independent  4  4  A K Perumalsamy   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  role  of  the  Committee  shall  inter  alia  include  the following:

- 1) Resolving  the  grievances  of  the  security  holders including complaints related to transfer / transmission of shares, non-receipt of annual report, non-receipt  of  declared  dividends,  issue  of  new  / duplicate certificates, general meetings etc.
- 2) Review of measures taken for effective exercise of voting rights by shareholders.
- 3) Review of adherence  to the service standards adopted in respect of various services being rendered by the Registrar &amp; Share Transfer Agent.
- 4) Review of the various measures and initiatives taken for  reducing  the  quantum  of  unclaimed  dividends and ensuring timely receipt of dividend warrants/annual  reports/statutory  notices  by  the shareholders of the Company.

Sri C Palaniswamy, Company Secretary is the compliance officer.

During  the  financial  year  2021-22,  the  company  has not received any complaint from the shareholders relating  to  transfer  of  shares,  non-receipt  of  Annual Report, declared dividend etc. No pending complaint as on  March 31, 2022.

The 'Stakeholders' Committee' was renamed as 'Stakeholders'  Relationship  Committee'  at  the  Board meeting held on May 30, 2022.

## CORPORATE  SOCIAL  RESPONSIBILITY  COMMITTEE

The  Corporate  Social  Responsibility  Committee  consists of  Sri  M  P  Vijayakumar,  Sri  S  V  Balasubramaniam, Sri T Gundan and Dr Radha Ramani. Sri M P Vijayakumar is  the  Chairman  of  the  Corporate  Social  Responsibility Committee. During the financial year  ended March  31, 2022,  the  Committee  met  2  times  at 1212 Trichy Road Coimbatore  641018  on  24.5.2021  and  10.11.2021. Particulars  of  meeting  attended  by  the  members  of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee are given below :

<!-- image -->

| Name of the Member  Category  No of Meeting  Held  Attended  Sri M P Vijayakumar  Non-Executive - Independent  2  2  Sri S V Balasubramaniam  Executive  2  2  Sri T Gundan  Non-Executive - Independent  2  2  Dr Radha Ramani  Non-Executive - Independent  2  2   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The CSR Committee shall formulate and recommend to the Board CSR Policy and annual action plan in pursuance of CSR Policy which shall include the following:

- a) The  list  of  CSR  projects  or  programmes  that  are approved to be undertaken in the areas or subjects specified in Schedule VII of the Act;
- b) The manner  of execution of such projects or programmes;
- c) The modalities of utilization of funds and implementation schedules for the projects or programmes;
- d) Monitoring and reporting mechanism for the projects or programmes; and
5. (e) Details of need and impact assessment, if any, for the projects undertaken by the company.

## RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE

The  Company  has  constituted  the  Risk  Management Committee which consists of   Sri   M   P   Vijayakumar, Sri  S  V  Balasubramaniam,    Sri    B    Saravanan    and Sri T Gundan. Sri M P Vijayakumar is the Chairman of the Risk Management Committee. During the financial year ended March 31, 2022, the Committee met 2 times at 1212 Trichy Road Coimbatore 641018 on 10.11.2021 and  07.02.2022  and  all  the  members  were  present for the meeting.

The  Roles  and  Responsibilities  of  Risk  Management Committee are:

- 1) To  Formulate  a  detailed  risk  management  policy which shall include:
- a) A framework for identification of internal and external  risks  specifically  faced  by  the  listed

entity, in particular including financial, operational, sectoral, sustainability (particularly,  ESG  related  risks),  information, cyber security risks or any other risk as may be determined by the Committee.

- b) Measures for risk mitigation including systems and processes for internal control of identified  risks.
- c) Business continuity plan.
- 2) To ensure that appropriate methodology, processes and systems are in place to monitor and evaluate risks associated with the business of the Company;
- 3) To monitor and oversee implementation of the risk management policy, including evaluating the adequacy of risk management systems;
- 4) To periodically review the risk management policy, at least once in two years, including by considering the changing industry dynamics and evolving complexity;
- 5) To keep the board of directors informed about the nature  and  content  of  its  discussions,  recommendations and actions to be taken;
- 6) The appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the Chief Risk Officer (if any) shall be reviewed by the Risk Management Committee.

The Risk Management Committee shall co-ordinate its  activities with other committees, in instances where there is any overlap with activities of such committees, as per the framework laid down by the board of directors.

The  Risk  Management  policy  of  the  company  is posted  on  the  website  of  the  company  at  the  link http://www.bannari.com/InvestorInformation.html.

## GENERAL BODY MEETING

Location and time where last three Annual General Meetings were held :

| AGM  Date  Venue  Time  Special Resolution Passed  Special  Resolutions  were  passed  for  re-appointment  of  Chairman,  Managing  Director  and  one  independent  Director  for a further period of 5 years.  Special  Resolutions  were  passed  for  re-  appointing  four  independent  directors  for a second term of 5 consecutive years.  No special resolution was passed  th  35  th  36  th  37  12.09.2019  02.09.2020  09.09.2021  4.30 PM  3.30 PM  3.30 PM  - do -  Jenneys Residency  2/2 Avinashi Road  Civil Aerodrome Post  Coimbatore 641 014  Through Video  Conferencing / Other  Audio Visual Means  (VC/OAVM)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No special resolution was passed through postal ballet during the last year.

## SHAREHOLDERS' INFORMATION

## Annual General Meeting

| The Company's Equity Shares are listed on  the following Stock Exchanges  BSE Limited  500041  INE459A01010  Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001  National Stock Exchange of India Limited  BANARISUG  INE459A01010  "Exchange Plaza'  Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)  Mumbai - 400 051  The Company has paid annual listing fees for the  year 2022 - 2023 to the above stock exchanges  Stock Code  ISIN  Financial Calendar  Announcement of Quarterly Results for  Within the time specified in SEBI (LODR)  the financial year 2022-2023  Regulations 2015  Day and Date  Time  4.45 P M  Venue  Through Video Conferencing(VC) / Other Audio Visual  Means (OAVM)  Financial Year  April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2022  Date of Book Closure for the purpose of  03.09.2022 to 09.09.2022 (both days inclusive)  Dividend and AGM  Dividend  10/- per equity share (proposed)  Dividend payment date  On or before 24.09.2022  th  Friday the 9  day of September 2022  `   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Share Price Movement

The high and low quotations of the company's shares on the National Stock Exchange and Bombay Stock Exchange together with Sensex from April 2021 to March 2022 were given below:

| Month  NSE  BSE  High (In  )  `  High (In  )  `  Low (In  )  `  Low (In  )  `  April  2021  1885.80  1540.00  1875.00  1567.00  May  2021  2175.00  1670.00  2160.00  1643.60  June  2021  2024.00  1693.00  2024.90  1693.60  July  2021  1886.45  1729.60  1889.75  1736.05  August  2021  2049.00  1701.00  2050.00  1709.95  September  2021  2285.00  1740.00  2279.90  1712.00  October  2021  2450.00  2111.30  2450.00  2115.00  November  2021  2448.60  2024.05  2441.00  2024.00  December  2021  2848.40  2085.85  2850.00  2060.05  January  2022  3048.70  2666.05  3049.05  2632.00  February  2022  2970.00  2225.00  2952.60  2221.10  March  2022  2749.00  2151.55  2744.95  2140.00   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Based on the closing quotation of 2674.25 as at 31.03.2022 at the Bombay Stock Exchange the market capitalization of the company was 3353.43 Crores. ` `

## Outstanding GDRs/ADRs/Warrants or any convertible instruments

The company does not have any GDRs/ADRs/Warrants or any convertible instruments.

## Dematerialisation of Shares

The shares of the company are in compulsory demat segment.  Members have option to hold their shares in demat form either through National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) or the Central Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL). About 97.93% shares of the company have been demateriaized. ISIN allotted to our company is INE459A01010.

## Investor Contacts Registrar and Transfer Agent

M/s Cameo Corporate Services Limited 'Subramanian Building' 1 Club House Road

Chennai 600 002

Phone :

044-28460395

Fax :

044-28460129

E-mail :

investor@cameoindia.com

## Distribution of Shareholding as on 31.03.2022

| Shareholding  No of  shareholders  % of  shareholders  No of  shares  % of  share holding  Sl No  1  1  -  100  7065  81.74  175822  1.40  2  101  -  500  1164  13.47  270747  2.16  3  501  -  1000  191  2.21  153156  1.22  4  1001  -  2000  93  1.08  137266  1.09  5  2001  -  3000  28  0.32  67362  0.54  6  3001  -  4000  13  0.15  44694  0.36  7  4001  -  5000  19  0.22  88423  0.71  8  5001  -  10000  18  0.21  130997  1.04  9  10001  -  and above  52  0.60  11471233  91.48  Total  8643  100  12539700  100   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Company

Bannari Amman Sugars Limited 1212 Trichy Road

2204100 0422-

Coimbatore - 641 018   India

Phone :

Fax

: 0422-2309999

Email :

secretary@bannari.com

shares@bannari.com

<!-- image -->

## Transfer of Unclaimed Dividend and Shares to Investor Education and Protection Fund

During the year under review, the company has credited 11,99,013/- to the Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) being dividend unclaimed pertaining to the financial year 2013-2014. `

In accordance with the provisions of Companies Act, 2013, the company has so far transferred 44,137 equity shares of 10/- each, to the credit of IEPF Authority, in respect of which dividend have been unclaimed by the shareholders for seven consecutive years or more. `

The company has uploaded on its website the details of unpaid and unclaimed amounts as on 31st  March 2021 and details of shares transferred to IEPF on account of unclaimed dividend during the financial year 2021-2022.

The voting rights on the shares transferred to IEPF authority shall remain frozen till the rightful owner claims the shares.

## Unclaimed Suspense Account

In compliance with requirements under SEBI (LODR) Regulation 2015 the Company has opened the Unclaimed Suspense Account and transferred the shares remained unclaimed even after three reminders to the shareholders. The voting rights in respect of such shares shall remain frozen. The details as required under this regulations are as follows:

| Aggregate number of shareholders at the beginning of the year  -  11  Outstanding shares lying in the Unclaimed Suspense Account at the beginning of the year  - 2250  Number of shareholders claimed -  Nil  Number of shareholders transferred to IEPF -  Nil  Number of shares transferred to IEPF  - Nil  Aggregate number of shareholders at the end of the year -  11  Outstanding shares lying in the Unclaimed Suspense Account at the end of the year  - 2250   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Shareholding Pattern as on 31.03.2022

| Category  Sl No  No of Shares  %  1  Promoters  7360276  58.70  2  UTI &amp; Mutual Funds  7894  0.06  3  Banks, Financial Institutions &amp; Insurance  Companies  114  0.00  4  Foreign Institutional Investors  28862  0.23  5  Private Corporate Bodies  1708172  13.62  6  Indian Public  3242420  25.85  7  IEPF  42355  0.34  8  NRI/OCB's  142415  1.14  9  Clearing Members  4942  0.04  10  Escrow Account  2250  0.02  TOTAL  12539700  100.00   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  on  31st  March  2022,  none  of  the  Non-Executive  Directors  are  holding  any  shares  in  the  Company  except Sri A K Perumalsamy. Sri A K Perumalsamy holds 900 equity shares in the Company.

<!-- image -->

## Credit Ratings

st During the financial year ended 31  March, 2022, CARE Ratings Limited reaffirmed the Credit Ratings for the credit facilities  availed  by  the  company from bankers as under:

| Nature of facility  Long Term Fund Based Credit facilities  CARE A+; Stable (Single A plus; Outlook : Stable)  Long Term / Short Term non-fund based  CARE A+; Stable/CARE A1+(Single A Plus;  credit facilities  Outlook : Stable/A One Plus)  Short Term Fund Based facilities  CARE A1+ (A One Plus)  Rating   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Plant Locations :

## Unit I Sugar, Co-Generation, Granite Processing &amp; Agrinatural Fertilizer

Alathukombai Village Sathyamangalam Taluk Erode District Tamilnadu

## Unit II Sugar, Co-Generation &amp; Distillery

Alaganchi Village  Nanjangud Taluk Mysore District Karnataka

## Unit III Sugar &amp; Co-Generation

Kunthur Village Kollegal Taluk Chamarajanagar District Karnataka

## Unit IV Sugar &amp; Co-Generation

Kolundampattu Village Thandarampattu Taluk Thiruvannamalai District Tamilnadu

<!-- image -->

## Unit V Sugar &amp; Co-Generation

Vengur Village Thirukovilur Taluk Kallakuruchi District Tamilnadu

## Distillery

Sinnapuliyur Village  Bhavani Taluk Erode District Tamilnadu

## Bio-Compost

- v Modur Village Erode District Tamilnadu
- v Alaganchi Village Mysore District  Karnataka

## Wind Mills

Radhapuram Irukkandurai and Karunkulam Villages Radhapuram Taluk Tirunelveli District Tamilnadu

## Address for Correspondence

Bannari Amman Sugars Limited 1212 Trichy Road

Coimbatore 641 018

204100 :  0422-2

9 Fax : 0422-230999

Phone

Email : shares@bannari.com

<!-- image -->

## BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED

## OTHER DISCLOSURES

- ã the year 2021-2022 were in conflict with the interest of  the  company http://www.bannari. com/Investor Information.html None of the transactions with related parties during . The policy on related party transaction can be accessed at
- ã There  was  no  instance  of  non-compliance  of  any matter  related  to  the  capital  markets  during  the last  3-years.
- ã The  Company  has  established  vigil  mechanism  / whistle  blower  policy  and  no  personnel  has  been denied access to the Audit Committee.
- ã The  Company  has  complied  with  all  mandatory requirements  of  SEBI  (LODR).  Regulations,  2015 Adoption of non-mandatory requirements is being reviewed by Board from time-to-time.
- ã The  Company  has  no  subsidiary  and  as  such disclosures relating to subsidiaries are not applicable to the Company.
- ã The price of the products of the Company are market driven and is fixed based on the prevailing market price. In respect of Foreign Exchange Commitments no hedging has been made except natural hedging.
- ã The  Company  has  not  raised  any  funds  through private placement /qualified institute placement.
- ã The  Company  has  obtained    a  certificate  from  a company  secretary  in  practice  that  none  of  the director  on  the  board  have  been  debarred  or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Director of the Company  by  SEBI/Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority.
- ã During the year, there has been no instance where the Board did not accept the recommendation of its committees.
- ã Statutory Auditor's fees for FY 2021-2022

( ` in lakhs)

| Statutory Audit fee  20.00  Tax Representation  2.00  Certification and other services  8.17  Reimbursement of expenses  0.25  TOTAL  30.42   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

This excludes GST, travel and out of pocket expenses. No fee or other charges was paid during the year to any entity in the network firm/network entity of which the statutory auditor is a part.

- ã During the year the Company has not received any complaint under the provisions of sexual harassment of women at work place (prevention, prohibition and redressal) Act, 2013.
- ã The Company has complied with corporate Governance requirements specified in regulations 17 to 27 and Clauses (b) to (i) of sub-regulation (2) of regulation 46 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015.
- ã In  the  preparation  of  the  financial  statements,  the company  has  followed  the  Accounting  Standards referred  to  in  Section  133  of  the  Companies  Act, 2013.  The significant accounting policies which are consistently applied are set out in the notes to the financial statements.
- ã None of the Independent Director has resigned from the Board before the expiry of his tenure.

## MEANS OF COMMUNICATION

- ã The quarterly / half-yearly/ annual financial  results of the Companyare announced within the stipulated  period  and  are  normally  published  in Business Standard (English) and  Makkal  Kural (Tamil).   The financial  results  are also accessible on the Company's  website at the  link  http:// www.bannari.com /Investor Information.html.

<!-- image -->

## Management  Discussion &amp; Analysis

## INDUSTRY STRUCTURE AND DEVELOPMENT

Sugar  Industry  being  agro  based  industry  has  been playing crucial role in Indian Economy. It is instrumental in resource  mobilization,  employment  generation,  income generation  and  creating  social  infrastructure  in  rural areas.    The  industry  is  supporting  more  than  6  million farmers and their families along with workers.

Global  sugar  production  is  expected  to  be  around 174.026 million tonnes in the marketing year 2021-2022 as against 168.984 million tonnes in 2020-21. Consumption is anticipated to 173.789 million tonnes in 2021-22 as against 171.034 million tonnes in 2020-21 due to growth in markets including China, India, Indonesia and  Russia.    Brazil  is  the  largest  exporter  of  sugar, constituting 35% to 45% of the global trade.

India is a major sugar producing country in the SouthAsian Region and has recorded bumper sugar production

## Domestic Sugar Statistics

in the recent past. India has emerged as a leading exporter of sugar in the past few years accounting for over 10% of the  global  trade.      Expecting  higher  exports  and  to maintain  domestic  availability  and  price  stability,  the Ministry  of  Commerce  and  Industry  through  Director General of Foreign Trade announced an amendment to its sugar export policy on May 24, 2022 and export of sugar has been placed under the restricted category from 1st June, 2022 to 31st October, 2022 or until further orders whichever is earlier.

With a view to find a sustainable solution to the country's structural sugar surplus and also reduce its reliance on fuel imports,  the  Government  of  India  has  advanced  the timeline for 20% ethanol blending in petrol to 2025 from the earlier target of 2030. India achieved a blending rate of 8.1% in the ethanol supply in the year 2020-21 which has been increased to 9.9% in the year 2021-22.

(in lakh tonnes)

| Particulars  2017-18  2018-19  2019-20  2021-22  (P)  2020-21  Opening Stock as on 1st Oct.  Production during the Season  324.79  331.62  274.11  311.92  360.00  Imports  2.15  -  -  -  -  Total Availability  365.70  438.79  419.90  419.32  441.86  Off-take  i)  Internal Consumption  253.90  255.00  253.00  265.55  275.00  ii)  Exports  4.64  38.00  59.50  71.91  100.00  Total off-take  258.54  293.00  312.50  337.46  375.00  Closing Stock as on 30th Sep  107.16  145.79  107.40  81.86  66.86  Stock as % of off-take  42.2%  57.2%  42.5%  30.8%  24.3%  38.80  107.20  145.79  107.40  81.86   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(Source: Indian Sugar Mills Association (ISMA)

<!-- image -->

## Operational Performance of the company

| Particulars  Year Ended 31.03.2022  Year Ended 31.03.2021  Sugar  Installed Capacity (TCD)  Sugarcane Crushed (Lakh Tonnes)  Recovery %  Sugar bagged (Lakh Quintals)  Power  Installed Capacity  Co-gen Power (MW)  129.80  129.80  Wind Mills (MW)  8.75  8.75  Units Generated (Million Units)  585.13  482.34  Distillery  Installed Capacity (KLPD)  Alcohol Produced (Million B. Ltrs)  Polished Granite Products (Sq mtrs)  184518  130507  23700  23700  49.01  38.31  9.33  9.34  45.48  35.50  217.50  127.50  12.44  11.91   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Financial Performance of the Company

( ` in Lakhs)

| Particulars  Year Ended 31.03.2022  Year Ended 31.03.2021  Revenue from operations  Sugar  168247.22  128093.07  Power  19892.10  15964.52  Distillery  7843.75  8110.87  Granite Products  3825.92  4107.31  Total Expenses (Excluding interest)  Sugar  166486.70  125118.43  Power  6664.22  5358.34  Distillery  6999.56  5888.67  Granite Products  4343.69  4522.48  Profit Before Interest and Tax (PBIT)  Sugar  1760.52  2974.64  Power  13227.88  10606.18  Distillery  844.19  2222.20  Granite Products  (517.77)  (415.17)  Profit After Tax (PAT)  7998.39  9214.00  Earnings per Share (Basic and Diluted)  63.78  73.48   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Key Profitability Ratios

| Particulars  Year Ended 31.03.2022  Year Ended 31.03.2021  Profitability Ratios  Operating Profit Margin (EBIDTA / SALES %)  11.06  14.05  Net Profit Margin (PAT / SALES %)  4.00  5.90  Return on net Worth (PAT / Net Worth %)  5.72  6.93  Balance Sheet Ratios  Debt Equity Ratio (times)  0.69  0.66  Current Ratio (times)  1.46  1.49  Debtors' Turnover (days)  46  41  Inventory Turnover (days)  183  228  Interest Coverage Ratios (times)  4.87  3.91   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Previous year profit margin includes state subsidies.

## Opportunities

- v Favorable monsoon ensures adequate cane availability and increase in sugar recovery.
- v Availability of sufficient quantum of bagasse for continuous operations of co-generation plants.
- v Increased cane crush caters the need of molasses for distillery units.
- v Capacity addition in Distillery unit in Karnataka and modernization of distillery in Tamil Nadu generates additional revenue

## Threats

- v Availability of surplus sugar in the market
- v Government policies in export of sugar
- v Power price fixation by the Regulatory Authorities
- v Climate change
- v Non-availability of harvesting labour in time

## Risks, concerns and mitigation

The  company  has  developed  and  implemented  a comprehensive risk management system to identify and manage the risks associated with the business of the company.  Sugar  industry  being  agro  based  and vulnerable to commodity cycles is fought with several risks.  The  key  risks  identified  by  the  company  and mitigation plan:

| ## Key Risks  ## Mitigation Plan  Environmental Risk  The  company  inter  alia  manufactures  sugar  and alcohol which exposes it to environmental concerns. effluent discharge, hazardous pollutants, inappropriate waste management etc., are primary risks associated with the business  The company has invested with and installed most modern equipments to reduce pollution. Any emission will be within the limit prescribed by the Central / State Pollution Control Boards. All the operations and environmental responsibilities are taken care off.  The  company's  operations  and  processes  are  constantly upgraded to meet environmental changes.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| Key Risks  Mitigation Plan  Changes in Government Policies  The business of the company will be affected due to  change in government policies viz. export policy,  change  in  sugarcane  price,  change  in  ethanol  program etc.,  The  company  has  built  long  term  relationship  with  all  stakeholders including cane growers. It is financially fit to face  such risks.  The  company  has  built  good  and  progressive  relationship  over the years with the local farming community. Continuous  R&amp;D programs are being carried out throughout the year to  improve the yield and recovery.  Introducing high yielding and high quality new varieties.  Provides sufficient support to farmers from field preparation  and planting with innovative planting methods and planting  materials.  Adequate advise are being given to farmers for improvement  of sugarcane productivity, irrigation management, profitable  intercropping, integrated management of pests and diseases.  Having  own  Bio-fertilizer  Unit  and  thereby  have  our  own  mechanism of bio-nutrient production from our by-products  and supply the required fertilizer to cane growers and other  stakeholders to improve the soil health.  Continuous monitoring of crops by field officers.  Sugarcane price  Cane harvesting  Cane Transportation  The company represents through industry associations at the  time of cane price fixation. The company is financially fit to  make timely payment of cane price.  Adopting  wider  row  planting  suitable  for  mechanical  harvesting.  Mechanization programs are being conducted to encourage  farmers.  The company makes adequate arrangement for timely cane  transport  Sugarcane availability and recovery   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| Key Risks  Mitigation Plan  Most  modern  equipments  were  installed  in  almost  all  the  manufacturing  facilities.  The  company  has  adopted  best  manufacturing process in all plants and trained work force to  meet any challenges during operational hours.  Refer Note No.53 (Page No. 114) in the Notes of Accounts  attached.  The  company  has  efficient  experienced  professionals  to  monitor legal and regulatory compliances. The Board reviews  the compliances from time to time.  Continuous updating of IT systems is ensured. The company  has adequate back up procedure to mitigate loss of data.  Financial Risks  Compliance Risks  The  company's  business  is  subject  to  legal  and  regulatory requirements and any non-compliance  could result serious consequences  Information Technology and Cyber Security Risks  Operational Risk  Any disturbance in the operations of any plant will  reduce operational efficiency and impact in cost of  production   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Internal Control Systems and their Adequacy

The company has adequate internal control systems in place and also has reasonable assurance on authorizing, recording and reporting transactions of its operations. Proper and adequate internal controls are being adopted by the company commensurate with its size, scale and complexities of operations.

## Details of Adequacy of Internal Financial Controls

The  Company's  internal  control  system  is  aimed  at proper utilization and safeguarding of the Company's resources and promoting operational efficiency. The internal audit process reviews the in-system checks, covering significant operational areas regularly.

The  Company's  Audit  Committee  is  responsible  for reviewing the Report submitted by the Internal Auditors. Suggestions for improvements are considered and the Audit Committee follows up on the implementation of corrective actions. The Audit Committee also invites the

Statutory and Internal Auditors for regular meetings to ascertain  their  views  on  the  adequacy  of  internal control  systems  and  keeps  the  Board  of  Directors informed of its observations from time to time.

## Human Resources and Industrial Relations

The  Company  employs  1898  permanent  employees and the company maintains excellent relationship with its employees during the year under review. No case was  filed  under  Sexual  Harassment  of  women  at workplace (Prevention Prohibition and Redressal) Act 2013.

The company has created an excellent relationship with the  farmers  as  well  as  other  stakeholders  including bankers.

## CSR Activities

Most of the CSR Activities are carried out directly by the company. We are working tirelessly to enrich the lives of  people in the rural community by providing them with a host of amenities that not just make their lives a

<!-- image -->

whole lot easier but also ensures agricultural, educational  and  economic  independence. More details  are  furnished  in  the  Annual  Report  on  CSR Activities.

## Outlook

India's  sugar  production  is  likely  to  fall  slightly  in 2022-2023 sugar year due to diversion of sugarcane to  ethanol  manufacturing  from  B-heavy  molasses. World  sugar  prices  are  expected  to  be  firm.  It  is expected  that  the  government  will  review  the  sugar situation and continue to allow exports in 2022-2023 also.

## Cautionary Statement

Statements made in this Management Discussion and Analysis Report may contain certain forward-looking statements based on various assumptions on the Company's present and future business strategies and the environment in which it operates.  Actual  results  may  differ  substantially  or  materially  from  those  expressed  or  implied  due  to  risk  and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include the effect of economic and political conditions in India and abroad, volatility in interest rates and in the securities market, new regulations and Government policies that may impact the Company's businesses as well as the ability to implement its strategies. The information contained herein is as of the date referenced and the Company does not undertake any obligation to update these statements. The Company has obtained all market data and other information from sources believed to be reliable or its internal estimates, although its accuracy or completeness cannot be guaranteed.

## DECLARATION ON COMPANY'S CODE OF CONDUCT

This is to confirm that for the financial year ended March 31, 2022, all members of the Board and the Senior Management Personnel have affirmed in writing their compliance with the Code of Conduct adopted by the Company.

Place : Coimbatore

Date  : 30.05.2022

S V BALASUBRAMANIAM Chairman

DIN 00002405

Place : Coimbatore

<!-- image -->

Independent Auditor's Certificate on Compliance with the Corporate Governance requirements under Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)  Regulations, 2015

To

The Members of Bannari Amman Sugars Limited,

## Certificate on Corporate Governance

1. We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by Bannari Amman Sugars Limited (CIN:  L15421TZ1983PLC001358)  ('the  Company')  for  the  year  ended    31st  March  2022  as  stipulated  in Regulations 17 to 27, clause (b) to (i) and (t) of Regulation 46 (2) and paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule V of the Securities  and  Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ('Listing  Regulations').

## Management's Responsibility

2. The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the Management of the Company including the preparation and maintenance of all relevant supporting records and documents. This responsibility includes the design, implementation and maintenance of internal control and procedures to ensure the compliance with the conditions of the Corporate Governance stipulated in the Listing Regulations.

## Auditor's Responsibility

3. Our responsibility is to provide a reasonable assurance whether the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in Listing Regulations for the year ended 31st March 2022.
4. Our examination was limited to procedures and implementation thereof adopted by the Company for ensuring the compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company.
5. We have carried out an examination of the relevant records of the Company in accordance with the Guidance Note on Certification of Corporate Governance issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India ('the ICAI') and as per the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for special purposes issued by the ICAI which requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by ICAI.
6. We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information and Other Assurance and Related Services Engagements.

## Opinion

7. Based on our examination of the relevant records and according to the information and explanations given to us and the representations provided by the Management, we certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the Listing regulations for the year ended 31st March 2022.
8. We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For P K NAGARAJAN &amp; Co., Firm Reg. No: 016676S Chartered Accountants

VIGNESA SOMATHURAI PANDIAN Partner M.No. 241168 UDIN: 22241168AJXEAN9153

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS

(Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10) (i) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015)

To,

The Members, Bannari Amman Sugars Limited 1212, Trichy Road, Coimbatore - 641018

We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of M/s. Bannari Amman Sugars Limited having CIN: L15421TZ1983PLC001358 and having registered office at 1212, Trichy Road, Coimbatore - 641 018 (hereinafter referred to as 'the Company'), produced before us by the Company for the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para (C) Sub clause 10(i) of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification Number (DIN) status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to us by the Company &amp; its officers, we hereby certify that as on the date of this certificate none of the Directors on the Board of the Company have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of Companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India or Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such other Statutory Authority.

Ensuring the eligibility for appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification.

Place : Coimbatore

Date  : 30.05.2022

For M/s C Thirumurthy &amp; Associates C Thirumurthy B Com BL FCS Practising Company Secretary FCS 3454 CP 5179 UDIN: F003454D000422851

## ANNEXURE - IV

## ANNUAL REPORT ON CSR ACTIVITIES

- 1.
- Brief outline on CSR Policy of the Company.

The Company's philosophy on Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) is that "as the organization grows the society and community around it should also grow". The company is consistently making contributions for the welfare of the people living in and around the neighbouring villages of its sugar factories. The areas mainly focused are on health sanitation, irrigation, education, environment, water conservation, livelihood etc.

2. Composition of CSR Committee:
3. Provide the web-link where Composition of committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved  by  the  board  are  disclosed  on  the website of the Company. CSR
4. Provide the details of Impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8 of the Companies (Corporate Social responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable (attach the report).

| 1  Sri M P Vijayakumar  Chairman  2  2  2  Sri S V Balasubramaniam  Member  2  2  3  Sri T Gundan  Member  2  2  4  Dr Radha Ramani  Member  2  2  Sl.  No.  Name of Director  Designation / Nature  of Directorship  Number of meetings  of CSR Committee  held during  the year  Number of meetings  of CSR Committee  attended during  the year   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

:  http://www.bannari.com/CorporateSocialResponsibility.html

:   Not Applicable

5. Details of the amount available for set off in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 7 of the Companies (Corporate Social responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and amount required for set off for the financial year, if any :  NIL

6. Average net profit of the company as per section 135(5). :

` 11075.35 Lakhs

7. a) Two percent of average net profit of the company as per section 135(5) :

` 221.51 Lakhs

- b) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years.

- :

Nil

- c) Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any :

Nil

- d) Total CSR obligation for the financial year  (7a+7b-7c) :

` 221.51 Lakhs

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## 8.    a)    CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year:

| Total Amount Spent  for the Financial  Year (  `  in lakhs)  Total Amount transferred to  Unspent CSR Account as per  section 135(6)  Amount transferred to any  fund specified under Schedule VII  as per second proviso to section 135 (5)  Amount  (  `  in lakhs)  Date of  transfer.  Name of  the Fund  Amount  (  `  in lakhs)  Date of  transfer  Amount Unspent  222.92  NIL  NIL  NA  NA  NA   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## b)    Details of CSR amount spent against ongoing projects for the financial year:

| Nil  (1)  (2)  (3)  (4)  (5)  (6)  (7)  (8)  (9)  (10)  (11)  Name of  the  project.  Item from  the list of  activities in  Schedule  VII to the  Act.  Local area  (Yes/No).  Location of  the project.  Project  duration.  Amount  Allocated  for the  project  (  `  in  lakhs)  Amount  spent in  the  current  financial  year  (  `  in  lakhs)  Amount  transferred  to Unspent  CSR Account  for the  project as  per Section  135(6)  (  `  in lakhs)  Mode of  Implementation  Direct  (Yes/No)  Mode of  Implementation -  Through  Implementing  Agency  Sl.  No.  State  Name  District  CSR  Registration  number   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## c)    Details of CSR amount spent against other than ongoing projects for the financial year:

| (1)  (2)  (3)  (4)  (5)  (6)  (7)  (8)  Name of  the  project.  Item from  the list of  activities in  Schedule  VII to the  Act.  Local  area  (Yes/  No).  Location of the project.  Amount spent  for the project  (  `  in lakhs)  Mode of  Imple-  mentation  Direct  (Yes/No)  Mode of Implementation -  Through Implementing  Agency  Sl.  No.  Name  CSR  Registration  number  State  District  1.  I  YES  Tamil  Chennai  112.47  Yes  -  -  Nadu  Coimbatore,  &amp;  Erode  Karna  Tirupur  taka  Mysore  2.  I  YES  Tamil  Erode  10.00  No  Olirum Erode  CSR00004428  nadu  Foundation, Erode  3.  I  YES  Tamil  Krishnagiri  5.33  Yes  -  nadu  4.  II  YES  Tamil  Chennai  40.00  No  M.K. Mohan  nadu  Charitable  CSR00011503  Trust, Chennai  5.  II  YES  Tamil  Erode  12.04  Yes  -  -  Nadu  Kallakurichi  &amp;  Chamrajanagar  Karna  taka  Support  for COVID-19  pandemic  relief  Promoting  Healthcare  Promoting  Education   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| (1)  (2)  (3)  (4)  (5)  (6)  (7)  (8)  Name of  the  project.  Item from  the list of  activities in  Schedule  VII to the  Act.  Local  area  (Yes/  No).  Location of the project.  Amount spent  for the project  (  `  in lakhs)  Mode of  Imple-  mentation  Direct  (Yes/No)  Mode of Implementation -  Through Implementing  Agency  Sl.  No.  Name  CSR  Registration  number  State  District  6.  IV  YES  Tamil  Erode  40.98  No  -  Nadu  Tiruvannamalai  7.  IV  YES  Tamil  Coimbatore  2.10  YES  -  -  nadu  TOTAL  222.92  --  Conservation  of natural  resource  Jointly with  NABARD   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- d) Amount spent in Administrative Overheads :

Nil

- e) Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable :

Nil

- f) Total amount spent for the Financial Year (8b+8c+8d+8e) :

` 222.92 Lakhs

- g) Excess amount for set off, if any

| i)  Two percent of average net profit of the company as per section 135(5)  221.51  ii)  Total amount spent for the Financial Year  222.92  iii)  Excess amount spent for the financial year [(ii)-(i)]  1.41  iv)  Surplus arising out of  the CSR projects or  programmes or  activities of the previous financial years, if any  NIL  v)  Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years [(iii)-(iv)]  1.41  Sl.No.  Particular  Amount (  `  in lakhs)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 9.   a)   Details of Unspent CSR amount for the preceding three financial years :

| Sl.  No.  Preceding  Financial Year  Amount  transferred to  Unspent CSR  Account under  section 135 (6)  (  `  in Lakhs)  Amount spent  in the reporting  Financial Year  (  `  in Lakhs)  Amount transferred to any  fund specified under Schedule VII  as per section 135(6), if any  Amount  remaining  to be spent in  succeeding  financial  years  (  `  in Lakhs)  Name of  the Fund  Amount  (  `  in Lakhs)  Date of  transfer  Nil   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

- b)   Details of CSR amount spent in the financial year for ongoing projects of the preceding financial year(s):
10. In case of creation or acquisition of capital asset, furnish the details relating to the asset so created or acquired through CSR spent in the financial year (asset-wise details)
- a) Date of creation or acquisition of the capital asset(s)
- b) Amount of CSR spent for creation or acquisition of capital asset
- c) Details  of  the  entity  or  public  authority  or  beneficiary  under whose name such capital asset is registered, their address etc
- d) Provide  details  of  the  capital  asset(s)  created  or  acquired (including complete address and location of the capital asset)
11. Specify the reason(s), if the company has failed to spend two percent of the average net profit as per section 135(5) :

| (1)  (2)  (3)  (4)  (5)  (6)  (7)  (8)  (9)  Sl.  No.  Project ID  Name  of the  Project  Financial  Year in  which the  project was  commenced  Project  duration  Total amount  allocated for  the project  (  `  in Lakhs)  Amount spent  on the project  in the reporting  Financial Year  (  `  in Lakhs)  Cumulative  amount spent  at the end  of reporting  Financial Year  (  `  in Lakhs)  Status of the  project -  Completed/  Ongoing  Nil   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Nil

Not Applicable

Place : Coimbatore

Date  : 30.05.2022

M P VIJAYAKUMAR

Chairman - CSR Committee

DIN : 05103089

B  SARAVANAN

Managing Director

DIN : 00002927

<!-- image -->

## ANNEXURE - V

## BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORT About this Report

This  report  has  been  prepared  in  accordance  with Regulation 34 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 and is aligned  with  National  Voluntary  Guidelines  on  social environmental and economic responsibilities of business

(hereinafter referred as 'NVG - SEE') related by ministry of corporate affairs. This report provides an overview of the  activities  carried  out  by  the  Company  under  each principles outlined in NVG - SEE.

## SECTION - A : GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY

1. Corporate Identity Number (CIN) :

L15421TZ1983PLC001358

2. Name of the Company :

Bannari Amman Sugars Limited

3. Registered Address :

1212, Trichy Road, Coimbatore 641 018

4. Website :

www.bannari.com

5. E-mail id :

shares@bannari.com

6. Financial year reported :

April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2022

7.  Sector(s) that the Company is engaged in (industrial activity code - wise):
8. List  three  key  products/services that the Company manufactures/ provides (as in balance sheet)
3. v Sugar
4. v Power
5. v Alcohol

| Description  NIC Code  Manufacturing Crystal Sugar  10721  Generating Power  35106  Manufacturing Alcohol  1101  Producing Granite products  08102   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED

- a) : Number of International Locations

Nil

- b) Number of National Locations :

The company carries its business from its registered office situated in Coimbatore, Tamilnadu. The manufacturing units are located at 4 places in Tamil Nadu and 2 places in Karnataka.

- c) Markets served by the Company :

Local/State /National/International

9.   Total number of locations where business activity is undertaken by the Company:

The company is predominantly in sugar business and serves Indian market. The company's granite business has an international presence mainly in U.S.A and Europe.

## SECTION B: FINANCIAL DETAILS OF THE COMPANY

| 1  Paid up Capital  12.54  2  Revenue from Operations  1998.09  3  Profit after taxes  79.98  4  Spending on Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)  2.79%  as percentage of profit after tax (%)  5  List of activities in which expenditure in 4 above has been incurred :  a.  Support for COVID-19 Pandemic relief  b.  Promoting healthcare  c.  Promoting  Education  d.  Conservation of Natural resources  Sl.  No.  Particulars  As on 31.03.2022  (  `  in crores)  Refer  Annual  Report  on  CSR  Activities attached along with the  Board's Report  (The  company  has  spent  `  2.23  crores against the requirement of  `  2.22 crores)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SECTION C: OTHER DETAILS

1. Does the Company have any Subsidiary Company/ Companies?

No

2. Do the Subsidiary Company/Companies participate in the BR Initiatives of the parent company? If yes, then indicate the number of such subsidiary company(s) Not Applicable
3. Do any other entity/entities (e.g. suppliers, distributors etc.) that the Company does business with, participate in the BR initiatives of the Company? If yes, then indicate the percentage of such entity/entities? [Less than 30%, 30-60%, More than 60%]

No

<!-- image -->

## SECTION D:  BR INFORMATION

1. Details of Director / Directors responsible for BR
- a) Details of Director / Directors responsible for implementation of the BR policy / policies

DIN :

00002927

Name :

SRI  B  SARAVANAN

Designation :

Managing Director

## b) Details of the BR head :

| 1  DIN  00002927  2  Name  SRI  B  SARAVANAN  3  Designation  Managing Director  4  Telephone number  0422-2204100  5  Email ID  mailto:mdoffice@bannari.com  Sl. No  Particulars  Details   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2. Principle-wise (as per NGV's) BR Policy/Policies [Reply in Y/N]

- v Principle 1:

Ethics, Transparency and Accountability [P1]

- v Principle 2:

Sustainability of the Product throughout the Lifecycle   [P2]

- v Principle 3:

Employees' wellbeing [P3]

- v Principle 4:

Respect the interests and Response towards Stakeholders  [P4]

- v Principle 5:

Promotion of human rights [P5]

- v Principle 6:

Environment Protection [P6]

- v

- Principle 7:

Responsible towards Public and Regulatory Policy [P7]

- v

- Principle 8:

Inclusive Growth and Equitable Development [P8]

- v Principle 9:

Value to Customers /Consumers [P9]

<!-- image -->

## BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED

## 2a. Details of Compliance

| Sl.  No.  P  Questions  P  P  P  P  P  P  P  P  1  2  3  4  5  6  7  8  9  1  Do you have a policy/ policies for?  2  Has  the  policy  being  formulated  in  consultation  with  t he  relevant  stakeholders?  3  Does  the  policy  conform  to  any  national  /  international  standards?  If  yes,  specify?   (50  words)  4  Has the policy being approved by the  Board?   If yes, has it been signed by  MD/ owner/ CEO/ appropriate Board  Director?  5  Does  the  company  have  a  specified  committee  of  the  Board/Director/  Official to oversee the implementation  of the policy?  6  Indicate  the  link  for  the  policy  to  be  viewed online?  7  Has  t he  policy  been  formally  communicated to all relevant   internal  and external stakeholders?  8  Does  the  Company  have  in-house  structure  to  implement  the  policy  /  policies?  9  Does the Company have a grievance  redressal  mechanism  related  to  the  poli c y / p o l i c i e s  t o   address  stakeholders' grievances related to the  policy/policies?  10  Has  the  company  carried  out  independent  audit/  evaluation  of  the  working of this policy by an internal or  external agency?  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  http://www.bannari.com/investorinformation.html  Yes. This policy is based on the 'National Voluntary Guidelines on Social  Environmental  &amp;  Economic  responsibilities  of  business"  released  by  the  Ministry of Corporate Affairs Government of India.  Yes. Approved by the Board of Directors at its meeting held on 14.2.2017  and signed by the Chairman   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

2b. If answer to Sl.No.1 against any principle, is 'NO', please explain why (Tick up to 2 options)

<!-- image -->

| Sl.  No.  P  Questions  P  P  P  P  P  P  P  P  1  2  3  4  5  6  7  8  9  1  The Company has not understood the  Principles  2  The Company is not at a stage where it  finds itself in a position to formulate and  implement  the  policies  on  specified  principles  3  The Company does not have financial  or  manpower  resources  available  for  the task  4  It  is  planned  to  be  done  within  next  6 months  5  It is planned to be done within the next  1 year  6  Any other reason (please specify)  Not applicable   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3. Governance related to BR

- a) Indicate  the  frequency  with  which  the  Board  of Directors, Committee of the Board or CEO to assess the  BR  performance  of  the  company.  Within  3 months, 3-6 months, annually or more than one year:
2. There is no defined frequency. The assessment will be carried out by the BR head at such intervals as he considered necessary based upon its importance and impact on the company's business.
- b) Does the company publish a BR or a sustainability report? What is the hyperlink for viewing this report? How frequency it is published?

This is the third BRR of the  company  which can  be  accessed  at:  https://www.bannari.com/ investorinformation.html

## SECTION E: PRINCIPLE-WISE PERFORMANCE

Principle 1: Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with Ethics, Transparency and Accountability

1. corruption cover only the company? Does it extend to the  Group/Joint Ventures/ Suppliers/Contractors/ NGOs/ Others? Does  the  policy  relating  to  ethics,  bribery  and

The company's policy relating to ethics, bribery and corruptions are covered in the Code of Conduct and whistle blower policy which aims to provide greater transparency  and  accountability.  It  also  aims  to follow  ethics  and  to  detect  actual  or  suspected misconduct. The company  has no j oint venture/NGOs.

2. How  many  stakeholder complaints have been received in the past financial year  and  what percentage was satisfactorily resolved by the management? If so, provide details thereof, in about 50 words or so.

The company has  a well established mechanism for receipt  and  resolution  of  stakeholders'  complaints. During the year under review the company has not received any complaint from the stakeholders.

<!-- image -->

## Principle  2  :  Business  should  provide  goods  and services that are safe and contribute to sustainability "through out their life cycle'

1. has incorporated social or environmental concerns, risks and/or opportunities. List up to 3 of your products or services whose design
- a) Sugar
- b) Power
- c) Alcohol

All the products take care of social / environmental concerns and risks.

2. For each such product, provide the following details in  respect  of  resource  use  (energy,  water,  raw material etc.) per unit of product (optional):
- a) Reduction during sourcing/production/ distribution  achieved  since  the  previous  year throughout the value chain?

Sugar industry is a seasonal industry and it's working always depending on the availability of sugarcane. Use of raw material, energy and water etc., varies depending on capacity utilization of the plant. The Company  is continuously investing in various equipments for reducing energy and water requirements.

- b) Reduction during usage by consumers (energy, water)  has  been  achieved  since  the  previous year?

Not Applicable

3. Does  the  company  have  procedures  in  place  for sustainable  sourcing  (including  Transportation)?  If yes,  what  percentage  of  your  inputs  was  sourced sustainably? Also, provide details thereof, in about 50 words or so.

The main raw material viz. sugarcane being classified as essential commodity under the Essential Commodities Act, 1955, its distribution is controlled by the Government by allotting area to each sugar mill. The company is  sourcing raw materials from the area  allotted  to  each  sugar  mill.  The  company  is propagating the innovative and technical cultivation process practices in farming viz. drip irrigation, trash mulching, pit planting, organic manure etc. Bannari is  also  supporting  farmers  by  way  of  arranging harvesting labour, mechanical harvesting and transportation.  All  the  manufacturing  units  of  the company are situated in midst of the area allotted to the company and thereby significantly reduces the environmental impact of transportation.

4. Has the company taken any steps to procure goods and services from local &amp; small producers, including communities surrounding their place of work? If yes, what steps have been taken to improve their capacity and capability of local and small vendors?

As already stated sugar mills can draw sugarcane from the area allotted to the concerned sugar mill. The sugarcane is being harvested and transported by using the available people surrounding the factory.

5. Does  the  company  have  a  mechanism  to  recycle products and waste? If yes, what is the percentage of recycling of products and waste (separately as &lt;5%, 5-10%, &gt;10%).     Also, provide details thereof, in about 50 words or so.

In the process of sugar manufacturing apart from the main  product  sugar,  bagasse  and  molasses  are being  generated.  Bagasse  is  effectively  used  for power generation and molasses is effectively used for alcohol  production.  The  waste  viz.  press  mud  is effectively  used  for  manufacturing  bio-compost  by treating with distillery spent wash.

## Principle 3 : Businesses should promote  the wellbeing of all employees

- 1.
- Please indicate the Total number of employees Total Number of employees as on 31.03.2022 :      1898
2. Please indicate the Total number of employees hired on temporary/contractual/ casual basis:

<!-- image -->

company employs temporary/contractual/casual employees depending on the necessity particularly after considering the sugarcane availability. It varies season  to  season  and  during  off-season.  Hence, providing data relating to such employees would not be meaningful. Sugar  industry being a seasonal industry, the

3. employees:
2. Please  indicate  the  Number  of  permanent  women Number  of  permanent  women  employees  as  on 31.3.2022 : 6
4. Please indicate the Number of permanent employees with disabilities:
4. Number of permanent employees with disabilities as on 31.3.2022 : NIL
5. Do  you  have  an  employee  association  that  is recognized by management?
6. The company's manufacturing facilities are situated at  six  locations.  In  3  sugar  factories  there  are employees associations.
6. What percentage of your permanent employees is members of this recognized employee association?
8. It  varies  from  factory  to  factory  and  ranges  from 47% to 90%
7. Please indicate the Number of complaints relating to child  labour,  forced  labour,  involuntary  labour, sexual  harassment  in  the  last  financial  year  and pending, as on the end of the financial year.
10. NIL
8. What percentage of your under mentioned employees were given safety  &amp;  skill  up  gradation training in the last year?

| Safety &amp; Skill up-gradation training  Sl.  No  a  Permanent Employees  b  Permanent Women  Employees  c  Casual/Temporary/  Contractual Employees  d  Employees with  Disabilities  The  women  employees  are  employed  only  in  the  head  office  in  a  fully  secured  environment  79%  21%  NIL   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Principle 4  : Businesses should respect the interests of, and be responsive towards all stakeholders, especially those who  are disadvantaged, vulnerable and marginalized.

1. Yes Has the company mapped its internal and external stakeholders? Yes/No
2. O ut  of  the  above,  has  the  company  identified  the disadvantaged, vulnerable &amp; marginalized stakeholders?
3. Yes. The company has identified the small farmers as disadvantaged, vulnerable and marginalized stakeholders.
3. Are  there any  special initiatives taken by  the company to engage with the disadvantaged, vulnerable  and  marginalized  stakeholders?  If  so, provide details thereof, in about 50 words or so.
5. The company's field officials are regularly approaching them to identify their needs and resolve their problems.

## Principle 5 : Businesses should respect and promote human rights

1. Does  the  policy  of  the  company  on  human  rights cover only the company or extend to the Group/Joint Ventures/Suppliers/Contractors/NGOs/Others?

<!-- image -->

The company has no group structure and it has no joint  ventures/NGOs.

2. How  many  stakeholder complaints have been received in the past financial year and what percent was satisfactorily resolved by the management?

The company has not received any complaint relating to violation of human rights.

## Principle 6 : Business should respect, protect and make efforts to restore the environment

1. Does the policy related to Principle 6 cover only the company  or extends to the Group/Joint Ventures/Suppliers/Contractors/NGOs/others.

The company has no group structure and it has no joint  ventures/NGOs.

2. Does  the  company  have  strategies/  initiatives  to address global environmental issues such as climate change,  global  warming,  etc?  If  yes,  please  give hyperlink for webpage etc.

The  company  is  always  and  continuously  taking initiatives to address  environmental  issues. The company's wastes are properly treated and utilized in an effective manner.

3. Yes. Does  the  company  identify  and  assess  potential environmental risks?
4. Does the company have any project related to Clean Development  Mechanism?  If  so,  provide  details thereof,  in  about  50  words  or  so.    Also,  if  Yes, whether  any  environmental  compliance  report  is filed?

No.

5. Has the company undertaken any other initiatives on clean technology, energy efficiency, renewable energy, etc. Y/N. If yes, please give hyperlink for web page etc.

Yes.  The  company  has  taken  initiatives  on  clean technology, energy efficiency and renewable energy.   The company has installed Bio Gas Engine in the  Effluent Treatment Plant and utilizing the BioGas  generated  from  the  Anaerobic  Digester  for power  generation.  The  generated  power  is  being used for running the Effluent Treatment Plant. Also, the company  in  the  process  of  installing  Co2 Recovery Plant, for the recovery of Co2 Gas coming out  of  our  Distillery  Fermentation  Process.  As  a renewable energy initiative,  the  company  is  using wind energy in one of the distillery units.

- Are the Emissions/Waste generated by the company within the permissible limits given by CPCB/SPCB for the financial year being reported? 6.

Yes. Within the permissible limits given by CPCB/SPCB.

- Number of show cause/ legal notices received from CPCB/SPCB which are pending (i.e. not resolved to satisfaction) as on end of Financial Year. 7.

No show cause/legal notice is received.

## Principle 7 : Businesses, when engaged in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a responsible manner

- Is  your  company  a  member  of  any  trade  and chamber  or  association?  If  Yes,  Name  only  those major ones that your business deals with: 1. Yes
- Indian Sugar Mills Association, New Delhi a)
- The  South  Indian  Sugar  Mills  Association, Tamilnadu &amp; Karnataka b)
- All India Distillers  Association, New Delhi c)
- Have you advocated/lobbied through above associations for the advancement or improvement of public good? Yes/No; if yes specify the broad areas (drop box: Governance and Administration, Economic Reforms, Inclusive Development Policies, Energy security, Water, Food Security, Sustainable Business Principles, Others) 2.

The company prefers to participate in the meetings and deliberations of the association for the interests of the industry and public good.

<!-- image -->

## Principle  8  :  Businesses  should  support  inclusive growth and equitable development

1. Does  the  company  have  specified  programmes/ initiatives/projects in pursuit of the policy related to Principle 8? If yes details thereof.
5. Have you taken steps to ensure that this community development initiative is successfully adopted by the community? Please explain in 50 words, or so.

The company has conducted/supported many social welfare  programs/  projects  directly  as  well  as through  government  agencies.  The  company  has taken many initiatives for the inclusive growth and equitable development including the following:

- v Support for COVID-19 Pandemic relief.
- v Promoting Health Care.
- v Promoting Education.
- v Conservation of Natural Resource.
2. Are  the  programmes/projects  undertaken  through in-house team/own  foundation/external  NGO/ government structures/any other organization? The programmes/projects are undertaken directly as Agencies/Public Authority subject to the approval of CSR Committee. The  Company  has  also  undertaken  some  of  the

well as through Government projects through government structures.

3. Have  you  done  any  impact  assessment  of  your initiative?
2. Yes. The CSR Committee assessing the impact of the initiatives  taken  by  the  company.
4. What  is  your  company's  direct  contribution  to community development projects Amount in INR and the details of the projects undertaken.

During the year, the Company has spent Rs.222.92 lakhs for various activities. The details are furnished in the Annual Return on CSR activities forming part of the Report of the Board of Directors.

Yes. The company has taken proper steps to ensure that the community development initiative is successfully adopted by the community. The Chairman of the company as well as the Chairman of CSR  Committee  are  visiting  various  places  and identifying the needs of community and ensuring that the initiatives taken by company are well received by the community.

## Principle 9 : Businesses should engage with and provide value to their customers  and consumers in a responsible manner

1. What percentage of customer complaints/consumer cases are pending as on the end of financial year. st No pending complaint as on 31  March, 2022.
2. Does the company display product information on the product label, over and above what is mandated as per local laws? Yes/No/N.A./Remarks (additional information)

Yes.

3. Is there any case filed by any stakeholder against the company regarding unfair trade practices, irresponsible advertising and/or anticompetitive behavior during the last five years and pending as on end of financial year. If so, provide details thereof, in about 50 words or so.

No case relating to unfair trade practices, irresponsible advertising or anticompetitive behavior has been filed against the company during last five years.

4. Did your company carry out any consumer survey/ consumer satisfaction trends? No  formal  survey  has  been  carried  out  but  the company ensures consumer satisfaction through the wholesale dealers.

<!-- image -->

## BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED

ANNEXURE - VI

## SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

## ST FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED ON 31  MARCH, 2022

[Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]

To

The Members, M/s. Bannari Amman Sugars Limited 1212, Trichy Road, Coimbatore - 641018

We have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to Good Corporate Practices by M/s. Bannari Amman Sugars Limited (hereinafter called the 'Company'). Secretarial Audit  was  conducted  in  a  manner  that  provided  us  a  reasonable  basis  for  evaluating  the  corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.

Based on our verification of the Company's books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives during the conduct of Secretarial Audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, st during  the  audit  period  covering  the  financial  year  ended  on  31   March,  2022  complied  with  the  statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board processes and compliance mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:

We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the st Company for the financial year ended on 31   March, 2022 according to the provisions of:

- i) The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules made thereunder;
2. ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 ('SCRA') and the rules made thereunder;
3. iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder;
4. iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings. - Not Applicable.
- v) The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 ('SEBI Act') :-
- a) The  Securities  and  Exchange  Board  of  India  (Substantial  Acquisition  of  Shares  and  Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;
- b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
- c) The  Securities  and  Exchange  Board  of  India  (Registrars  to  an  Issue  and  Share  Transfer  Agents) Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client;
- d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2018 and its amendment from time to time.
10. vi) and other laws applicable to the Company viz.,:-
1. Essential Commodities Act, 1955
2. Sugarcane (Control) Order, 1966
3. Sugar Cess Act, 1982

<!-- image -->

4. Sugar Development Fund Act, 1982
5. Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006
6. The Boiler Act, 1923
7. The Electricity Act, 2003
8. The Legal Metrology Act, 2011
9. Karnataka Sugar Cane (Regulation of Purchase and Supply) Act, 2013

As per the information and explanation provided by the management and officers of the Company and also on verification of reports and certificates of professionals, we report that the adequate systems are in place to monitor and ensure compliance of Laws relating to Direct and Indirect Taxes and Labour and other Legislations.

We have also examined compliance with the applicable Regulations issued by the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute  of  Company Secretaries of India.

During  the  year  under  review  the  Company  has  complied  with  all  the  applicable  Acts,  Rules,  Regulations, Guidelines, Standards, etc. including the laws mentioned above.

We further report that the Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors, Independent Directors and a Woman Director. There were no changes in the composition of the Board of Directors during the period under review.

Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent at least seven days in advance and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting.

We further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the company commensurate with the size and operations  of  the  company  to  monitor  and  ensure  compliance  with  applicable  laws,  rules,  regulations  and guidelines:-

As informed the Company has responded appropriately to notices received from various Statutory or Regulatory authorities wherever found necessary.

All decisions at the Board Meetings and Committee Meetings are carried out unanimously as recorded in the Minutes of the Meetings of the Board of the Directors or Committee of the Board as the case may be.

We further report that during the audit period there were no instances of:

- a) Public/Rights/Preferential Issue of shares/Debentures/Sweat Equity
- b) Redemption/Buy Back of Securities
- c) Merger / Amalgamation / reconstruction etc
- d) Foreign Technical Collaboration

This report is to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this  report.

For M/s C Thirumurthy &amp; Associates C Thirumurthy B Com BL FCS Practising Company Secretary

FCS 3454 CP 5179 UDIN: F003454D000422831

<!-- image -->

Place : Coimbatore

Date  : 30.05.2022

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Annexure - A

To

The Members Bannari Amman Sugars Limited 1212, Trichy Road Coimbatore - 641018

Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter:

1. Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is  to  express  an  opinion  on  these  secretarial  records  based  on  our  audit.
2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the company.
4. We have obtained, wherever required, the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening of events etc.
5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Place : Coimbatore

Date  : 30.05.2022

For M/s C Thirumurthy &amp; Associates C Thirumurthy B Com BL FCS Practising Company Secretary FCS 3454 CP 5179

UDIN: F003454D000422831

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

To

The Members of Bannari Amman Sugars Limited Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements

## Opinion

1. We have audited the accompanying financial statements of Bannari Amman Sugars Limited ("the Company"), which comprise the Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2022, and the Statement of Profit and Loss (including Other Comprehensive Income), Statement of Changes in Equity and Statement of Cash Flows for the year then ended on that date and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information.
2. In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid financial statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 ("the Act") in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards prescribed under section 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended, ("Ind AS") and other accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the Company as at March 31, 2022, the profit including other comprehensive income, the changes in equity and its cash flows for the year ended on that date.

## Basis for Opinion

3. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements under the provisions of the Act, and the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and  the  ICAI's  Code  of  Ethics.  We  believe  that  the  audit  evidence  we  have  obtained  is  sufficient  and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Key Audit Matters

4. Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

We have determined the matter described below to be the key audit matter to be communicated in our report.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED

| Determination  of  net  realizable  value  of  inventory of sugar as at the year ended March  31, 2022  (Refer  to  the  accompanying  Note  No.7  forming  integral part of the Financial Statements)  As on March 31, 2022, the Company has inventory  of sugar with the carrying value of  `  83857.50 lakhs.  The  inventory  of  sugar  is  valued  at  the  lower  of  Weighted Average cost and net realizable value.  We considered the value of the inventory of sugar as  a  key  audit  matter  given  the  relative  size  of  the  balance in the financial statements and significant  judgement involved in the consideration of factors  such  as  minimum  sale  price,  monthly  quota,  fluctuation  in  selling  prices  and  the  related  notifications of the Government in determination of  net realizable value.  Determination  of  credit  risk  of  Trade  receivables as at the year ended   March 31,  2022  (Refer  to  the  accompanying  Note  No.8  forming  integral part of the Financial Statements)  As  on  March  31,  2022,  the  Company  has  trade  receivable of  `  34555.55 Lakhs.  We considered the value of Trade Receivable as a  key audit matter given the relative size of the balance  in the financial statements and significant increase  compared with the previous year.  Sl.  No.  4.1  4.2  Description of Key Audit Matter  ## Description of Auditor's Response  We  understood  and  tested  the  design  and  operating effectiveness of controls as established  by  the  management  in  determination  of  net  realizable value of inventory of sugar.  We  considered  various  factors  including  the actual selling price prevailing around and subsequent  to  the  year  end,  minimum  selling price &amp; monthly quota and other notifications of the Government of India, initiatives taken by the Government with respect to sugar industry as a whole.  Based on the above procedures performed, the management's  determination  of  cost  and  net realizable value of the inventory of sugar as at the year-end is considered to be reasonable.  We verified and tested the design and operative  effectiveness of internal controls established by  the management.  We verified various factors including the terms of  agreement  with  respect  to  trade  receivables,  historical trends of collection of receivables and  estimation of credit risk.  Based on the above procedures performed, the  management's  estimation  of  credit  risk  is  considered to be reasonable.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Information other than the Financial Statements and Auditor's Report thereon

5. The Company's Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation of the other information. The other information comprises the Management Discussion and Analysis, Board's Report including Annexures to Board's Report, Corporate Governance and Shareholder's Information, but does not include the financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.
6. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

<!-- image -->

7. In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. Based on the work we have performed on other information, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement, if any, of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Financial Statements

8. The Company's Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act with respect to the preparation of these financial statements that give a true and fair view of the financial position, financial performance (including other comprehensive income), changes in equity and cash flows of the Company in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, including the Ind AS. This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection  and  application  of  appropriate  accounting  policies;  making  judgments  and  estimates  that  are reasonable  and  prudent;  and  design,  implementation  and  maintenance  of  adequate  internal  financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
9. In preparing the financial statements, the Board of Directors is responsible for assessing the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Board of Directors either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
10. Those Board of Directors is also responsible for overseeing the Company's financial reporting process.

## Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

11. Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
12. As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
- a) Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient  and  appropriate  to  provide  a  basis  for  our  opinion.  The  risk  of  not  detecting  a  material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- b) Obtain an understanding of internal controls relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the Company has adequate internal financial controls system in place and the operating effectiveness of such controls.
- c) Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.

<!-- image -->

## BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED

- d) Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
- e) Evaluate  the  overall  presentation,  structure  and  content  of  the  financial  statements,  including  the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
13. We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
14. We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
15. From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about  the  matter  or  when,  in  extremely  rare  circumstances,  we  determine  that  a  matter  should  not  be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

## Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements

16. As  required  by  the  Companies  (Auditor's  Report)  Order,  2020  ("the  Order"),  issued  by  the  Central Government of India in terms of sub-section (11) of section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013, we give in the "Annexure A" a statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order.
17. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report that:
- a) We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit.
- b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as it appears from our examination of those books.
- c) The  Balance  Sheet,  the  Statement  of  Profit  and  Loss  (including  Other  Comprehensive  Income),  the Statement of Changes in Equity and the Cash Flow Statement dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the books of account.
- d) In our opinion, the aforesaid financial statements comply with the Indian Accounting Standards specified under Section 133 of the Act, read with Companies (Indian Accounting Standard) Rules, 2015 as amended.
- e) On the basis of the written representations received from the directors as on March 31, 2022 taken on record by the Board of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as on March 31, 2022 from being appointed as a director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act.
- f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls over financial reporting of the Company and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in "Annexure B".

Place : Coimbatore

Date  : 30.05.2022

<!-- image -->

- g) With respect to the matter to be included in the Auditors' Report under Section 197(16) of the Act: In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the remuneration paid by the Company to its directors during the year is in accordance with the provisions of Section 197 of the Act.
- h) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor's Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us:
- i) The Company has disclosed the impact of pending litigations on its financial position in its financial statements - Refer Note No.40 to the financial statements;
4. ii) The Company did not have any long-term contracts including derivative contracts for which there were any material foreseeable losses;
5. iii) There has been no delay in transferring amounts required to be transferred to the Investor Education and Protection Fund by the Company.
6. iv) a) The management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Company to or in any other persons or entities, including foreign  entities  ("Intermediaries")  with  the  understanding,  whether  recorded  in  writing  or otherwise,  that  the  Intermediary  shall  whether  directly  or  indirectly  lend  or  invest  in  other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever ("Ultimate Beneficiaries") by or on behalf of the Company or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
- b) The management has represented, that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds have been received by the Company from any persons or entities, including foreign entities ("Funding Parties"), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Company shall whether directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever ("Ultimate Beneficiaries") by or on behalf of the Funding Party or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries; and
- c) Based  on  such  audit  procedures  as  considered  reasonable  and  appropriate  in  the circumstances,  nothing  has  come  to  our  notice  that  has  caused  us  to  believe  that  the representations under subclause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11 contain any material mis-statement.
- v) The dividend declared or paid during the year by the Company relating to financial year 2020-21 is in compliance with Section 123 of the Act.

For P K NAGARAJAN &amp; Co.,

Firm Reg. No: 016676S Chartered Accountants

VIGNESA SOMATHURAI PANDIAN Partner M.No. 241168 UDIN:22241168AJXDRM2833

<!-- image -->

## BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED

## Annexure - A to the Independent Auditors' Report

Referred to in paragraph 16 of the Independent Auditor's Report of even date to the members of Bannari Amman Sugars Limited on the financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2022

- i. a) A) The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars, including quantitative details and situation of property, plant and equipment.
- B) The Company does not hold any intangible assets and hence reporting under this clause is not applicable.
- b) The Company has physically verified property, plant and equipment in regular intervals during the year and no material discrepancies were noticed on such verification. In our opinion, this periodicity of physical verification  is  reasonable  having  regard  to  the  size  of  the  Company  and  the  nature  of  its property, plant and equipment.
- c) In  our  opinion  and according to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of examination of the records of the company the title deeds of immovable properties are held in the name of the company. In respect of immovable properties taken on lease and disclosed as right-of-use assets in the financial statements, the lease agreements are in the name of the company.
- d) The Company has not revalued its property, plant and equipment (including right of use assets) during the year.
- e) According to the information and explanations given to us, no proceedings have been initiated or are pending  against  the  company  for  holding  any  benami  property  under  the  Benami  Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and rules made thereunder.
- ii. a) The inventory has been physically verified by the management at reasonable intervals during the year. In our  opinion,  the  coverage  and  procedure  of  such  verification  by  management  is  appropriate.  No discrepancies of 10% or more in the aggregate for each class of inventory were noticed as compared to book records.
- b) The Company has been sanctioned working capital limit in excess of Rupees Five Crores in aggregate during the year from banks on the basis of security of current assets. The Quarterly statements filed by the company with the banks are not in agreement with the books of accounts of the company and the details of the same are given in paragraph (ix) of Note No. 56 to the Financial Statements.
- iii. In  our  opinion  and  according  to  the  information  and  explanations  given  to  us  and  on  the  basis  of  our examination of the books of account, during the year, the Company has not made any investments in, provided any guarantee or security, granted any loans secured or unsecured to companies, firms, limited liability partnerships or other parties. Accordingly, the reporting under paragraph 3(iii) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
- iv. In our opinion and according to the information and the explanations given to us, the Company has not granted any loans or provided any guarantees or securities to the parties covered under the section 185 of the Act. The Company has complied with the provisions of section 186 of the Act in respect of investments made or loans or guarantee or security provided.

<!-- image -->

- v. According to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not accepted any deposits or amounts which are deemed to be deposits within the meaning of provisions of sections 73 to 76 or any other relevant provisions of the Act and the Rules framed thereunder. Accordingly, reporting under paragraph 3(v) is not applicable to the Company.
- vi. As per the information and explanations given by the management, maintenance of cost records has been prescribed by the Central Government and we are of the opinion that the prescribed accounts and records have been made and maintained under section 148(1) of the Act, by the company.
- vii. a) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records  of  the  Company,  the  undisputed  statutory  dues  including  Provident  Fund,  Employee's  State Insurance, Income tax, Goods and Service Tax, duty of customs, duty of excise, and any other material statutory dues, as applicable, have been regularly deposited during the year by the Company with the appropriate authorities. Consequently, there were no undisputed dues outstanding as at March 31, 2022 for a period of more than six months from the date they became payable.
- b) According to the information and explanations given to us, the details of statutory dues referred to in subclause (a) which have not been deposited as on March 31, 2022 on account of disputed dues are given below :
- viii. According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the books of account,  there  were  no  transactions  relating  to  previously  unrecorded  income  that  were  surrendered  or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961).
- ix. a) According to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not defaulted in repayment of dues to any lender during the year. The company has not issued any debentures.
- b) According to the information and explanations given to us, the company has not been declared as willful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or other lender.
- c) According to the information and explanations given to us, the term loans availed during the year have been applied for the purposes for which those were obtained.
- d) According to the information and explanations given to us and based on our overall examination of Financial Statements of the Company, the funds raised on short term basis by the company during the year have not been utilized for long term purposes.
- e) The Company does not have any subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures. Accordingly, the provisions of paragraph 3(ix)(e) and 3(ix)(f) of the Order are not applicable to the Company.

| Commissioner of  1  Income Tax Act, 1961  Income Tax  98.73  AY 2017-18  Income Tax,  Appeals.  Sl.  No.  Name of the Statute  Nature of  Dues  Amount  Disputed  (  `  in Lakhs)  Period to  which demand  relates  Forum where  dispute is  pending   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED

- x. a) The Company has not raised any money by way of Initial Public Offer or further public offer (including Debt instruments) during the year.
- b) According to the information and explanations given to us and based on our examination of the records, the Company has not made any preferential allotment or private placement of shares or convertible debentures (fully, partially or optionally convertible) during the year under review.

Accordingly, the reporting under paragraph 3(x) of the Order is not applicable.

- xi. a) According to the information and explanations given to us, no fraud by the Company or any fraud on the Company has been noticed or reported during the year.
- b) According to the information and explanations given to us, no report under Section 143 (12) of the Companies Act has been filed in Form ADT-4 as prescribed under Rule 13 of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules 2014 with the Central Government during the year and up to the date of this report.
- c) According to the information and explanations given to us, the company has not received any whistle blower complaints during the year. Accordingly, the reporting under paragraph 3(xi) of the Order is not applicable.
- xii. In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company is not a Nidhi Company. Accordingly, reporting under paragraph 3(xii) of the Order is not applicable.
- xiii. According to the information and explanations given to us and based on our examination of the records of the Company, transactions with the related parties are in compliance with sections 177 and 188 of the Act. The details of such related party transactions have been disclosed in the financial statements as required by the applicable Indian Accounting Standards.
- xiv. a) According to the information and explanations given to us, the company has an internal audit system commensurate with the size and nature of its business.
- b) The Reports of the Internal Auditors issued till the date of the audit report for the period under audit were considered by us.
- xv. According to the information and explanations given to us and based on our examination of the records, the Company has not entered into non-cash transactions with the directors or persons connected with them and hence provisions of Section 192 of the act are not applicable to the Company.
- xvi. a) The Company is not required to be registered under section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. Accordingly, the paragraph 3(xvi) (a) of the Order is not applicable.
- b) The Company has not conducted any Non-Banking Financial or Housing Finance activities without a valid certificate of registration (CoR) from Reserve Bank of India as per Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. Accordingly, the paragraph 3(xvi) (b) of the Order is not applicable.
- c) The Company is not a Core Investment Company (CIC) as defined in the regulations made by the Reserve Bank of India. Accordingly, the paragraph 3(xvi) (c) of the Order is not applicable.

Place : Coimbatore

Date  : 30.05.2022

<!-- image -->

- d) There is no core investment company within the Group (as defined in the Core Investment Companies (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2016). Accordingly, the paragraph 3(xvi) (d) of the Order is not applicable.
- xvii. The Company has not incurred any cash losses in the financial year and the immediately preceding financial year. Accordingly, the reporting under paragraph 3(xvii) of the Order is not applicable.

xviii. There has not been any resignation of the Statutory Auditors during the year.

- xix. According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected  dates  of  realization  of  financial  assets  and  payment  of  financial  liabilities,  other  information accompanying the financial statements, our knowledge of the Board of Directors and management plans, we are of the opinion that no material uncertainty exists as on the date of the audit report and that the company is capable of meeting its liabilities existing at the date of balance sheet as and when they fall due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date. We, however, state that this is not an assurance as to the future viability of the company. We further state that our reporting is based on the facts up to the date of the audit report and we neither give any guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities falling due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date, will get discharged by the company as and when they fall due.
- xx. According to the information and explanations given to us and based on our examination of the records, the company has spent the amount required to be spent as stipulated in section 135 of the act and does not have any ongoing projects under section 135(5) of the act. Hence the company does not have any ongoing projects and unspent amount which requires to be transferred to fund or special account as per section 135(5) and 135(6) of the Act. Accordingly, the provision of paragraph 3(xx) of the order is not applicable.
- xxi. The Company does not have any subsidiary or associates. Accordingly, the reporting under paragraph 3(xxi) of the Order is not applicable.

For P K NAGARAJAN &amp; Co., Firm Reg. No: 016676S Chartered Accountants

VIGNESA SOMATHURAI PANDIAN Partner M.No. 241168 UDIN:22241168AJXDRM2833

<!-- image -->

## BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED

## Annexure - B to the Independent Auditors' Report

Referred to in paragraph 17(f) of the Independent Auditor's Report of even date to the members of Bannari Amman Sugars Limited on the financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2022.

## Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 ('the Act')

- We have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting of Bannari Amman Sugars Limited ("the Company") as of March 31, 2022 in conjunction with our audit of the financial Statements of the Company for the year ended on that date. 1.

## Management's Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls

- The Company's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India ('ICAI'). These responsibilities include  the  design,  implementation  and  maintenance  of  adequate  internal  financial  controls  that  were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to company's policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy  and  completeness  of  the  accounting  records,  and  the  timely  preparation  of  reliable  financial information, as required under the Act. 2.

## Auditor's Responsibility

- Our responsibility  is  to  express  an  opinion  on  the  Company's  internal  financial  controls  over  financial reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting (the "Guidance Note") and the Standards on Auditing, issued by ICAI and deemed to be prescribed under section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, both applicable to an audit of Internal Financial Controls and, both issued by the ICAI. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls over financial reporting was established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects. 3.
- Our audit involves  performing  procedures  to  obtain  audit  evidence  about  the  adequacy  of  the  internal financial controls system over financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor's judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. 4.

Place : Coimbatore

Date  : 30.05.2022

<!-- image -->

5. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the Company's internal financial controls system over financial reporting.

## Meaning of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting

6. A company's internal financial control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external  purposes  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles.  A  company's  internal financial control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:
- a) pertain  to  the  maintenance  of  records  that,  in  reasonable  detail,  accurately  and  fairly  reflect  the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;
- b) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorization of management and directors of the company; and
- c) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements

## Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting

7. Because  of  the  inherent  limitations  of  internal  financial  controls  over  financial  reporting,  including  the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial control over financial reporting may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

## Opinion

In our opinion, the Company has, in all material respects, an adequate internal financial controls system over financial reporting and such internal financial controls over financial reporting were operating effectively as at March 31, 2022, based on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the ICAI.

For P K NAGARAJAN &amp; Co., Firm Reg. No: 016676S Chartered Accountants

VIGNESA SOMATHURAI PANDIAN Partner M.No. 241168 UDIN:22241168AJXDRM2833

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED

## BALANCE SHEET AS AT 31.03.2022

( ` in Lakhs)

| PARTICULARS  As at 31.03.2022  As at 31.03.2021  Details  Total  Details  Total  SI No  Note  No.  I.  ASSETS  1) NON- CURRENT ASSETS  a)  Property, Plant and Equipment  104782.46  95253.94  2  b)  Capital Work in Progress  6080.79  14513.73  c)  Right-of-use Assets  3  62.12  61.67  d)  Biological Assets  4  43.67  45.78  e)  Financial Assets - Investments  5  121.81  95.53  f)  Other Non-Current Assets  6  2910.08  3061.61  114000.93  113032.26  2) CURRENT ASSETS  a)  Inventories  7  100570.38  99550.36  b)  Financial Assets  i)  Trade Receivables  8  34555.55  16076.09  ii)  Cash and Cash Equivalents  9  284.33  320.16  iii)  Bank Balance other than Cash and  Cash Equivalents  10  60.82  64.07  iv)  Loans  11  95.58  85.44  v)  Other Financial Assets  12  701.96  4953.74  c)  Other Current Assets  13  6582.83  4955.22  142851.45  126005.08  TOTAL  ASSETS  256852.38  239037.34  II.  EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  EQUITY  a)  Equity Share Capital  14  1253.97  1253.97  b)  Other Equity  15  141085.89  134354.49  142339.86  135608.46  LIABILITIES  1) NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES  a)  Financial Liabilities  i)  Borrowings  16  12368.40  16914.92  ii)  Lease Liabilities  17  39.16  37.62  iii)  Other Financial Liabilities  18  617.49  562.55  b)  Provisions  19  447.58  443.94  c)  Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net)  20  3081.02  1134.01  16553.65  19093.04  2)  CURRENT LIABILITIES  a)  Financial Liabilities  i)  Borrowings  21  83627.91  70185.79  ii)  Lease Liabilities  22  27.85  27.95  iii)  Trade payables  a)  Outstanding dues of Micro and Small Enterprise  97.75  100.53  23  b)  Outstanding dues of other than (iii) (a) above  8569.61  5869.03  iv)  Other Financial Liabilities  24  1949.58  1692.01  b)  Other Current Liabilities  25  2789.27  5480.15  c)  Provisions  26  655.61  631.67  d)  Current Tax Liabilities (Net)  27  241.29  348.71  97958.87  84335.84  TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  256852.38  239037.34   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Significant Accounting Policies

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements

As per our report of even date attached

For P K NAGARAJAN &amp; Co.,

Chartered Accountants - Firm Regn. No: 016676S

Partner M No 241168 VIGNESA SOMATHURAI PANDIAN

Place

: Coimbatore

Date

: 30.05.2022

<!-- image -->

1

S V BALASUBRAMANIAM

Chairman DIN 00002405

C PALANISWAMY Company Secretary

B SARAVANAN Managing Director DIN 00002927

M RAMPRABHU Chief Financial Officer

For P K NAGARAJAN &amp; Co.,

Chartered Accountants - Firm Regn. No: 016676S

Partner M No 241168 VIGNESA SOMATHURAI PANDIAN

Place

: Coimbatore

Date

: 30.05.2022

<!-- image -->

## STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31.03.2022

( ` in Lakhs)

| PARTICULARS  Year ended 31.03.2022  Year ended 31.03.2021  Details  Total  Details  Total  SI No  I  INCOME :  Revenue from Operations  199808.99  156275.77  Other Income  29  555.06  902.19  TOTAL INCOME  200364.05  157177.96  II  EXPENSES :  Cost of Materials Consumed  30  146096.07  111434.32  Purchase of Stock-in-Trade  31  243.41  357.72  Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods and  Work-in-Progress  32  (377.90)  (3171.66)  Employee Benefits Expense  33  11656.57  11236.31  Finance Costs  34  3141.89  3934.26  Depreciation and Amortisation Expense  35  6785.67  6572.13  Other Expenses  36  20645.41  15361.29  TOTAL EXPENSES  188191.12  145724.37  III  PROFIT BEFORE EXCEPTIONAL ITEMS AND TAX  (I- II)  12172.93  11453.59  IV  Exceptional Items  -  -  V  PROFIT BEFORE TAX (III - IV)  12172.93  11453.59  VI  Tax Expenses:  a.  Current Tax  2220.53  2088.32  55  b.  Deferred Tax  1954.01  151.27  4174.54  2239.59  VII  PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD  (V - VI)  7998.39  9214.00  VIII  OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss  i)  Remeasurement of the defined benefit plans  (46.30)  191.89  ii)  Equity Instruments through Other Comprehensive Income  26.29  29.51  iii) Income Tax on Other Comprehensive Income  6.99  (66.46)  (13.02)  154.94  IX  TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE PERIOD (VII + VIII)  7985.37  9368.94  X  EARNINGS PER SHARE -  BASIC AND DILUTED  (  `  )  44  63.78  73.48  28  Note  No.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Significant Accounting Policies

1

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements As per our report of even date attached

S V BALASUBRAMANIAM

Chairman DIN 00002405

C PALANISWAMY Company Secretary

B SARAVANAN Managing Director DIN 00002927

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED

## STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

## FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31.03.2022

## A.    Equity Share Capital

S V BALASUBRAMANIAM

Chairman DIN 00002405

C PALANISWAMY

Company Secretary

( in Lakhs) `

| 31.03.2022  1253.97  -  1253.97  31.03.2021  1253.97  -  1253.97  Year Ended  Balance at the  beginning of  the reporting  period  Balance at the  end of the  reporting period  Changes during  the year   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## B.    Other Equity

| Securities  Premium  Capital  Reserve  Capital  redemption  Reserve  Defined  benefit  obligation  General  Reserve  Equity  Instruments  Retained  earnings  Total  Reserves and Surplus  Particulars  Balance as at 01.04.2021  756.25  8503.35  1846.00  119744.81  3499.06  42.26  (37.24)  134354.49  Movements during the year  ended 31.03.2022  Total Comprehensive Income  for the year  7998.39  17.10  (30.12)  7985.37  Dividend  (1253.97)  (1253.97)  Transfer to General Reserve  7500.00  (7500.00)  Balance as at 31.03.2022  756.25  8503.35  1846.00  127244.81  2743.48  59.36  (67.36)  141085.89  Balance as at 01.04.2020  756.25  8503.35  1846.00  112244.81  3039.03  23.06  (172.98)  126239.52  Movements during the year  ended 31.03.2021  Total Comprehensive Income  for the year  9214.00  19.20  135.74  9368.94  Dividend  (1253.97)  (1253.97)  Transfer to General Reserve  7500.00  (7500.00)  Balance as at 31.03.2021  756.25  8503.35  1846.00  119744.81  3499.06  42.26  (37.24)  134354.49  Other  Comprehensive Income   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As per our report of even date attached

For P K NAGARAJAN &amp; Co., Chartered Accountants Firm Regn. No: 016676S

## VIGNESA SOMATHURAI PANDIAN

Partner

M No 241168

Place

: Coimbatore

Date

: 30.05.2022

<!-- image -->

( in Lakhs) `

B SARAVANAN Managing Director DIN 00002927

M RAMPRABHU Chief Financial Officer

<!-- image -->

## STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31.03.2022

( in lakhs) `

| PARTICULARS  Year ended  31.03.2022  Year ended  31.03.2021  A. OPERATING ACTIVITIES :  Profit Before Tax  12172.93  11453.59  Adjustments for :  Depreciation and Amortisation Expense  6785.67  6572.13  Finance costs  3141.89  3934.26  Loss on Sale of Property, Plant and Equipment  263.54  46.86  Interest Income  (227.17)  (152.08)  Dividend Income  (0.51)  (0.51)  Provision for Expected Credit Loss  565.60  212.28  Profit on sale of  Property, Plant and Equipment  (7.69)  (384.60)  10521.33  10228.34  Operating Profit before Working Capital Changes  22694.26  21681.93  Adjustments/Changes in Working Capital :  Inventories  (1020.02)  (3536.14)  Trade Receivables  (19045.06)  2651.77  Other Financial Assets  4241.64  5328.60  Other Current and Non-Current Assets  (1430.17)  (430.06)  Trade Payables  2697.80  (193.63)  Other Financial Liabilities  127.70  1560.15  Other Current and Non-Current Liabilities  (2690.88)  (1744.40)  Provisions  (18.72)  (66.70)  (17137.71)  3569.59  Cash Generated from / (used in) Operations  5556.55  25251.52  Less : Income Tax paid (Net of Refund)  2335.60  1675.74  Net Cash from / (used in) Operating Activities  3220.95  23575.78   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED

## STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31.03.2022 (Contd.,)

( in lakhs) `

| PARTICULARS  Year ended  31.03.2022  Year ended  31.03.2021  B. INVESTING ACTIVITIES :  Purchase of Property, Plant and Equipment  (7793.23)  (6892.95)  Sale of Property, Plant and Equipment  42.23  636.70  Interest Received  227.17  152.08  Dividend Received  0.51  0.51  Net Cash from / (used in) Investing Activities  (7523.32)  (6103.66)  C. FINANCING ACTIVITIES :  Proceeds from/(Repayment of) Non-Current Borrowings (net)  (3092.12)  (7703.06)  Proceeds from/(Repayment of) Current Borrowings (net)  11987.72  (4768.24)  Finance Costs paid  (3341.89)  (4165.66)  Payment of Lease Liabilities (Ind AS 116)  (33.20)  (33.20)  Dividend Paid  (1253.97)  (1253.97)  Net Cash from/(used in) Financing Activities  4266.54  (17924.13)  Net Increase/(decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents (A+B+C)  (35.83)  (452.01)  Reconciliation :  Opening Cash and Cash Equivalents  320.16  772.17  Closing Cash and Cash Equivalents  284.33  320.16  Net Increase/(Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents  (35.83)  (452.01)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As per our report of even date attached

S V BALASUBRAMANIAM

Chairman DIN 00002405

B SARAVANAN Managing Director DIN 00002927

M RAMPRABHU Chief Financial Officer

For P K NAGARAJAN &amp; Co.,

Chartered Accountants Firm Regn. No: 016676S

Partner VIGNESA SOMATHURAI PANDIAN

M No 241168

C PALANISWAMY Company Secretary

Place

: Coimbatore

Date

: 30.05.2022

<!-- image -->

## BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED

## Notes forming part of the Financial Statements for the year ended 31.03.2022 NOTE 1:

## Statement of Significant Accounting Policies followed by the Company

## COMPANY  BACKGROUND

Bannari  Amman  Sugars  Limited  (the  'Company')  is  a Public Limited Company domiciled and incorporated in India  under  the  Companies  Act,  1956.  The  registered office of the Company is located at 1212 Trichy Road, Coimbatore  641  018.  The  Company  has  five  sugar factories  with  aggregate  capacity  of  23700  MT  of sugarcane crushing per day and 129.80 MW of Cogen Power.  It  has  two  distillery  units  with  the  aggregate production  capacity  of  217.50  KLPD  besides  having Agrinatural fertilizer and Granite processing units. The Company has Seven Wind Mills with a total capacity of  8.75  MW.  The  company's  Shares  are  listed  in BSE and NSE.

## a) Basis of Preparation

## i) Compliance with IND AS

The financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with the Indian Accounting Standards (hereinafter referred to as the 'Ind AS') notified  under  Section  133  of  the  Companies  Act 2013  (the  Act)  read  with  the  Companies  (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 as amended and other relevant provisions of the Act.

The accounting policies are applied consistently to all the periods presented in the financial statements.

## ii) Historical Cost Convention

The financial statements have been prepared on a historical  cost  basis,  except  for  certain  financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value at the end of the each reporting period.

Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of consideration  given  in  exchange  of  goods  and services.  Fair  Value  is  the  price  that  would  be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. The fair value of an asset or liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their best economic interest.

Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these financial statement is determined on such basis except for leasing transactions that are within the scope of Ind AS 116 and measurements that  have  similarities  to  fair  value  but  are  not  fair value,  such  as  net  realizable  value  in  Ind  AS  2 (Inventories) or value in use in Ind AS 36 (Impairment of Assets).

## iii) Current and Non - Current Classification

All  assets  and  liabilities  have  been  classified  as current or non current as per the Company's normal operating  cycle  and  other  criteria  set  out  in  the Schedule III to the Companies Act 2013.

Deferred Tax assets and liabilities are classified as Non-current assets and liabilities.

The operating cycle is the time between the acquisition of assets for processing and their realisation in cash and cash equivalents. The company  has identified Twelve months as its operating cycle.

## iv) Rounding of amounts

All amounts disclosed in the financial statements and notes have been rounded off to the nearest lakhs as per the requirement of Schedule III, unless otherwise stated.

## b) Use of Estimates and Judgements

The estimates and judgements used in the preparation of the financial statements are

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED

continuously  evaluated  by  the  Company  and  are based  on  historical  experience  and  various  other assumptions and factors (including expectations of future  events)  that  the  company  believes  to  be reasonable under the existing circumstances. Differences between actual results and estimates are recognised  in  the  period  in  which  the  results  are known/materialised.

The said estimates are based on the facts and events, that existed as at the reporting date, or that occured after the date but provide additional evidence about conditions existing as at the reporting date.

## c) Property, Plant and Equipment

Property,  Plant  and  Equipment  that  qualifies  for recognition as an asset is measured at cost net of tax / duty credit availed less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any. The Cost includes deemed cost as on the date of transition. Freehold land is not depreciated.

Cost includes related taxes, duties, freight, insurance etc.,  attributable  to  acquisition  and  installation  of assets and borrowing cost incurred up to the date of commencing  operations,  but  excludes  duties  and taxes that are recoverable from taxing authorities.

Subsequent cost are included in the asset's carrying amount  or  recognised  as  a  separate  asset,  as appropriate,  only  when  it  is  probable  that  future economic benefit associated with the item will flow to the  company  and  the  cost  of  the  item  can  be measured  reliably.  The  carrying  amount  of  any component  accounted  for  as  a  separate  asset  is derecognised when replaced. Cost in the nature of repairs  and  maintenance  are  recognised  in  the Statement  of  Profit  and  Loss  during  the  reporting period in which they are incurred.

Assets which are not ready for their intended use and other capital work in progress are carried at cost, comprising direct cost, related incidental expenses and  attributable  interest.  Advances  given  towards acquisition of Property, Plant and Equipment outstanding at each balance sheet date are disclosed as  Capital  Advances  under  Other  Non-Current Assets.

## Depreciation

Straight line method has been adopted for providing  depreciation  on  fixed  assets  other  than Co-Generation  Division  and  Wind  Mill  Division. For the assets of Co-Generation Division and Wind Mill Division, depreciation has been provided under written down value method. The assets are depreciated  over  the  useful  life  as  prescribed  in Schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013. Depreciation on additions / deletions on Property, Plant and Equipment is computed on pro-rata basis from the date of purchase of such addition or upto the date of such deletion as the case may be. The residual values are not more than 5% of the original cost of the asset. The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting  period,  with  the  effect  of  changes  in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

## Derecognition

The carrying amount of an item of Property, Plant and Equipment  shall  be  derecognised  on  disposal  or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. The gain or loss arising from the derecognition  of  an  item  of  property,  plant  and equipment  shall  be  determined  as  the  difference between the net disposal proceeds, if any, and the carrying amount of the item. The same is recognised in the statement of profit and loss.

## d) Impairment of Non financial Assets

Non financial assets are tested for impairment at the end of each reporting period as to whether events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is  recognised  for  the  amount  by  which  the  assets' carrying  amount  exceeds  its  recoverable  amount.

The recoverable amount is higher of an  assets' fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. For the purpose of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at  the  lowest  levels  for  which  there  are  separately identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or group of assets (cash generating units). Non financial assets that suffered an impairment in prior periods are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at the end of the each reporting period.

## e) Derivative financial Instruments

Derivative  financial  instruments  such  as  forward contracts,  to  hedge  its  foreign  currency  risks  are initially  recognised  at  fair  value  on  the  date,  a derivative  contract  is  entered  into.  The  same  is subsequently  remeasured  at  their  fair  value  with changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit and loss in the period when they arise.

## f) Financial Instruments

A Financial Instrument is any contract that give rise to a financial asset of one entity and Finacial Liability or equity instrument of another entity. Financial assets and  financial  liabilities  are  recognised  when  the Company  becomes  a  party  to  the contractual provisons of the instruments.

## Financial Assets

Financial assets are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets (other than financial assets at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets, on initial recognition.

When the  fair  value  of  a  financial  asset  at  initial recognition is different from its transaction price, the difference between the fair value and the transaction price  is  recognised  as  a  gain  or  loss  at  initial recognition if the fair value is determined through a quoted  market  price  in  an  active  market  for  an identical (i.e. level 1 input) or through a valuation

<!-- image -->

technique  that  uses  data  from  observable  markets (i.e.  level  2  input).

In case the fair value is not determined using a level 1 or  2  input  as  mentioned  above,  the  difference between the fair value and the transaction price is deferred appropriately and recognised as a gain or loss only to the extent that such gain or loss arises due to a change in factor that market participants take into account when pricing the financial asset.

## Investment in Equity instruments at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI)

## Initial Recognition

The Company,through an irrevocable election (on an instrument by instrument basis),  has  measured investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI. These equity instruments are neither held for trading nor are contingent consideration recognised under a business combination. These elected investments are initially  measured at fair value plus transaction costs.

## Subsequent measurement

Subsequently, they are measured at fair value with gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income.

## Dividend

Dividend  on  investments  in  equity  instruments  are recognised in profit or loss unless the dividend does not  represent  a  recovery  of  part  of  cost  of  the investment.  Dividend  is  recognised  only  when  the company's right to receive the dividend is established, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the entity and the amount of dividend can be measured reliably. The Company has recognised dividend in Statement of profit  and loss  under 'Other Income' .

## Derecognition

A financial asset is derecognised when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial

<!-- image -->

asset expires or the Company transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset.

If the Company neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset, but retains control of the financial asset,  the  Company  continues  to  recognise  the transferred  asset  to  the  extent  of  its  continuing involvement. The extent of the Company's continuing involvement  in  the  financial  asset  is  the  extent  to which it is exposed to changes in the value of the transferred asset. In such cases, the Company also recognises an associated liability. The financial asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that  reflects  the  rights  and  obligations  that  the Company has retained.

On  derecognition  of  such  financial assets, the cumulative gain / loss previously recognised in Other Comprehensive Income is not reclassified from the equity to the Statement of Profit and Loss.

However, the company may transfer such cumulative gain / loss into the retained earnings within equity.

## Impairment of Financial Asset

The Company applies expected credit loss model for recognising  impairment  loss  on  financial  assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI), trade receivables, lease receivables and other financial assets measured at amortised cost.

The Company follows a simplified approach wherein an amount equal to lifetime expected credit losses is measured and recognised as loss allowance in the case of trade receivables and lease receivables.

In  case  of  financial  assets  measured  at  fair  value through other comprehensive income or at amortised cost, the Company determines if there has been a significant increase in credit risk of the financial asset since  initial  recognition.  If  the  credit  risk  has  not increased significantly, an amount equal to 12 month expected credit losses is measured as loss allowance.

However, if credit risk has increased significantly, an amount  equal  to  lifetime  expected  credit  losses  is measured and recognised as loss allowance.

## Financial Liabilities

## Initial Recognition

Financial  liabilities  are  initially  measured  at  fair value. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the issue of financial liabilities (other than financial liabilities  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss)  are added  to  or  deducted  from  the  fair  value  of  the financial liabilities,  on  initial  recognition.

When the fair value of a financial liabilities at initial recognition is different from its transaction price, the difference between the fair value and the transaction price  is  recognised  as  a  gain  or  loss  at  initial recognition if the fair value is determined through a quoted  market  price  in  an  active  market  for  an identical (i.e. level 1 input) or through a valuation technique  that  uses  data  from  observable  markets (i.e.  level  2  input).

In case the fair value is not determined using a level 1  or  2  input  as  mentioned  above,  the  difference between the fair value and the transaction price is deferred appropriately and recognised as a gain or loss only to the extent that such gain or loss arises due to a change in factor that market participants take into account when pricing the financial liabilities.

## Subsequent measurement

Financial Liabilities  are  subsequently  carried  at amortised  cost  using  the  effective  interest  method, which is subsequently  measured at fair value through profit or loss. For trade and other payables maturing  within  one  year  from  the  Balance  Sheet date, the carrying amounts approximate fair value to the short maturity of these instruments.

## Derecognition

A  financial liability is derecognised when  the obligation specified in the contract is discharged or cancelled  or  expires.  When  an  existing  financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of an

## g)   Valuation of Inventories :

- i) Finished Goods

Sugar

Granite Blocks

Polished Granite Products

Molasses

Bagasse

Alcohol

Agrinatural Fertilizer

Process stock

Raw material, consumables, stores &amp; spares and others

<!-- image -->

existing  financial  liabilty  is  substantially  modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as the extinguishment  of  the  original  liability  and  the recognition of a new financial liability. The difference between the carrying amount of a financial liability extinguished and the consideration paid is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.

Lower of  Weighted Average Cost and Net Realisable value

Lower of Cost and Net Realisable Value

Lower of Weighted Average Cost and Net Realisable value

- ii) The cost of the finished goods and process stock comprises all cost of purchase, cost of conversion, duties and taxes (other than those subsequently recovered from  tax authorities) and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.
- iii) Due allowance is estimated and made for defective and obsolete items wherever necessary.

## h) Fair  value  measurement

The Company measures financial instruments, such as, investments at fair value at each balance sheet date. The Company uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of unobservable inputs

All  assets  and  liabilities  for  which  fair  value  is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised  within  the  fair  value  hierarchy  that categorises into three levels, described as follows, the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure value.

Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilties

Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included in level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly

Level 3: inputs that are unobservable for the asset or liability.

For Assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statement on a recurring basis, the Company determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing the categorisation (based on the lowest

<!-- image -->

-

<!-- image -->

level input that is significant to the fair  value measurement  as  a  whole)  at  the  end  of  each reporting period.

## i) Revenue Recognition

Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised on transfer of control of promised goods or service to a customer at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company is expected to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The company recognises the revenue at the amount of transaction price on the satisfaction of perfomance obligation.  The  Transaction  Price  is  the  amount  of consideration to which the company expects to be entitled  in  exchange  for  transferring  the  promised goods or services to a customer excluding the amount collected on behalf of third parties. The consideration promised in a contract with the customer may include fixed amounts, variable amount or both.

Revenue is recognised only to the extent that is highly probable  that  the  amount  will  not  be  subject  to significant reversal when uncertainty relating to its recognition is resolved.

## Sale of Goods :

Revenue is recognised when the performance obligations  are  satisfied  and  the  control  of  the product  is  transferred,  being  when  the  goods  are delivered as per the relevant terms of the contract at which  point  in  time  the  Company  has  a  right  to payment for the asset, customer has legal title of the asset, customer bears significant risk and rewards of ownership and the customer has accepted the asset or  the  Company  has  objective  evidence  that  all criteria for acceptance have been satisfied. Payment for the sale is made as per the credit terms in the agreements with the customers. The credit period is generally  short  term,  thus  there  is  no  significant financing component.

Revenue is measured based on the transaction price, which is the consideration, net of customer incentives, discounts, variable considerations, payments made to customers, other similar charges, as specified in the contract with the customer. Additionally, revenue excludes taxes collected from customers, which are subsequently remitted to Government authorities.

Export incentives under various schemes are accounted  in  the  year  of  export  at  the  estimated realisable value.

## Sale of Services

The  Company recognises  its  revenue  from  sale  of services  based  on  the  recognition  criteria  that  the outcome of a transaction involving the rendering of services can be estimated reliably.

Stage of completion of transactions is measured by determining the services performed till balance sheet date as a percentage of total services to be performed as  per  the  contract.  The  credit  period  is  generally short  term,  thus  there  is  no  significant  financing component.

## Dividend and Interest Income

Dividend  income  from  investments  is  recognised when the shareholder's right to receive payment has been established (provided that it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the company and the amount of income can be measured reliably).

Interest  income  from  financial  asset  is  recognised when it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the entity and the amount of income can be measured reliably. Interest income is accrued on a time basis, by reference to the principal outstanding and at the effective interest rate applicable, which is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts  through  the  expected  life  of  the  financial assets' net carrying amount on initial recognition.

## Rental Income

Rental  Income  arising  from  operating  leases  are accounted over the lease terms and is recognised in the statement of profit and loss.

## j) Foreign Currency Transactions

The  financial  statements  are  presented  in  Indian Rupee which is company's functional and presentation currency. Foreign currency transactions are recorded at the exchange rate prevailing on the date of the transaction. Exchange differences arising on foreign exchange transaction settled during the year are recognised in the statement of profit and loss.  Foreign  currency  monetary  items  as  at  the balance sheet date are translated using the closing rate. The gain or loss arisng out of these translations are recognized in the statement of profit and loss.

## k) Provisions and Contingencies

Provision is recognised only when there is a present obligation as a result of past event and it is probable that there will be an outflow of resources embodying economic  benefits  to  settle  the  obligation  and  the amount can be reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.

Contingent liabilities are disclosed when there is a possible obligation that may, but probably will not require an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits  or  the  amount  of  obligation  cannot  be measured reliably. When the possible obligation in respect of which the outflow of resources embodying economic benefits is remote, it is not been disclosed as Contingent Liability.

## l) Income Tax

Tax expense is the aggregate amount included in the determination  of  profit  or  loss  for  the  period  in respect of current tax and deferred tax.

## Current Tax

Current tax is the amount of income tax payable  in respect  of  taxable  profit  for  the  year.  The  taxable profit  differs  from  profit  before  tax  as  reported  in Statement  of  Profit  and  Loss  because  of  items  of income or expenses that are taxable or deductible in other  years  and  items  that  are  never  taxable  or deductible  under  the  Income  Tax  Act,  1961.  The Company's current tax is calculated using tax rates

<!-- image -->

that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the  end  of  the  reporting  period  for  the  amount expected to be paid to / recovered from the taxation authorities.

Minimum Alternate Tax (MAT) credit is recognised as deferred tax asset only when and to the extent there is convincing evidence that the sufficient taxable profit will be available against which the MAT credit can be utilised.

## Deferred Tax

Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the financial statement and the corresponding tax bases  used  in  the  computation  of  taxable  profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised on all  temporary  differences.  Deferred  tax  assets  are recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilised. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference  arises  from  the  initial  recognition  of  an asset  or  liability  in  a  transaction  (other  than  a business  combination)  affects  neither  accounting profit nor taxable profit (tax loss).

Deferred  tax  assets  are  recognised  for  the  carry forward of unused tax losses and unused tax credits to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the unused tax losses and unused tax credits can be utilised based on the review at the end of each reporting period by the company considering the likely timing and the level of future taxable profits together with future tax planning strategies.

Deferred tax liabilities and assets are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which  the  liability  is  settled  or  the  asset  realised, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

<!-- image -->

## BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED

The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Company expects, at the end of reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

As per the company's assessment on uncertainty over tax treatment on recognising Income tax with respect to  Appendix C amendment, there are no material uncertainties over tax treatments.

## Presentation of Current and Deferred Tax

Current  and  deferred  tax  is  recognised  in  the statement  of  profit  and  loss  except  to  the  extent  it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In such cases, the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.

The company offsets current tax assets and current tax liabilities, where it is legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amount and where it intends either to settle on a net basis or to realize the assets and settle the liabilities  simultaneously.

In  case  of  deferred  tax  assets  and  deferred  tax liabilities, the company offsets only when they relate to income taxes levied by the same  taxation authorities and it has legally enforceable right to set off  current  tax  assets  against  current  tax  liabilities.

## m) Government grants

Government grants are recognized only when there is  reasonable  assurance  that  the  Company  will comply with the conditions attached to the grants and the grants will be received. Government grant in the nature  of  revenue  has  been  recognized  on  a systematic basis in the statement of profit and loss over the periods necessary to match them with the related costs which they are intended to compensate. The company had accounted for Export benefits in the  year  of  exports  based  on  eligibility  and  when there is no  uncertainty in  receiving  the  same. Government  Grant  is  recognised  either  as  Other Operating  Revenue  or  Other  Income  or  adjusted against the expenses depending upon the nature of the grant.

## n) Employee Benefits Short Term Employee Benefits

All employee benefits payable within twelve months of  rendering  service  are  classified  as  short  term employee benefits and are recognised in the period in which the employee renders the related service. The Company recognises the undiscounted amount of short term employee benefits expected to be paid as  a  liability  after  deducting  the  amount  already paid.

## Post-employment Benefits

The Company operates the following postemployment schemes:

- a) defined  contribution  plans  such  as  provident fund; and
- b) defined benefit plans such as gratuity

## Defined Contribution Plans

Defined  Contribution  Plans  are  Provident  Fund, Employee State Insurance scheme and Government administered Pension Fund scheme for all applicable employees.

The company recognises contribution payable to a defined contribution plan as expenses in the statement  of  profit  and    loss  when  the  employee renders services to the company during the reporting period.  If  the  contribution  payable  for  services received from employee before the reporting date exceeds  the  contribution  already  paid,  the  deficit payable is recognised as a liability after deducting the contribution already paid.

## Defined Benefit Plans Gratuity obligations

The Company operates a defined benefit plan for employees. The Company contributes to a seperate entity (a fund), towards meeting the gratuity obligation.  The  liability  or  asset  recognised  in  the balance sheet in respect of defined benefit gratuity

plans  is  the  present  value  of  the  defined  benefit obligation at the end of the reporting period less the fair value of plan assets. The defined benefit obligation  is  calculated  annually  by  Independent actuaries using the projected unit credit method.

The present value of the defined benefit obligation is determined by discounting the estimated future cash outflows at a predetermined rate of interest based on the market yields at the end of the reporting period on government bonds that have terms approximating to the terms of the related obligation.

Remeasurement gains and losses arising from experience  adjustments  and  changes  in  actuarial assumptions are recognised in the period in which they occur, directly in other comprehensive income.

## Other long-term employee benefit obligations

The liabilities for earned leave which is not expected to be settled wholly within 12 months are measured as the present value of expected future payments to be made  in respect of services provided by employees up to the end of the reporting period using the  projected  unit  credit  method.  The  benefits  are discounted at a predetermined rate of interest based on  yields  on  Government  Bonds  that  have  terms approximating to the terms of the related obligation. Remeasurements as a result of experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.

## o) Operating Segments

Operating  segments  are  identified  in  accordance with the criteria set out in paragraphs 5 to 10 of Ind AS 108 viz. a component of an entity that engages in business  activities  from  which  the  company  earns revenues  and  incur  expenses  and  the  operating results  are  regularly  reviewed  by  the  Board  of Directors  being  entity's  Chief  Operating  Decision Maker (CODM) to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess the performance for which discrete financial information is  available.

<!-- image -->

The operating segments are reported after taken into consideration of aggregation criteria and quantitative threshold as mentioned in Para 12 and 13 of Ind AS 108.

Operating  segments  are  reported  in  a  manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the CODM of the company. The CODM is responsible for allocating the resources and assessing the performance  of  the  operating  segments  of  the company.

## p) Leases

The Company's significant leasing arrangements are operating leases and cancelable in nature.

## Company as Lessor

The  lease  rental  income  under  agreements  are recognised in the statement of profit and loss as per the  terms  of  the  lease.  The  rental  income  from operating lease is generally recognised on a straight line basis over the term of relevant lease. When the rentals are structured solely to increase in line with expected  general  inflation  to  compensate  for  the Company's  expected  inflationary  cost  increases, such increases are recognised in the year in which such  benefits  accrue.    Contingent  rental  income arising  under  operating  leases  are  recognised  as income in the period in which they accrue.

## Company as Lessee

The Company's lease asset classes primarily consists of  leases  for  land  and  building.  The  Company assesses  whether  a  contract  contains  a  lease,  at inception of a contract. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use  of  an  identified  asset  for  a  period  of  time  in exchange  for  consideration.  To  assess  whether  a contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified assets, the Company assesses whether: (i) the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the identified asset through the period of the lease and (ii) the right to direct the use of the asset.

<!-- image -->

## BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED

The Company recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right of-use asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises  the  initial  amount  of  the  lease  liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove  the  underlying  asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less any lease incentives received.

The Right-of-Use-Asset is subsequently measured at cost less any accumulated depreciation thereon.  The right-of-use asset is depreciated using the straightline  method  from  the  commencement  date  to  the earlier of the end of the useful life of the right-of-use asset or the end of the lease term. The estimated useful lives  of  right-of-use  assets  are  determined  on  the same basis as those of property, plant and equipment.  In  addition,  the  right-of-use  asset  is periodically reduced by impairment losses, if any, and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability.

The lease liability is initially measured at amortized cost at the present value of the future lease payments. The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if not readily determinable, using the incremental borrowing rate. Lease l i a bilities are remeasured with a corresponding adjustment to the related Right-of-Use asset  if  the  Company  changes  its  assessment  of whether it will exercise an extension or a termination option.

Lease  liability  and  Right-of-Use  asset  have  been presented in the Balance Sheet and lease payments have been classified as cash flows from financing activities.  The  Interest  expense  and  depreciation relating to Right-of-Use Asset have also been disclosed in the statement of profit and loss.

The Company has elected not to recognise right-ofuse assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases, leases of low-value assets and variable lease payments.  The  Company  recognises  such  lease payments relating to these leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

## q) Cash Flow Statement

Cash flows are reported using the indirect method, whereby profit or loss is adjusted for the effects of transactions  of  non  cash  nature,  any  deferrals  or accruals of past or future cash receipts or payments. The cash flows from operating, investing  and financing activities of the company are segregated based on the available information.

For the purpose  of presentation of cash flow statement, cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, cheques on hand, bank balances, demand deposit  with  banks  where  the  original  maturity  is three months or less and other short term highly liquid investments.

## r) Borrowings

Borrowings are initially recognised at net of transaction  costs  incurred  and  are  subsequently measured at amortised cost.

## s) Borrowing Costs

Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets,  which  are  assets  that  necessarily  take  a substantial  period  of  time  to  get  ready  for  their intended use or sale are added to the cost of those assets. Borrowing costs capitalisation be commenced by the company when (i) incurs expenditure for the asset (ii) incurs borrowing cost (iii) incurs activities that are necessary to prepare the asset for its intended use or sale. All other borrowing costs are recognised as an expense in the statement of  profit  and  loss  in  the  period  in  which  they  are incurred.

## t) Earnings Per Share

Earnings Per Share (EPS) is calculated by dividing the profit  after  tax  and  before  Other  Comprehensive Income (OCI) attributable to equity shareholders by

## BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED

the  weighted  average  number  of  equity  shares outstanding during the period. The weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period and for all periods presented is adjusted for  events,  such  as  bonus  shares,  other  than  the conversion  of  potential  equity  shares,  that  have changed the number of equity shares outstanding, without a corresponding change in resources.

## u) Events occuring after balance sheet date

Where events occurring after the Balance Sheet date provide evidence of conditions that existed at the end of the reporting period, the impact of such events is adjusted within the financial statements. Otherwise, events after the Balance Sheet date of material size or nature are only disclosed.

## v) Recent accounting pronouncements

The Company has complied with the amendments and additional disclosures are given in the notes.

The  significant  amendments  relating  to  Division  II which relate to companies whose financial

<!-- image -->

statements are required to comply with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules 2015 are:

## Balance Sheet:

- i) Disclosure of shareholding of promoters.
2. ii) Ageing  schedule  for  trade  receivables,  trade payables and capital work-in-progress.
3. iii) Lease liabilities separately disclosed under the head  financial  liabilities.
4. iv) Additional regulatory requirement such as compliance with approved schemes of arrangements,  compliance  with  number  of layers of companies, title deeds of immovable property not held in name of company, loans and  advances  to  promoters,  directors,  key managerial personnel (KMP) and related parties, details of benami property held etc.

## Statement of Profit and Loss:

Additional disclosures relating to Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR).

## NOTES FORMING PART OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

<!-- image -->

( in Lakhs) `

## NON-CURRENT ASSETS

## 2     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

## BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED

| Gross Carrying amount  Balance as at 01.04.2020  5461.63  50647.85  84754.65  371.30  1052.14  432.36  142719.93  8968.22  Additions  528.68  264.71  596.10  26.78  253.78  92.53  1762.58  5607.46  Deduction/Adjustments  (234.06)  (33.04)  (36.66)  (23.34)  (1.40)  (328.50)  (61.95)  Balance as at 31.03.2021  5756.25  50879.52  85314.09  398.08  1282.58  523.49  144154.01  14513.73  Additions  79.94  3872.30  12317.73  12.17  280.41  58.09  16620.64  6046.69  Deduction/Adjustments  (7.05)  (5.53)  (551.34)  (10.24)  (0.01)  (574.17)  (14479.63)  Balance as at 31.03.2022  5829.14  54746.29  97080.48  410.25  1552.75  581.57  160200.48  6080.79  Accumulated Depreciation  Balance as at 01.04.2020  --  9724.00  31535.98  287.96  559.72  277.04  42384.70  -  Depreciation for the year  --  1933.22  4460.85  13.29  88.71  48.84  6544.91  -  Withdrawn  --  (4.46)  (5.15)  (18.64)  (1.29)  (29.54)  -  Balance as at 31.03.2021  --  11652.76  35991.68  301.25  629.79  324.59  48900.07  -  Depreciation for the year  --  1856.34  4726.04  10.02  101.54  65.11  6759.05  -  Withdrawn  --  (0.66)  (232.05)  (8.39)  (241.10)  -  Balance as at 31.03.2022  --  13508.44  40485.67  311.27  722.94  389.70  55418.02  -  Net Carrying amount  Balance as at 31.03.2021  5756.25  39226.76  49322.41  96.83  652.79  198.90  95253.94  14513.73  Balance as at 31.03.2022  5829.14  41237.85  56594.81  98.98  829.81  191.87  104782.46  6080.79  Freehold  Land  Buildings  Plant  and  Equipment  Furniture  and  Fixtures  Motor  Vehicles  Office and  other  Equip-  ments  Total  Capital  Work in  progress   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note : All immovable properties are held in the name of the Company Certain movables and immovable properties have been given as security for the

borrowings. Details are furnished in Note No. 16 and 21.

<!-- image -->

## CAPITAL WORK-IN-PROGRESS AGEING SCHEDULE:

( ` in Lakhs)

| PARTICULARS  1 - 2 Years  Less than  1 Year  2 - 3 Years  Total  More than  3 Years  Amount in CWIP for a period of  As on 31.03.2022  Projects in Progress  5454.32  607.76  18.71  -  6080.79  Projects temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  -  As on 31.03.2021  Projects in Progress  5607.46  8839.40  62.32  4.55  14513.73  Projects temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company does not have any project overdue or exceeded its originally planned cost.

## NOTE 3. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

( ` in Lakhs)

| PARTICULARS  Land  Total  Building  COST  Balance as at 01.04.2020  76.43  39.68  116.11  Add: Additions  -  -  -  Balance as at 31.03.2021  76.43  39.68  116.11  Add: Additions  27.07  -  27.07  Balance as at 31.03.2022  103.50  39.68  143.18  ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION  Balance as at 01.04.2020  18.85  8.37  27.22  Depreciation / Amortisation for the year  18.85  8.37  27.22  Balance as at 31.03.2021  37.70  16.74  54.44  Depreciation / Amortisation for the year  18.25  8.37  26.62  Balance as at 31.03.2022  55.95  25.11  81.06  NET CARRYING AMOUNT AS AT 31.03.2022  47.55  14.57  62.12  NET CARRYING AMOUNT AS AT 31.03.2021  38.73  22.94  61.67   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Expenses relating to leases of low value assets and variable lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities of ` 63.17 Lakhs ( ` 83.84 Lakhs) are shown under other expenses.

<!-- image -->

## NOTE 4. BIOLOGICAL ASSETS

( ` in Lakhs)

| As at  31.03.2022  PARTICULARS  As at  31.03.2021  Live Stock  Others  15.75  13.28  TOTAL  27.92  32.50  43.67  45.78   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE   5.   FINANCIAL   ASSETS   -   I  N  V  E  S  T  M  E  N  T  S

( ` in Lakhs)

| As at  31.03.2022  PARTICULARS  As at  31.03.2021  I.  QUOTED INVESTMENTS - AT FVTOCI  INVESTMENT IN EQUITY INSTRUMENTS  i)  84375 Equity Shares (P.Y : 84375) of Sakthi Finance Ltd  of  `  10 each  17.76  13.96  ii)  50000 Equity Shares (P.Y : 50000) of Bank of Baroda of  `  2 each  55.80  37.08  iii)  73400 Equity Shares (P.Y : 73400) of Indraprastha Medical Corporation Ltd  of  `  10 each  42.90  39.45  iv)  14300 Equity Shares (P.Y : 14300) of Indian Overseas Bank  of  `  10 each  2.60  2.29  TOTAL  119.06  92.78  II. UN QUOTED INVESTMENTS - AT COST  i)  IN GOVERNMENT SECURITIES :  Kisan Vikas Patra   (Pledged with State Government Authorities)  0.40  0.40  ii)  IN EQUITY INSTRUMENTS OF OTHER ENTITIES :  Bannari Amman Sugars Employees' Co-operative Stores Limited  2.35  2.35  TOTAL  2.75  2.75  TOTAL (QUOTED &amp; UNQUOTED)  121.81  95.53  Aggregate cost of Quoted Investments  49.36  49.36  Aggregate market value of Quoted Investments  119.06  92.78  Aggregate cost of unquoted Investments  2.75  2.75   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE   6  .   OTHER   NON-  CURRENT   ASSETS

( ` in Lakhs)

| PARTICULARS  As at 31.03.2022  As at 31.03.2021  UNSECURED, CONSIDERED GOOD  Capital Advances  1868.48  1996.68  Security Deposits with Government  Bodies and Others  209.54  240.52  Balance with Government Authorities  832.06  824.41  TOTAL  2910.08  3061.61   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CURRENT   ASSETS

## NOTE   7.   I  N  V  E N  T  O  R I  E  S

<!-- image -->

( ` in Lakhs)

| PARTICULARS  As at 31.03.2022  Details  Total  As at 31.03.2021  Details  Total  RAW  MATERIALS  :  Molasses  -  531.72  Granite Rough Blocks  423.48  382.32  Press mud  24.27  10.31  447.75  924.35  WORK IN PROGRESS :  Sugar  1812.29  1160.40  Molasses  227.13  137.44  Press mud  61.80  65.85  2101.22  1363.69  FINISHED GOODS :  Sugar  83857.50  87462.17  Molasses  4247.00  2047.94  Bagasse  662.86  219.61  Granite Products  3709.32  2806.98  Alcohol  382.54  679.85  Agrinatural Fertilizers  44.07  46.37  92903.29  93262.92  Stores, Spares and others  5118.12  3999.40  TOTAL  100570.38  99550.36   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE   8.   T  R  A  D  E R  E C  E  I V  A  B L  E  S

( ` in Lakhs)

| PARTICULARS  As at 31.03.2022  As at 31.03.2021  Undisputed, unsecured  -  considered good  34555.55  16076.09  Undisputed, unsecured  -  credit impaired  777.88  212.28  35333.43  16288.37  Less: Provision for expected credit loss  777.88  212.28  T O T A L  34555.55  16076.09   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Trade Receivables Ageing Schedule

( ` in Lakhs)

| AS ON 31.03.2022  Undisputed Trade Receivables  Undisputed considered good  6194.12  16870.59  6747.69  3625.59  830.15  287.41  34555.55  Undisputed which have significant  credit risk  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Undisputed credit impaired  -  -  115.19  347.07  167.40  148.22  777.88  Disputed Trade Receivables  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  AS ON 31.03.2021  Undisputed Trade Receivables  Undisputed considered good  2171.11  6275.39  3047.56  4381.63  170.27  30.13  16076.09  Undisputed which have significant  credit risk  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Undisputed credit impaired  -  -  -  121.39  86.08  4.81  212.28  Disputed Trade Receivables  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  PARTICULARS  NOT DUE  OUTSTANDING FOR THE FOLLOWING PERIODS  FROM DUE DATE OF PAYMENT  TOTAL  LESS THAN  6 MONTHS  6 MONTHS -  1 YEAR  1 YEAR -  2 YEARS  2 YEARS -  3 YEARS  MORE THAN  3 YEARS   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE   9.   C  A  S  H   A  N  D C  A  S H   E  Q  U I  V A  L E  N  T  S

( ` in Lakhs)

| Cash on hand  29.60  15.33  Balance with Banks in Current Accounts  254.73  304.83  TOTAL  284.33  320.16  PARTICULARS  As at 31.03.2022  As at 31.03.2021   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE   10.    BANK   BALANCE   OTHER   THAN   CASH   AND   CASH   EQUIVALENTS

( ` in Lakhs)

| Balance in Unpaid Dividend Accounts  60.82  64.07  TOTAL  60.82  64.07  PARTICULARS  As at 31.03.2022  As at 31.03.2021   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE   11.    L  O  A  N  S

( ` in Lakhs)

| PARTICULARS  As at 31.03.2022  As at 31.03.2021  UNSECURED CONSIDERED GOOD  Loan to Staff  95.58  85.44  TOTAL  95.58  85.44   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE   12.   OTHER   FINANCIAL   ASSETS

<!-- image -->

( ` in Lakhs)

| PARTICULARS  As at 31.03.2022  As at 31.03.2021  Security deposits  663.72  41.80  Subsidies receivable  37.82  4909.74  Interest accured on loans and advances  0.42  2.20  TOTAL  701.96  4953.74   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE   1  3.   O  T  H  E  R C  U  R R  E N  T   A S  S E  T  S

( ` in Lakhs)

| PARTICULARS  As at 31.03.2022  As at 31.03.2021  UNSECURED  -  CONSIDERED  GOOD  Advance recoverable in cash or kind  2418.13  2149.43  Prepaid expenses  815.90  575.42  Advance to staff  4.01  4.22  Balance with Government Authorities  3344.79  2226.15  TOTAL  6582.83  4955.22   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE   14.   EQUITY   SHARE   CAPITAL

( ` in Lakhs)

| PARTICULARS  As at 31.03.2022  As at 31.03.2021  AUTHORISED  4,40,00,000 Equity Shares of  `  10/- each  4400.00  4400.00  (4,40,00,000 of Equity Shares of  `  10/- each)  21,00,000 Redeemable Preference Shares of  `  100/- each  2100.00  2100.00  (21,00,000 Redeemable Preference Shares of  `  100/-each)  TOTAL  6500.00  6500.00  ISSUED, SUBSCRIBED AND FULLY PAID UP  1,25,39,700 Equity Shares of  `  10/- each  1253.97  1253.97  (1,25,39,700 Equity Shares of  `  10/- each)  TOTAL  1253.97  1253.97   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## a.     Reconciliation   of   the   share  s   outstanding   at   the   beginning   and   at   the   end   of   the   reporting   period

| EQUITY SHARES  At the beginning of the period  12539700  1253.97  12539700  1253.97  At the end of the period  12539700  1253.97  12539700  1253.97  PARTICULARS  As at 31.03.2022  No. of  shares  Amount  (  `  in Lakhs)  No. of  shares  Amount  (  `  in Lakhs)  As at 31.03.2021   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## b.     Details   of   share  holders   holding   more   than   5%   shares   in   the   company

| i.  S V Balasubramaniam  ii.  SVB Holdings Private Limited  5517841  44.00  5517841  44.00  iii. Gagandeep Credit Capital Pvt Ltd  687092  5.48  687092  5.48  1056232  8.42  1056232  8.42  NAME OF THE SHAREHOLDERS  As at 31.03.2022  No. of  shares  % of  holdings  No. of  shares  % of  holdings  As at 31.03.2021   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## c.     T erms/rights   attached   to   equity   shares

The company has issued only one class of equity shares having face value of ` 10/- each. One equity share carries one vote. The members are entitled to vote in accordance with their shareholding. The Company declares and pays dividend in Indian rupees. The dividend recommended by the Board of Directors is subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting.

## d.     Details   of   shares   held   by   Promoters   at   the   end   of   the   year

( ` in Lakhs)

| S V Balasubramaniam  1056232  8.42%  1056232  8.42%  B Soundaram  479349  3.82%  479349  3.82%  B Saravanan  175758  1.40%  175758  1.40%  B Murali - HUF  126196  1.01%  126196  1.01%  SVB Holdings Private Limited  5517841  44.00%  5517841  44.00%  Kerala Alcoholic Products Private Limited  4900  0.04%  4900  0.04%  Total  7360276  58.70%  7360276  58.70%  PARTICULARS  % of Total  Shares held  % of Total  Shares held  % of Total  Shares held  As at 31.03.2022  As at 31.03.2021  Changes during the year  No. of  Shares  No. of  Shares  No. of  Shares   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE   15.   O  T  H  E  R   E Q  U  I T  Y

<!-- image -->

( ` in Lakhs)

| Capital Reserve  756.25  756.25  Securities Premium account  8503.35  8503.35  Capital Redemption Reserve  1846.00  1846.00  General Reserve  Opening Balance  119744.81  112244.81  Add : Transfer from statement of profit and loss  7500.00  7500.00  Closing Balance  127244.81  119744.81  Retained Earnings  Opening balance  3499.06  3039.03  Add : Profit for the period  7998.39  9214.00  11497.45  12253.03  Less : Appropriations :  Dividend on Equity Shares paid  1253.97  1253.97  Transfer to General Reserve  7500.00  7500.00  8753.97  8753.97  Closing balance  2743.48  3499.06  Other Comprehensive Income  (8.00)  5.02  TOTAL  141085.89  134354.49  PARTICULARS  As at 31.03.2022  Details  Total  As at 31.03.2021  Details  Total   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Description of nature and purpose of Reserve :

Capital Reserve is  utilised  in  accordance  with  the  Act  and  not  available  for  distribution  by  way  of  dividend

Securities  Premium represents  premium  on  issue  of  Shares.  The  reserve  will  be  utilised  in  accordance  with  the provisions of the Companies Act 2013.

Capital Redemption Reserve is created for redemption of Preference Shares and it is not available for distribution by way of dividend

General Reserve is  created  out  of  retained  earnings  from  time  to  time.

Retained Earnings: Retained Earnings are the profits that the company has earned till date of the balance sheet less any transfers to other reserves and dividend paid to the shareholders, if any.

Other  Comprehensive  Income: Other  Comprehensive  Income  represents  the  cumulative  gain/loss  arising  on measurement of Equity Instruments at fair value and remeasurement of Defined Benefit Obligation. This would not be reclassified to the statement of profit and loss.

<!-- image -->

## NON-  CURRENT   LIABILITIES

## NOTE   16.   LONG   TERM   B  O  R  R  O  W  I  N  G  S

( ` in Lakhs)

| SECURED :  Term Loan from Banks  4425.00  6325.00  Term Loan from Sugar Development Fund  7772.11  5350.58  Interest Free Sales Tax Loan - Govt of Karnataka  171.29  239.34  12368.40  11914.92  UNSECURED :  Interest Free Loan - from a related party  -  5000.00  (as specified in the scheme of amalgamation)  TOTAL  12368.40  16914.92  PARTICULARS  As at 31.03.2022  Details  Total  As at 31.03.2021  Details  Total   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 16.1 Rupee term loan of ` 700 Lakhs ( ` 1100 Lakhs) from HDFC Bank Ltd is secured by pari passu first charge on the movable fixed assets of Sugar Unit I.

The  loan  carries  Interest  at  the  rate  of  1  Year  MCLR  and repayable  in  20  equal  quarterly  instalments  starting  from December 2018.

The loan amount repayable within twelve months of ` 400 Lakhs ( ` 400 Lakhs)  is grouped under Short Term Borrowings.

- 16.2 Rupee term loan of ` 5625 Lakhs ( ` 7125 Lakhs) from HDFC Bank Ltd is secured by pari passu first charge on the movable fixed assets of Distillery Plant at Unit II.

The loan carries Interest at the rate of 0.20% over applicable six months MCLR  and repayable in 20 equal quarterly instalments from March 2021.

The loan amount repayable within twelve months of ` 1500 Lakhs ( ` 1500 Lakhs) is grouped under Short Term Borrowings.

- 16.3 Loan  from  Sugar  Development  Fund  (Government  of  India) availed  for  modernisation  of  Sugar  Unit-I,  amounting  to ` 1139.62 Lakhs ( ` 1139.62 Lakhs) is secured by way of pari passu  first  charge  basis  on  the  immovable  and  movable properties of Sugar Plant at Unit-I.

The loan carries interest at the rate of 2% below the bank rate prevailing on the date of disbursement. Repayment of principal and payment of interest thereon commences after the expiry of one year from the repayment of bank term loan and interest thereon or on the expiry of a period of 5 years reckoned from the date  of  disbursement  whichever  is  earlier  in  ten  half  yearly instalments.

- 16.4 Loan  from  Sugar  Development  Fund  (Government  of  India) availed  for  modernisation  cum  expansion  of  Sugar  Unit-III, amounting to ` 2736.21 Lakhs ( ` 3040.24 Lakhs) is secured by way of pari passu first charge basis   on the immovable and movable properties of Sugar Plant at Unit-III.

The loan carries interest at the rate of  2% below the bank rate prevailing on the date of disbursement and repayable in ten half yearly instalments from December 2021.

The loan amount repayable within twelve months of ` 608.04  Lakhs  ( ` 304.02  Lakhs)  is  grouped  under  Short Term Borrowings.

- 16.5 Loan  from  Sugar  Development  Fund  (Government  of  India) availed for setting up of 20 MW bagasse based cogeneration plant at Sugar  Unit-III, amounting  to ` 1474.75  Lakhs ( ` 1896.29 Lakhs) is secured by way of pari passu first charge basis on the immovable and movable properties of Cogeneration Plant at Unit-III.

The loan carries interest at the rate of  2% below the bank rate prevailing on the date of disbursement. Interest shall be paid half yearly for the first three years from the date of each disbursement after which it shall be paid half yearly alongwith repayment of principal.

Repayment of principal shall commence after expiry of three years reckoned from the date of each disbursement and it shall be paid  in ten half yearly instalments.

The loan amount repayable within twelve months of ` 421.55  Lakhs  ( ` 421.55  Lakhs)  is  grouped  under  Short Term Borrowings.

- 16.6 Loan  from  Sugar  Development  Fund  (Government  of  India) availed  for  expansion  of  Distillery  Plant  at  Sugar  Unit-II from  60  KLPD  to  150  KLPD  for  production  of  ethanol  from molasses with spent wash incineration to achieve ZLD, amounting to ` 4601.50 Lakhs (Nil) is secured by way of pari passu  first  charge  basis  on  the  immovable  and  movable properties of Sugar Unit - II.

The loan carries interest at the date of 2% below the bank rate prevailing on the date of disbursement. Repayment of loan shall commence after the expiry of one year from the date of each disbursement  of  the  loan  and  shall  be  in  eight  half  yearly

<!-- image -->

instalments. The interest shall be paid annually for the first year from the date of disbursement after which it shall be paid half yearly alongwith instalment.

The loan amount repayable within twelve months of ` 1150.38 Lakhs (Nil) is grouped under Short Term Borrowings.

has been converted into interest free loan. The loan is secured by issue of Bank Guarantee from ICICI Bank Limited. The loan is repayable  in  five  annual  instalments  from  the  sixth  year  of Conversion into Loan.

- 16.7 The purchase tax of ` 239.34 Lakhs ( ` 307.39 Lakhs) payable to Government of Karnataka for purchase of Sugarcane to Sugar Unit III during the years ended 31.03.2015 and 31.03.2016

## NOTE   17.   LEASE   LIABILITIES   (  NON-CURRENT)

The loan amount repayable within twelve months is ` 68.05 Lakhs ( ` 68.05 Lakhs) is grouped under Short Term Borrowings.

- 16.8 None of the Directors has given any Security/ Guarantee to any Borrowings.

( ` in Lakhs)

| Lease Liabilities  (Ind AS 116)  39.16  37.62  TOTAL  39.16  37.62  PARTICULARS  As at 31.03.2022  As at 31.03.2021   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE   18.   OTHER   NON-CURRENT   FINANCIAL   LIABILITIES

( ` in Lakhs)

| Interest accrued but not due on borrowings  617.49  562.55  TOTAL  617.49  562.55  PARTICULARS  As at 31.03.2022  As at 31.03.2021   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE   19   P  R  O  V  I  S  I  O  N  S   (NON-CURRENT)

( ` in Lakhs)

| Provision for employee benefits  447.58  443.94  TOTAL  447.58  443.94  PARTICULARS  As at 31.03.2022  As at 31.03.2021   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE   20.   D  E  F  E  R R  E D   T  A X   L I  A B  I L  I T  I E  S (N  E  T)

The major components of deferred tax liabilities / (assets) arising on account of timing differences are as follows :

Year ended 31.03.2022

( ` in Lakhs)

| PARTICULARS  As at  31.03.2022  As at  01.04.2021  Recognised in  Statement of  Profit &amp; Loss  Recognised in  Other  Comprehensive  Income  Deferred Tax Liabilities  Difference in WDV of PPE and treatment of expenses in  Income tax Act  13069.07  (176.32)  -  12892.75  Total Deferred Tax Liabilities (A)  13069.07  (176.32)  -  12892.75  Deferred Tax Assets  Remeasurement benefit of the defined benefit plans and  Equity Investments  14.06  -  6.99  21.05  MAT Credit Entitlement  11921.01  (2130.33)  9790.68  Total Deferred Tax Assets (B)  11935.06  (2130.33)  6.99  9811.73  DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES  (NET) (A-B)  1134.01  1954.01  (6.99)  3081.02   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTE   20.   D  E  F  E  R R  E D   T  A X   L I  A B  I L  I T  I E  S   (N  E  T)  (Contd...)

Year ended 31.03.2021

| PARTICULARS  As at  31.03.2021  As at  01.04.2020  Recognised in  Statement of  Profit &amp; Loss  Recognised in  Other  Comprehensive  Income  Deferred Tax Liabilities  Difference in WDV of PPE and treatment of expenses in  Income tax Act  13387.40  (318.33)  -  13069.07  Total Deferred Tax Liabilities (A)  13387.40  (318.33)  -  13069.07  Deferred Tax Assets  Remeasurement benefit of the defined benefit plans and  Equity Investments  80.52  -  (66.46)  14.06  MAT Credit Entitlement  12390.61  (469.60)  -  11921.01  Total Deferred Tax Assets (B)  12471.13  (469.60)  (66.46)  11935.06  DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES  (NET) (A-B)  916.27  151.27  66.46  1134.01   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CURRENT   LIABILITIES

## NOTE   21.   SHORT   TERM   B  O  R  R  O  W  I  N  G  S

( ` in Lakhs)

| PARTICULARS  As at 31.03.2022  As at 31.03.2021  SECURED :  Cash Credit Loan from banks repayable on demand  49979.89  28492.17  Current maturities of long term borrowings  4148.02  2693.62  UNSECURED :  Short Term Loan from banks  29500.00  39000.00  TOTAL  83627.91  70185.79   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 21.1 Cash Credit and other Working Capital Limits/ Demand Loan sanctioned by Punjab National Bank consortium consists  of  Punjab  National  Bank,  Canara  Bank,  The Federal  Bank  Ltd,  The  Karur  Vysya  Bank  Ltd,  Indian Overseas  Bank,  State  Bank  of  India,  Bank  of  India, Axis Bank Ltd, ICICI Bank Ltd and HDFC Bank Ltd to the company are secured by way of hypothecation of current assets and other movable block assets of the Sugar units I, II,  III,  IV  and V and third mortgage on the immovable properties of the Sugar units I, II, III,  IV  and  V.

The credit limit availed as at 31.03.2022 is ` 49979.89 Lakhs ( ` 28492.17 Lakhs)

The  availed  limits  are  repayable  on  demand  and carries interest rates between Bank's MCLR plus 0% and 1.25% per annum.

- 21.2 The  Unsecured  Short  term  loan  of ` 8000  lakhs

( ` 10000 lakhs) from HDFC Bank Ltd is repayable within one hundred and eighty days from the date of availment and carries interest at the rate of 4.50% per annum.

The Unsecured Short term loan of Nil ( ` 7500  lakhs) from  HDFC  Bank  Ltd  is  repayable  within  ninety  days from the date of availment.

The  Unsecured  short  term  loan  of ` 12500  lakhs ( ` 12500 lakhs) from The Federal Bank Ltd is repayable within one hundred and eighty days from the date of availment and carries interest at 4.50% per annum.

The  Unsecured  short  term loan  of ` 9000  Lakhs ( ` 9000 lakhs) from Axis Bank Ltd  is repayable within a period ranges from thirty days to one hundred and eighty days from the date of availment and carries interest at 4.50% per annum.

( ` in Lakhs)

## NOTE   22.   LEASE   LIABILITIES   (CURRENT)

<!-- image -->

( ` in Lakhs)

| Lease Liabilities - Ind AS 116  27.85  27.95  TOTAL  27.85  27.95  PARTICULARS  As at 31.03.2022  As at 31.03.2021   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE   23  .   TRADE   PAYABLES

( ` in Lakhs)

| PARTICULARS  As at 31.03.2022  As at 31.03.2021  Micro and Small Enterprise  97.75  100.53  Others  8569.61  5869.03  TOTAL  8667.36  5969.56   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The outstanding dues to Micro and Small Enterprises has been determined based on the information collected by the company. There are no dues of Micro and Small Enterprises exceeding 45 days from the date of acceptance.

## Additional Disclosure

| PARTICULARS  As at 31.03.2022  As at 31.03.2021  a)  Principal amount and Interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any  supplier at the end of the period  97.75  100.53  b)  Interest paid by the Company in terms of Section 16 of the MSMED  Act, 2006 along with the amount of the payment made to the supplier  -  -  beyond the appointed day during the period  c)  Interest due and payable for the period of delay in making payment  (which have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the  -  -  period) but without adding the interest specified under this Act  d)  Interest accrued and remaining unpaid as at the end of the period  -  -  e)  Interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding years,  until such date when the interest dues as above are actually paid to  -  -  the small enterprise   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## TRADE   PAYABLES   AGEING   SCHEDULE  :

( ` in Lakhs)

| As at 31.03.2022  Undisputed Dues:  i)  MSME  97.75  -  -  -  -  97.75  ii)  Others  7405.95  974.28  120.42  16.92  52.04  8569.61  Disputed Dues:  -  -  -  --  -  -  Total  7503.70  974.28  120.42  16.92  52.04  8667.36  As at 31.03.2021  Undisputed Dues:  i)  MSME  100.53  -  -  -  -  100.53  ii)  Others  5222.70  446.68  102.27  27.86  69.52  5869.03  Disputed Dues:  -  -  -  -  -  -  Total  5323.23  446.68  102.27  27.86  69.52  5969.56  PARTICULARS  1-2 years  Less than  1 year  2-3 years  Outstanding for following periods from  due date of payments  More than  3 years  Total  Not due   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE   24  .   OTHER   CURRENT   FINANCIAL   LIABILITIES

( ` in Lakhs)

| PARTICULARS  As at 31.03.2022  As at 31.03.2021  Payable on purchase of fixed assets  1121.20  1174.62  Trade or security deposits received  573.13  388.76  Interest accrued but not due on borrowings  194.43  64.56  Unpaid Dividend  60.82  64.07  TOTAL  1949.58  1692.01   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE   25.   O  T  H  E  R   C  U R  R E  N  T L  I A  B  I L  I T  I E  S

( ` in Lakhs)

| PARTICULARS  As at 31.03.2022  As at 31.03.2021  Advance from customers  382.61  1445.05  Statutory remittances  893.28  2683.10  Other payables  1513.38  1352.00  TOTAL  2789.27  5480.15   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE   26.   P  R  O  V  I  S  I  O  N  S   (CURRENT)

<!-- image -->

( ` in Lakhs)

| PARTICULARS  As at 31.03.2022  As at 31.03.2021  For employee benefits  655.61  631.67  TOTAL  655.61  631.67   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE   27.   CURRENT   TAX   LIABILITIES   (NET)

( ` in Lakhs)

| PARTICULARS  As at 31.03.2022  As at 31.03.2021  Provision for Income Tax (Net)  241.29  348.71  TOTAL  241.29  348.71   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE   28.   REVENUE   FROM   OPERATIONS

( ` in Lakhs)

| SALE OF PRODUCTS  MANUFACTURED GOODS  Sugar  154013.95  111303.65  Molasses  7234.45  9111.89  Bagasse  1973.71  987.66  Granite Products  3794.74  3384.77  Alcohol  7409.72  7661.98  Power  19676.19  15815.37  Agrinatural Fertilizers  796.82  828.68  Pressmud  10.34  6.90  194909.92  149100.90  TRADED GOODS  Granite Products  2.41  717.34  Fertiliser &amp; Pesticides  862.81  490.12  865.22  1207.46  SALE OF SERVICES  Handling and Hire charges  891.58  327.00  OTHER OPERATING REVENUE  Government subsidies  2879.28  5462.75  Sale of Scrap and Store material  217.82  177.66  Other Claims  45.17  -  3142.27  5640.41  TOTAL  199808.99  156275.77  PARTICULARS  Year ended 31.03.2022  Details  Total  Year ended 31.03.2021  Details  Total   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

The Company has recognised the financial assistance of Nil ( ` 3025.85 Lakhs) and ` 2879.28 Lakhs ( ` 570.00 Lakhs) based on the fulfillment of sugar export obligation as notified by the Central Government for the sugar season 2019-2020 and sugar season 2020-2021 respectively.

During the year ended March 31, 2021, the Company recognised the transport subsidy of ` 969.25 lakhs and ` 896.07 lakhs granted by Government of Tamilnadu for Sugar Cane drawn during sugar season 2018-2019 and 2019-2020 respectively.

## NOTE   29.   OTHER   INCOME

( ` in Lakhs)

| Interest income from loans and advances  227.17  152.08  Dividend income from long term investments  0.51  0.51  Other non-operating income :  Rent receipts from operating leases  251.42  217.23  Profit on Sale of Property, Plant and Equipment (Net)  -  337.74  Agricultural Income (Net)  -  17.77  Other Service receipts  73.63  62.45  Miscellaneous income  2.33  114.41  327.38  749.60  TOTAL  555.06  902.19  PARTICULARS  Year ended 31.03.2022  Details  Total  Year ended 31.03.2021  Details  Total   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE   30.   COST   OF   MATERIALS   CONSUMED

( ` in Lakhs)

| Opening Stock of Raw Materials:  Molasses  531.72  1008.31  Granite rough blocks  382.32  76.49  Pressmud  10.31  4.83  924.35  1089.63  Add: Purchase of Raw Materials :  Sugarcane  138856.76  106587.53  Transport on Sugarcane  4196.68  2829.59  Molasses  69.73  0.53  Granite rough blocks  408.97  384.92  Pressmud  77.67  66.95  143609.81  109869.52  144534.16  110959.15  PARTICULARS  Year ended 31.03.2022  Details  Total  Year ended 31.03.2021  Details  Total   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## NOTE   30.   COST   OF   MATERIALS   CONSUMED    (Contd...)

( ` in Lakhs)

| Less: Closing Stock of Raw Materials :  Molasses  -  531.72  Granite rough Blocks  423.48  382.32  Pressmud  24.27  10.31  447.75  924.35  Raw Material Consumed  144086.41  110034.80  Packing Material Consumed  2009.66  1399.52  TOTAL  146096.07  111434.32  Details of Raw Material Consumed  Sugarcane  143053.44  109417.12  Packing Material for Sugar  2009.66  1399.52  Molasses  601.45  477.12  Granite rough blocks  367.81  79.09  Pressmud  63.71  61.47  TOTAL  146096.07  111434.32  PARTICULARS  Year ended  31.03.2022  Details  Total  Year ended  31.03.2021  Details  Total   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE   31.   PURCHASE   OF   STOCK   -   IN   -   TRADE

( ` in Lakhs)

| Granite Products  23.45  196.67  Fertiliser &amp; Pesticides  219.96  161.05  TOTAL  243.41  357.72  PARTICULARS  Year ended  31.03.2022  Year ended  31.03.2021   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE   32.   CHANGES   IN   INVENTORIES

( ` in Lakhs)

| I.  FINISHED GOODS :  a.  Opening Stock :  Sugar  87462.17  83602.69  Molasses  2047.94  2784.29  Bagasse  219.61  314.86  Granite Products  2806.98  2959.27  Alcohol  679.85  1463.14  Agrinatural Fertilizers  46.37  44.25  93262.92  91168.50  PARTICULARS  Year ended  31.03.2022  Details  Total  Year ended  31.03.2021  Details  Total   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## NOTE   32.   CHANGES   IN   INVENTORIES   (Contd...)

( ` in Lakhs)

| b.  Closing Stock :  Sugar  83857.50  87462.17  Molasses  4247.00  2047.94  Bagasse  662.86  219.61  Granite Products  3709.32  2806.98  Alcohol  382.54  679.85  Agrinatural Fertilizers  44.07  46.37  92903.29  93262.92  (a)  -  (b)  359.63  (2094.42)  II.  WORK IN PROGRESS :  a.  Opening Stock :  Sugar  1160.40  173.28  Molasses  137.44  66.58  Pressmud  65.85  46.59  1363.69  286.45  b.  Closing Stock :  Sugar  1812.29  1160.40  Molasses  227.13  137.44  Pressmud  61.80  65.85  2101.22  1363.69  (a)  -  (b)  (737.53)  (1077.24)  TOTAL  (377.90)  (3171.66)  PARTICULARS  Year ended  31.03.2022  Details  Total  Year ended  31.03.2021  Details  Total   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE   33.   EMPLOYEE   BENEFITS   EXPENSE

( ` in Lakhs)

| Salaries, wages and allowances  9757.61  9502.42  Contribution to Provident and other funds  825.15  811.50  Staff Welfare expenses  1073.81  922.39  TOTAL  11656.57  11236.31  PARTICULARS  Year ended  31.03.2022  Year ended  31.03.2021   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE   34.   FINANCE   COSTS

( ` in Lakhs)

| Interest Expenses  3114.89  3887.94  Interest on lease liabilities (Ind AS 116)  7.55  7.46  Other borrowing costs  19.45  38.86  TOTAL  3141.89  3934.26  PARTICULARS  Year ended  31.03.2022  Year ended  31.03.2021   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## NOTE   35.   DEPRECIATION   AND   AMORTISATION   EXPENSES

( ` in Lakhs)

| Depreciation and Amortisation on account of  Property, Plant and Equipment  6759.05  6544.91  Right-of Use Asset  26.62  27.22  TOTAL  6785.67  6572.13  PARTICULARS  Year ended  31.03.2022  Year ended  31.03.2021   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE    36.   OTHER   EXPENSES

( ` in Lakhs)

| Consumption of stores and spare parts  3986.96  2778.73  Power and fuel  4312.38  4132.29  Water charges  206.45  179.56  Rent  63.17  83.84  Cane development expenses  1116.82  313.54  Repairs and maintenance :-  Buildings  892.37  686.19  Plant and Machinery  4586.16  3402.02  Vehicles  656.42  419.78  Others  280.79  282.46  6415.74  4790.45  Effluent disposal expenses  124.86  170.05  Insurance charges  439.63  288.74  Rates and taxes  457.17  438.00  Telephone &amp; Fax charges  47.15  38.75  Travelling expenses  276.87  226.34  Printing and Stationery  64.41  46.92  Directors' sitting fees  3.50  3.25  Advertisement  6.42  2.97  Other Administrative expenses  127.97  143.51  Freight and forwarding  713.80  420.54  Selling and distribution expenses  1078.25  762.62  Sales commission  5.07  6.60  Donations  3.51  4.75  Corporate Social Responsibility expenses (Refer Note No. 38)  222.92  226.25  Legal and professional charges  103.62  62.50  Agricultural expenses (Net)  16.85  -  Expected Credit Loss  565.60  212.28  Loss on sale of Property, Plant &amp; Equipment (Net)  255.87  -  Auditor's Remuneration  Statutory audit  20.00  20.00  Tax representation  2.00  -  Certification and other services  8.17  8.56  Reimbursement of expenses  0.25  30.42  0.25  28.81  T O T A L  20645.41  15361.29  PARTICULARS  Year ended  31.03.2022  Details  Total  Year ended  31.03.2021  Details  Total   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## NOTE 37. DETAILS OF UNDISCLOSED INCOME, IF ANY : Nil

## NOTE 38. EXPENDITURE INCURRED ON CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES

( ` in Lakhs)

| Amount required to be spent by the Company during the year  221.51  221.54  Amount of Expenditure Incurred  222.92  226.25  Shortfall at the end of the year  -  -  Total of Previous years shortfall  -  -  PARTICULARS  Year ended  31.03.2022  Year ended  31.03.2021   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Nature of CSR Activities

( ` in Lakhs)

| I  Preventive Health Care, Sanitation and supply of  Oxygen Plants  127.80  107.93  II  Promoting Education  52.04  -  IV  Conservation of Natural Resources  43.08  18.32  XII  Contribution to Tamil Nadu State Disaster Management  Authority  -  100.00  Total Expenditure Incurred  222.92  226.25  Balance to be carried forward  1.41  4.71  PARTICULARS  Year ended  31.03.2022  Year ended  31.03.2021  Schedule   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Other Disclosures with respect to Corporate Social Responsibility Expenditure

- i) The Company has not made any contribution to Related Parties in relation to CSR Expenditure.
2. ii) The Company has not made any provision in relation to CSR Expenditure during the year and any previous year

## Nil NOTE 39. DETAILS OF CRYPTO CURRENCY OR VIRTUAL CURRENCY, IF ANY :

## 40. CONTINGENT  LIABILITIES  AND COMMITMENTS (to the extent not provided for) CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

- 40.1. The company has preferred a Writ Appeal before the Division Bench of the Hon'ble High Court, Madras challenging the Order pronounced in Writ Petition No.  4030/2002  dated  28.02.2006  in

connection  with  increase  in  rate  of  water charges  and  the    method  of  computation of water charges pursuant to the G.O.  No.474  dated  13.11.2001  for  the water  drawn  for  industrial  purposes.  The approximate amount under dispute is ` 577.24 Lakhs ( ` 512.16 Lakhs)

## BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED

- 40.2. Sugar Unit-I  at  Sathyamangalam  was permitted to sell 100%  of the sugar production as Free Sugar for a period of 8 years from  1985-86  Sugar Season. Chief Director (Sugar), Directorate of Sugar Department of Food New  Delhi has restricted  the  entitlement  of  Free   sale Sugar Incentive to 275000 quintals production    per  season  by  a  subsequent notification.  A Writ Petition has been filed in the Madras High Court Challenging  the restriction imposed and interim injunction has been obtained. By virtue of injunction order  the  entire  production  was  sold  as Free Sugar. The approximate unprovided quantum under dispute is ` 683.35 Lakhs.
- 40.3. The Company has received a demand for payment of excise duty for ` 148.44 lakhs on the machineries purchased for co-generation plant in Sugar Unit-II which

## 41. DISCLOSURE UNDER IND AS 19 :

## i) DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLAN :

The Company has defined contribution plan like Provident Fund and Employees State Insurance Scheme for the benefit of employees. Contributions are made at the specified rate of percentage to payroll cost as per the regualtions to fund the benefits. The expenses recognised in the statement of profit and loss is ` 663.54 Lakhs ( ` 648.51 Lakhs) .

## ii) DEFINED BENEFIT PLAN :

## GRATUITY

The company provides the Gratuity benefit through annual contributions to the fund managed by Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC). The following table sets out the details of the defined benefits obligations and amount recognised in the financial statements.

<!-- image -->

- have  been  cleared  by  the  manufacturers based  on  the  certificates  alleged  to  have been forged by an Official in the Ministry of Finance. The Company has remitted the amount under protest. The company opted for  obtaining  a  valid  certificate  for  which steps have been taken through a writ petition filed  in  Hon'ble  High  Court  of  Madras.
- 40.4. The Company has a income tax demand for an amount of ` 98.73 Lakhs pertaining to AY  2017-18.  The  company  had  filed  an appeal  and  is pending  before Commissioner  of  Income  Tax  (Appeals), Chennai.

## COMMITMENTS

- 40.5. Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account - Tangible Assets not provided for is ` 2116.49 Lakhs ( ` 3452.46 lakhs).

<!-- image -->

## BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED

## 41     DISCLOSURE UNDER IND AS 19 (Contd...)

( ` in Lakhs)

| Discount Rate (%)  7.49  7.09  Salary Escalation rate (%)  6.50  6.50  Expected Return on Plan Assets (%)  7.09  7.09  Attrition Rate (%)  3.00  3.00  31.03.2021  31.03.2022  PARTICULARS  GROUP GRATUITY  PRINCIPAL ACTUARIAL ASSUMPTIONS   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## A     NET ASSET/ (LIABILITY) RECOGNISED IN BALANCE SHEET AT THE BEGINNING OF THE YEAR

| Present value of Defined Benefit Obligation  3622.33  3333.96  Fair Value of Plan Assets  3622.33  3035.71  Net Asset/(Liability) Recognised in Balance Sheet  -  (298.25)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## B       DISCLOSURE OF EMPLOYER EXPENSE

| Current Service Cost (including risk Premium  for fully insured benefits)  Net Interest Expenses / (Income)  Total Employer Expense Recognised in the  Statement of Profit &amp; Loss  184.12  209.59  192.29  199.64  (8.17)  9.95   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## C      OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

| Remeasurement of Defined Benefit Obligation  Effect of Changes in Financial assumptions  Effect of Changes in Experience adjustments  (Return)/Loss on Plan Assets  Net Cost in Other comprehensive Income  (127.09)  (70.94)  169.58  133.18  3.81  (254.13)  46.30  (191.89)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 41     DISCLOSURE UNDER  IND AS 19  Contd.... :

( ` in Lakhs)

| 31.03.2021  31.03.2022  PARTICULARS  GROUP GRATUITY   |
|-------------------------------------------------------|

## D     CHANGE IN OBLIGATIONS AND ASSETS

## Change in Obligations

| Present Value of Defined Benefit  Obligation at the  Beginning of the period  3622.33  3333.96  Employer Service Cost  192.29  199.64  Interest Cost  249.80  229.19  Actuarial(Gains)/Losses  42.49  62.24  Benefits Payments  (198.19)  (202.70)  Present Value of Defined Benefit Obligation  at the end of Period  3908.72  3622.33   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Change in Assets

| Fair value of Plan Assets at Beginning of Period  3622.33  3035.71  Expected Return on Plan Assets  257.97  219.24  Actuarial Gain/(Loss)  (3.81)  254.13  Actual Company Contributions Less Risk Premium  230.42  315.95  Benefit payments  (198.19)  (202.70)  Fair value of Plan Assets at the end of Period  3908.72  3622.33   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## E       NET ASSET / (LIABILITY) RECOGNISED  IN  BALANCE SHEET AT THE END OF THE YEAR

| Present Value of Defined Benefit Obligation  3908.72  3622.33  Fair value of Plan Assets  3908.72  3622.33  NET ASSET / (LIABILITY) RECOGNISED IN  -  -  BALANCE SHEET   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## 41     DISCLOSURE UNDER  IND AS 19  Contd.... :

## F       SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS

The significant actuarial assumptions for the determination of the defined benefit obligations are discount rate  and  expected  salary  increase.  The  sensitivity  analysis  below  have  been  determined  based  on reasonably possible changes of the respective assumptions occurring at the end of the reporting period, while holding all other assumptions constant. The defined benefit obligation increases / (decrease) as follows:

( ` in Lakhs)

| Discount Rate  +100 basis points  (317.07)  (308.43)  -100 basis points  369.38  360.49  Salary Growth  +100 basis points  357.43  346.49  -100 basis points  (313.74)  (303.29)  31.03.2021  31.03.2022  PARTICULARS   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The sensitivity analysis presented above may not be representative of the actual change in the defined benefit obligations as it is unlikely that the change in assumptions would occur in isolation of one another as some of the assumption may be correlated.

Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the defined benefit obligations has been calculated using the Projected Unit Credit Method at the end of the reporting period, which is the same as that applied in calculating the defined benefit obligation liability recognised in the balance sheet.

The  expected  contribution  to  the  plan  for  the  next  Annual  reporting  period  is ` 146.03  Lakhs ( ` 199.42 lakhs).

## LONG TERM COMPENSATED ABSENCES

The  assumption  used  for  computing  the  long  term  accumulated  compensated  absences  on  actuarial basis are as follows:

| Discount Rate (%)  7.49  7.09  Salary Escalation rate (%)  6.50  6.50  Expected Return on Plan Asset (%)  7.09  7.09  Attrition Rate (%)  3.00  3.00  31.03.2021  31.03.2022  Assumption   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 42. SEGMENT INFORMATION FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST  MARCH 2022

Revenues and expenses directly attributable to segments are reported under each reportable segment. Expenses which are not directly identifiable to each reportable

segment have been allocated on the basis of associated revenues of the segment/manpower efforts. Income or Expenses which are not attributable or allocable to segments have been disclosed as unallocable Income / Expenses. Assets and liabilities that are directly attributable or allocable to segments are disclosed under each reportable segment. Geographical revenues are allocated based on the location of the customer. The Company has the following operating segments, which are its reportable segments.

Operating segment disclosures are consistent with the information provided to and reviewed by the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM).

These operating segments have been identified on the basis of nature of products and other quantitative criteria specified in the Ind AS 108.

<!-- image -->

## ( in Lakhs) `

| Sugar  Sugar  Segment  Product  Power  Power  Distillery  Alcohol  Granite Products  Granite Products   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Sugar  Power  Distillery  Granite Products  TOTAL  Unallocated  31.03.2022  31.03.2021  31.03.2022  31.03.2021  31.03.2022  31.03.2021  31.03.2022  31.03.2021  31.03.2022  31.03.2022  31.03.2021  31.03.2021  PRIMARY  Segment Revenue  192726.10  145936.98  41190.58  33088.50  7859.91  8141.50  3825.92  4107.31  -  -  245602.51  191274.29  Intersegment Revenue  24478.88  17843.91  21298.48  17123.98  16.16  30.63  -  -  -  -  45793.52  34998.52  168247.22  128093.07  19892.10  15964.52  7843.75  8110.87  3825.92  4107.31  -  -  199808.99  156275.77  RESULT  Segment Result  1442.17  2343.05  13227.88  10606.18  844.19  2222.20  (517.77)  (415.17)  -  -  14996.47  14756.26  Add:   Un-allocable Income  318.35  631.59  Operating Profit  15314.82  15387.85  Less:  Finance Costs  3141.89  3934.26  Tax expenses  4174.54  2239.59  Profit after Tax  7998.39  9214.00  OTHER INFORMATION  Segment Assets  174552.12  172892.82  35958.76  29048.11  28528.41  22276.05  8806.12  8175.30  9006.98  6645.07  256852.39  239037.35  Segment Liabilities  89906.55  84304.27  1753.57  4017.62  11077.26  7288.32  251.30  462.37  11523.85  7356.31  114512.53  103428.89  Capital expenditure  803.07  1517.86  103.92  157.94  15313.92  78.12  399.73  8.66  -  -  16620.64  1762.58  Depreciation  3866.83  3968.92  1227.83  1344.12  1145.42  463.93  545.59  795.16  -  -  6785.67  6572.13  SECONDARY  Revenue by Geographical Market  India  129182.27  117314.79  19892.10  15964.52  7843.75  8110.87  599.81  423.35  -  -  157517.93  141813.53  Outside India  39064.95  10778.28  3226.11  3683.96  -  -  42291.06  14462.24  PARTICULARS  YEAR ENDED   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There is no transactions with single external customer which amounts to 10% or more of the Company's revenue.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## 43 RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES AS REQUIRED UNDER IND AS-24 ISSUED BY THE INSTITUTE OF CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS OF INDIA ARE GIVEN BELOW :

- 1 KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL :
- Sri S V Balasubramaniam,  Chairman
- Sri B Saravanan,  Managing Director
- Sri C Palaniswamy, Company Secretary
- Sri M Ramprabhu, Chief Financial Officer
- 2 COMPANY HAVING SIGNIFICANT INFLUENCE

SVB Holdings Private Limited

## 3 NON EXECUTIVE INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS

- Sri A K Perumalsamy
- Sri E P Muthukumar
- Sri T Gundan
- Sri M P Vijayakumar
- Dr Radha Ramani
- 4 ENTERPRISES OVER WHICH KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL ARE ABLE TO EXERCISE SIGNIFICANT INFLUENCES (OTHER RELATED PARTIES)
1. Annamallai Enterprise Private Limited
2. Annamallai Estates Private Limited
3. Bannari Amman Enterprises Private Limited
4. Bannari Amman Exports Private Limited
5. Bannari Enterprises Private Limited
6. Bannari Amman Finance Private Limited
7. BIT Techno Products Private Limited
8. Goldmine Corporate Investment Private Limited
9. Kandiamman Enterprises Private Limited
10. Kerala Alcoholic Products Private Limited
11. Kumaraguru Enterprises Private Limited
12. Mehru Enterprises Private Limited
13. Mylvagana Enterprises Private Limited
14. Shiva Cargo Movers Private Limited
15. Shiva Distilleries Private Limited
16. Shiva Hi-Tech Infrastructure Private Limited
17. Soundram Enterprises Private Limited
18. SVB Enterprise Private Limited
19. Velmuruga Enterprises Private Limited

## Related Party Transactions

<!-- image -->

( ` in Lakhs)

| Purchase of Goods  6.49  (23.46)  Sale of Goods  0.57  63.86  (0.45)  (5580.17)  Purchase of Property  Nil  (435.90)  Sale of Property  Nil  (610.00)  Remuneration  957.60  (876.73)  Directors sitting fees  3.50  (3.25)  Availing services  194.07  (123.05)  Rent paid  35.04  (35.53)  Rent receipt  0.14  2.54  (0.14)  (2.51)  Repayment of Loan  1000.00  4000.00  (10000.00)  (Nil)  Balance outstanding as on 31.03.2022  Nil  Nil  (5000.00)  (Nil)  Non Executive  Independent  Directors  Key  Management  Personnel  Other  Related parties  Company having  Significant  Influence  PARTICULARS  (*)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(*)   The repayment of interest free loan was earlier payable to SVB Holdings Pvt Ltd was transferred to Velmuruga Enterprises Pvt Ltd in  terms  of  their  scheme  of  arrangements and the same was repaid during the half year ended 31.03.2022.

## Whole time Directors' Remuneration

( in Lakhs) `

| PARTICULARS  Year ended  31.03.2022  Year ended  31.03.2021  CHAIRMAN  Short Term Employee Benefit  518.10  471.79  Post Employment Benefit  8.64  8.64  526.74  480.43  MANAGING DIRECTOR  Short Term Employee Benefit  358.85  328.21  Post Employment Benefit  7.20  7.20  366.05  335.41  TOTAL  892.79  815.84   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Non - Whole time Directors' Remuneration

( in Lakhs) `

| Directors Sitting Fee  3.50  3.25  PARTICULARS  31.03.2022  31.03.2021  For the Year Ended   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## 44    EARNINGS PER SHARE

| a)  Weighted average number of equity shares of  `  10/-each  i)  Number of shares at the beginning of the year  12539700  12539700  ii)  Number of shares at the end of the year  12539700  12539700  Weighted average number of equity shares  outstanding during the year  12539700  12539700  b)  Net Profit after tax available for equity shareholders  (  `  in Lakhs)  7998.39  9214.00  c)  Basic and diluted earnings per share (  `  )  63.78  73.48  PARTICULARS  31.03.2022  31.03.2021  For the Year Ended   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 45    DETAILS OF RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENDITURE RECOGNISED AS AN EXPENSE

( in Lakhs) `

| Materials  107.61  52.88  31.03.2022  31.03.2021  For the Year Ended  PARTICULARS   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 46    BORROWINGS COSTS

The Company has capitalised the specific borrowing cost of ` 392.37  Lakhs ( ` 422.21 Lakhs) during the period which were incurred specifically to get ready the qualifying assets for their intended use.

## 47 FOREIGN CURRENCY EXPOSURES  THAT ARE NOT HEDGED BY A DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENT OR OTHERWISE ARE AS UNDER :-

| Receivables  29520  208301  -  341905  Payables  31976  25037  81833  24061  US  DOLLAR  US  DOLLAR  As at 31.03.2022  EURO  As at 31.03.2021  PARTICULARS  EURO   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The dividend is paid to Non Resident shareholders in Indian Rupee by crediting to their Rupee Bank account.

## 48.  VALUE OF RAW MATERIALS

| 48.1 Imported Value of  Spares and Components  818.48  4.37%  (794.24)  (5.97%)  48.2 Indigenous Value of  a  Sugarcane  143053.44  100%  (109417.12)  (100%)  b  Granite Rough Blocks  1982.60  100%  (787.83)  (100%)  c  Molasses  3559.79  100%  (1995.23)  (100%)  d  Pressmud  75.74  100%  (71.79)  (100%)  e  Spares and Components  17898.60  95.63%  (12502.79)  (94.03%)  % to total  consumption  Consumption  (  `  in Lakhs)  PARTICULARS   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 49.  VALUE OF IMPORTS ON C.I.F. BASIS :

<!-- image -->

( in Lakhs) `

| 31.03.2022  31.03.2021  For the Year Ended  PARTICULARS  a.  Granite Products  25.27  -  b.  Spare and Components  490.79  871.91   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 50. EXPENDITURE IN FOREIGN CURRENCY  :

( in Lakhs) `

| 1.  Subscription  1.90  1.18  2.  Sales Promotion Expenses  -  2.64   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 51. EARNINGS IN FOREIGN EXCHANGE :

( in Lakhs) `

| F.O.B   Value of Exports  2029.63  2398.82   |
|----------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## 52. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

## a)    Financial Instruments by category

## As at 31st March 2022

( in Lakhs) `

| PARTICULARS  Total fair  Value  Note  No.  Carrying Value  Amortised  Cost  FVTOCI  FINANCIAL ASSETS  NON-CURRENT  Investments  5  121.81  2.75  119.06  CURRENT  Trade Receivables  8  34555.55  34555.55  Cash and Cash Equivalents  9  284.33  284.33  Bank Balance other than Cash and Cash equivalents  10  60.82  60.82  Loans  11  95.58  95.58  Others  12  701.96  701.96  Total  35820.05  35700.99  119.06  FINANCIAL LIABILITIES  NON - CURRENT  Borrowing  16  12368.40  12368.40  Lease Liabilities  17  39.16  39.16  Other Liabilities  18  617.49  617.49  CURRENT  Borrowing  21  83627.91  83627.91  Lease Liabilities  22  27.85  27.85  Trade Payables  23  8667.36  8667.36  Other Liabilities  24  1949.58  1949.58  Total  107297.75  107297.75   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## As at 31st March 2021

<!-- image -->

( in Lakhs) `

| PARTICULARS  Total fair  Value  Note  No.  Carrying Value  Amortised  Cost  FVTOCI  FINANCIAL ASSETS  NON-CURRENT  Investments  5  95.53  2.75  92.78  CURRENT  Trade Receivables  8  16076.09  16076.09  Cash and Cash Equivalents  9  320.16  320.16  Bank Balance other than Cash and Cash equivalents  10  64.07  64.07  Loans  11  85.44  85.44  Others  12  4953.74  4953.74  Total  21595.03  21502.25  92.78  FINANCIAL LIABILITIES  NON - CURRENT  Borrowing  16  16914.92  16914.92  Lease Liabilities  17  37.62  37.62  Other Liabilities  18  562.55  562.55  CURRENT  Borrowing  21  70185.79  70185.79  Lease Liabilities  22  27.95  27.95  Trade Payables  23  5969.56  5969.56  Other Liabilities  24  1692.01  1692.01  Total  95390.40  95390.40   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## b) Fair Value Hierarchy

## Fair Value Measurement Hierarchy of Financial Instruments :

The Company uses the following Fair Value Hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value of the finanicial instruments.

Level 1 :

quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilties.

Level 2 :

inputs other than quoted prices included in level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.

Level 3 :

inputs that are unobservable for the asset or liability.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

( ` in Lakhs)

| PARTICULARS  Level 1  Note  No.  Level 2  Total fair  Value  Level 3  Financial Assets at FVTOCI - 31.03.2022  5  119.06  --  --  119.06  Financial Assets at FVTOCI - 31.03.2021  5  92.78  --  --  92.78   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Fair Value Measured at amortised Cost:

The carrying amount of financial assets and liabilities measured at amortised cost in the financial statements are a reasonable approximation of their fair values since the company does not anticipate that the carrying amount would be significantly different from the values that would eventually be received or settled.

## 53. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT - OBJECTIVES &amp; POLICIES

The Company's principal financial liabilities includes borrowings, trade payable and other financial liabilities. The main purpose of these financial liabilities is to finance the Company's operations. The Company's principal financial assets include investments, trade receivables, cash and cash equivalents, Bank Balance other than cash and cash equivalent, loans and other financial assets that derive directly from its operations.

The Company is exposed to market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The Company's senior management under the supervision of Risk management committee / Board of Directors oversees the management of these risks and the appropriate financial risk governance framework for the Company. The senior management provides assurance that the Company's financial risk activities are governed by appropriate policies and procedures and that financial risks are identified, measured and managed in accordance with the Company's policies and risk objectives.

## a) Market risk

Market risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market price. Market risk comprises three types of risk: interest rate risk, currency risk and other risks, such as regulatory risk and commodity price risk. Financial Instruments affected by market risk includes investment, borrowings, trade receivable, trade payable and loans.

## i) Interest rate risk

Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rate. The Company's exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Company's borrowings obligations with floating interest rate. Interest rate risk is managed by maintaining a combination of fixed and floating rate debt and cash management policies. There is no material interest risk to the company's financial liabilities.

## ii) Foreign currency risk

Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate because of changes in foreign exchange rate. The Company's exposure to the risk of changes in foreign exchange rate relates primarily to the Company's foreign currency denominated financial assets and financial liabilities.

The carrying amounts of the Company's foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities at the end of the reporting period is as under.

<!-- image -->

( in Lakhs) `

| US  Euro  TOTAL  Dollar  24.30  59.89  22.25  -  21.35  20.51  174.43  296.98  45.65  80.40  196.68  296.98  31.03.2022  31.03.2022  Liabilities  31.03.2021  Assets  Foreign Currency  31.03.2021   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above table represents total exposure of the Company towards foreign exchange denominated liabilities (net). The details of unhedged exposures are given as part of Note No.47.

The company determines the sensitivity of 10% increase or decrease in the foreign currency rate. The impact on the profit after tax and total equity at the reporting date, assuming other factors constant except the exchange difference will be ` 15.10 Lakhs ( ` 21.66 Lakhs).

## iii) Other price risk

Other price risk is the risk that the fair value of a financial instrument will fluctuate due to changes in market traded price. The Company is exposed to price risk arising mainly from investments in equity instruments recognised at FVTOCI. As at 31st March, 2022, the carrying value of such equity instruments recognised at FVTOCI amounts to ` 119.06 Lakhs ( ` 92.78 Lakhs). The details of such investments in equity instruments are given in Note No 5.

## b) Credit risk

Credit risk is the risk that counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument leading to a financial loss. Credit risk arising from trade receivables is managed in accordance with the Company's established policy, procedures and control relating to customer credit risk management. The Company had managed the credit risk with respect to trade receivables by selling majority of sugar sales covering minimal portion on credit basis.

The Company's exposure and credit ratings of its counterparties are continuously monitored and the aggregate value of transactions is reasonably spread amongst the counterparties. The company manages the risk by credit aprroval. Credit quality of  a  customer  is  assessed  based  on  a  detailed  study  of  credit  worthiness  and  accordingly  individual  credit  limits  are defined/modified.

The impairment for financial assets are based on assumptions about risk of default and expected loss rates. The Company uses judgement in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation, based on the Company's past history, existing market conditions as well as forward looking estimates at the end of each balance sheet date. The company has recognised ` 565.60 Lakhs ( ` 212.28 Lakhs) towards provision for Expected Credit Loss on the trade receivables for the year ended 31.03.2022.

Financial asset are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. However, the Company continues to attempt to recover the receivables and are recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss when recovered.

## c) Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will encounter difficulty in raising funds to meet commitments associated with financial instruments that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. Liquidity risk may result for an inability to sell a financial asset quickly close to its fair value.

The Company has an established liquidity risk management framework for managing its short term, medium term and long term funding. The Company also has adequate credit facilities agreed with banks to ensure that there is sufficient cash to meet all its normal operating commitments in a timely and cost-effective manner.

<!-- image -->

( in Lakhs) `

| As at 31.03.2022  Borrowing  83627.91  12026.51  341.89  95996.31  Trade Payables  8667.36  8667.36  Lease Liabilities (Ind AS 116)  27.85  39.16  67.01  Other Financial Liabilities  1949.58  617.49  2567.07  94272.70  12683.16  341.89  107297.75  As at 31.03.2021  Borrowing  70185.79  14584.82  2330.10  87100.71  Trade Payables  5969.56  5969.56  Lease Liabilities (Ind AS 116)  27.95  37.62  65.57  Other Financial Liabilities  1692.01  380.07  182.48  2254.56  77875.31  15002.51  2512.48  95390.40  Particulars  Less than  1 year  Between 1  and 5 years  More than  5 years  Total   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 54. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

The objective of Capital Management is to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern and optimise the returns to shareholders. Capital includes paid up equity capital, securities premium and all other equity reserves attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company and debt refers to Long Term Borrowings, Short Term Borrowings and interest accrued thereon for the purpose of Capital Management of the Company.

The Company manages its capital structure and makes adjustments in light of changes in the financial condition and the requirements of the financial covenants. The capital structure of the Company consist of net debt and total equity of the Company.

In order to achieve this overall objectives, the Company's capital management, amongst other things, aims to ensure that it meets financial covenants attached to the interest-bearing loans and borrowings that define capital structure requirements. The Company has complied with  these covenants and there have been no breaches in the financial covenants of any interest-bearing loans and borrowings.

## The following table summarizes the capital of the Company :

( in Lakhs) `

| Equity  139745.61  133001.19  Debt  96808.23  87727.82  Less : Cash and Cash Equivalents  284.33  320.16  Net Debt  96523.90  87407.66  Net Debt to Equity Ratio  69.07%  65.72%  31.03.2022  31.03.2021  PARTICULARS   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 55.  TAX EXPENSES

## I)     Tax Expenses recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss

<!-- image -->

( in Lakhs) `

| Current Tax  On Taxable Income for the year  2220.53  2088.32  Total Current Tax expenses  2220.53  2088.32  Deferred Tax  In respect of current year  (176.32)  (318.33)  MAT credit entitlement  2130.33  469.60  Total Deferred Tax expenses  1954.01  151.27  Income Tax Expenses recognised in the Statement of  Profit &amp; Loss  4174.54  2239.59  31.03.2022  31.03.2021  PARTICULARS  For the year ended   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ii)    Tax Expenses recognised in Other Comprehensive Income

( in Lakhs) `

| Deferred Tax Expense/(Benefit) on  Fair Value Gain/(Loss) on Equity Instruments through OCI  9.19  10.31  Remeasurement of Defined Benefit Plan  (16.18)  56.15  Tax Expenses/(Benefits) recognised in Other  Comprehensive Income  (6.99)  66.46  31.03.2022  31.03.2021  PARTICULARS  For the year ended   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## iii)   Reconciliation of Income Tax expenses and Accounting Profit

( in Lakhs) `

The Income Tax expense for the year can be reconciled to the accounting profit as follows :

| Profit Before Tax  12172.93  11453.59  Income Tax Rate  34.944%  34.944%  Income tax expenses calculated  4253.71  4002.34  Tax effect of the amounts which are not deductible /  (taxable) in calculating taxable income  Effect of expenses that are not deductible in determining  taxable profit  2743.45  2157.89  Effect of expenses that are deductible in determining  taxable profit  (2151.30)  (1907.74)  Income exempted from Income Taxes  5.89  (6.39)  Incentive tax credits  (677.21)  (2006.51)  Income tax recognised in the statement of profit and loss  4174.54  2239.59  31.03.2022  31.03.2021  PARTICULARS  For the year ended   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The company has made an assessment on the impact of Section 115 BAA of the Income Tax Act, 1961 and decided to continue with the existing tax structure until utilization of accumulated MAT credit.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED

## 56. ADDITIONAL REGULATORY INFORMATION

- i) Title Deed of Immovable Properties not held in the name of the Company: All  immovable  properties  of the Company are held in the name of the Company.
2. ii) Fair Value of Investment Property : The Company as on the reporting date doesn't have any Investment Property.
3. iii) Revaluation of Property, Plant and Equipment : The  Company has not revalued the Property, Plant and Equipment during the year.
4. iv) Revaluation of Intangible Assets : Not Applicable.
- v) Loans and advances granted to Promoters, Directors, KMPs and the related parties : The Company has not granted any loans to promoters, directors, KMPs and the related parties as defined under Companies Act, 2013 either jointly or severally with any other person that are repayable on demand or without specifying any terms or period of repayment.
6. vi) Capital Work-in-Progress : The ageing schedule  of Capital Work-in-Progress has been disclosed in Note No. 2 - Property, Plant and Equipment.
7. vii) Intangible Assets under development : Not Applicable.
8. viii) Details of Benami Property : Nil
9. ix) Reconciliation of Statement of Current Assets filed by the Company with banks for Working Capital facilities  availed by the Company:

Name of the Bank :

Punjab National Bank (Consortium Leader).

Particulars of Security Provided :

Current Assets of Sugar and Granite Division.

## Year ended 31.03.2022

( in Lakhs) `

| 30.06.2021  80957.71  76540.64  4417.07  30.09.2021  96735.06  88771.51  7963.55  31.12.2021  82020.42  72692.87  9327.55  31.03.2022  107587.35  91088.24  16499.11  Quarter Ended  Amount as per  Books of  Accounts  Amount as  reported in the  quarterly  statement  filed with banks  Difference  Reason for Difference  The difference in value arises due to  the  fact  that  the  valuation  of  Sugar  stock  as  per  statement  provided  to  bank  is  based  on  the  Circular  issued  by  Reserve  Bank  of  India  RBI/2015-16  /95  dated  July  1,  2015 whereas the valuation of sugar  stock is in accordance with Ind AS 2  in  the  books  of  accounts  and  the  exclusion of certain current asstets of  the  company  in  the  statement  filed  with the bank.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Year ended 31.03.2021

<!-- image -->

( in Lakhs) `

| 30.06.2020  82546.65  81784.37  762.28  30.09.2020  83675.35  81693.47  1981.88  31.12.2020  85422.98  78591.64  6831.34  31.03.2021  97795.74  96768.06  1027.68  Quarter Ended  Amount as per  Books of  Accounts  Amount as  reported in the  quarterly  statement  filed with banks  Difference  Reason for Difference  The difference in value arises due to  the  fact  that  the  valuation  of  Sugar  stock  as  per  statement  provided  to  bank is based on the Circular issued  by Reserve Bank of India RBI/2015-  16 /95 dated July 1, 2015 whereas  the  valuation  of  sugar  stock  is  in  accordance with Ind AS 2 in the books  of  accounts  and  the  exclusion  of  certain current assets of the company  in the statement filed with the bank.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- x) Wilful Defaulter : The Company has not been declared wilful defaulter.
2. xi) Relationship with struck off companies : Nil
3. xii) Registration/ Satisfaction of charges with Registrar of Companies : The Company does not have any charges yet to be registered or file the satisfaction of charges with Registrar of Companies beyond the statutory period.
4. xiii) Layers of Companies : The Company does not have any subsidiary or associate company.
5. xiv) Approved Scheme of Arrangements: Nil
6. xv) Utilisation of Borrowed funds and Share premium:
- A) The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company (ultimate beneficiaries) or provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
- B) The Company has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding Party) with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Group shall  directly  or  indirectly  lend  or  invest  in  other  persons  or  entities  identified  in  any  manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the funding party (ultimate beneficiaries) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries.

<!-- image -->

## xvi)    Key Financial Ratios

## BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LIMITED

| Current Ratio (in times)  Current Assets  Current Liabilities  1.46  1.49  (2.01%)  Debt-Equity Ratio (in times)  Long term + Short Term  Shareholder's Equity  0.69  0.66  4.55%  Borrowings + interest  accrued thereon  Debt Service Coverage  Earnings available for  Interest &amp; Lease  1.69  1.18  43.22%  Due to Lower  Ratio (in times)  Debt Services (Net Profit  Payments +  schedule of  after tax+ depreciation +  Installments  repayment  interest and other non-cash  adjustments)  Return on Equity Ratio (in %)  Net profit after taxes  Average  5.87  7.14  (17.79%)  Shareholder's Equity  Inventory turnover ratio  Sale of Goods  Average Inventory  1.96  1.54  27.27%  Increased Turnover  (in times)  Trade Receivables turnover  Revenue from Operations  Trade Receivables and  5.78  7.45  (22.42%)  ratio (in times)  Subsidy Receivables  Trade payables turnover ratio  Total Purchases  Trade Payables  16.60  18.46  (10.08%)  (in times)  Net capital turnover ratio  Revenue from Operations  Working Capital  4.45  3.75  18.67%  (in times)  Net profit ratio (in %)  Net Profit After Taxes  Revenue from Operations  4.00  5.90  (32.20%)  Previous year ratio  is higher due to  State subsidies  Return on Capital employed  Earnings Before Interest  Capital employed  6.39  6.94  (7.93%)  (in %)  and Taxes (EBIT)  Return on investment (in %)  Earnings Before Interest,  Investment (Total Assets)  8.60  9.19  (6.42%)  Depreciation and Taxes  (EBIDT)  Particulars  Numerator  Denominator  31.03.2022  31.03.2021  Variance  Reason for Variance   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

- 57 . Previous year's figures have been regrouped / reclassified wherever necessary.

## 58. COVID-19   PANDEMIC  - IMPACT

No material impact on the business of the company during reporting period due to COVID 19.

## 59. EVENTS OCCURING AFTER BALANCE SHEET DATE - PROPOSED DIVIDEND

The Board of Directors at its meeting held on 30th May 2022 has recommended a payment of final dividend of ` 10/- per equity share for the year ended 31st March, 2022 amounting to ` 1253.97 lakhs.

The above is subject to  approval  at  the  ensuing  Annual  General  Meeting  of  the  Company  and  hence  is  not recognised as a liability.

## 60. APPROVAL OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Financial statements are reviewed and recommended  by Audit Committee and approved for issue by the Board of Directors at their meeting held on 30th May 2022.

As per our report of even date attached

| S V BALASUBRAMANIAM Chairman DIN 00002405  B SARAVANAN Managing Director DIN 00002927  M RAMPRABHU Chief Financial Officer  For P K NAGARAJAN &amp; Co.,  Chartered Accountants Firm Regn. No: 016676S  Partner M No 241168  VIGNESA SOMATHURAI PANDIAN  C PALANISWAMY  Company Secretary   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Place

: Coimbatore

Date

: 30.05.2022

<!-- image -->

## Financial Performance - Year Wise

( in Lakhs) `

| 1985-1986  373.26  85.15  1421.08  247.65  192.32  55.33  15  1986-1987  374.81  150.60  1585.78  258.56  117.68  140.88  15  1987-1989  374.95  558.79  3157.49  743.55  200.87  542.68  25  (18 months)  1989-1990  375.00  821.84  2941.28  479.29  127.04  352.25  18  1990-1991  375.00  1097.53  3035.74  470.31  169.05  301.26  20  1991-1992  375.00  1381.32  4354.55  572.49  244.04  328.45  21  1992-1993  375.00  1526.96  6154.24  623.38  415.35  208.03  21  1993-1994  753.97  3004.49  5502.34  486.04  382.17  103.87  21  1994-1995  953.97  4937.00  12219.55  853.98  403.98  450.00  22  1995-1996  953.97  6107.79  15686.98  1895.45  533.78  1361.67  24  1996-1997  953.97  7201.67  16133.02  1884.43  560.90  1323.53  25  1997-1998  953.97  8704.64  14229.49  2292.81  568.50  1724.31  25  1998-1999  953.97  9737.98  20572.87  2009.33  598.43  1410.60  25  1999-2000  953.97  11071.16  23242.80  2425.92  675.51  1750.41  25  2000-2001  953.97  12728.83  30792.42  3655.88  1710.46  1945.42  27  2001-2002  953.97  12296.57  36158.79  4727.63  1652.41  3075.22  33  2002-2003  953.97  13265.96  34823.17  4429.97  2160.88  2269.09  30  2003-2004  953.97  16192.33  45778.58  7298.47  2705.14  4593.33  36  2004-2005  953.97  20070.14  38318.31  8826.31  3200.10  5626.21  45  2005-2006  953.97  27158.61  49408.86  13878.66  4307.00  9571.66  70  2006-2007  953.97  40572.76  69116.18  14570.19  3734.83  10835.36  70  2007-2008  1143.97  43825.26  60608.73  7397.92  3481.86  3916.06  70  2008-2009  1143.97  54270.49  67404.42  16597.74  3408.23  13189.51  100  2009-2010  1143.97  67301.16  85346.50  23807.83  3834.06  19973.77  100  2010-2011  1143.97  71273.33  111880.26  12692.25  7083.08  5609.17  100  2011-2012  1143.97  80355.33  126046.54  17920.15  6676.92  11243.23  100  2012-2013  1143.97  93055.51  148321.54  23430.89  5995.44  17435.45  125  2013-2014  1143.97  94256.37  107709.57  8410.18  5195.53  3214.65  125  2014-2015  1143.97  94044.97  96109.23  5159.42  5125.55  33.87  25  2015-2016  1143.97  90805.37  142741.00  9139.79  6154.07  2985.72  75  2016-2017  1253.97  105453.78  141571.72  25630.74  6945.21  18685.53  125  2017-2018  1253.97  112302.75  107504.40  18198.47  6960.50  11237.97  100  2018-2019  1253.97  118334.43  152012.66  15961.35  6677.49  9283.86  100  2019-2020  1253.97  126239.52  164553.52  19098.42  6494.04  12604.38  100  2020-2021  1253.97  134354.49  159447.43  18025.72  6572.13  11453.59  100  2021-2022  1253.97  141085.89  200186.89  18958.60  6785.67  12172.93  100  Equity  Share  Capital  Financial  Year  Reserves  &amp;  Surplus  Turnover*  Depreciation  Profit  before  Tax  Dividend on  Equity  Shares (%)  Profit  before  Depreciation   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Turnover = Net Sales + Closing Stock - Opening Stock

* Excludes inter-segment transfers

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->