<!-- image -->

## 'ROPHY GROUP HOLDINGS LIMI

## CHARACTERISTICS OF GEM OF THE STOCK EXCHANGE OF HONG KONG LIMITED (THE 'STOCK EXCHANGE')

GEM has been positioned as a market designed to accommodate small and mid-sized companies to which a higher investment risk may be attached than other companies listed on the Stock Exchange. Prospective investors  should  be  aware  of  the  potential  risks  of  investing  in  such  companies  and  should  make  the decision to invest only after due and careful consideration.

Given that the companies listed on GEM are generally small and mid-sized companies, there is a risk that securities  traded  on  GEM  may  be  more  susceptible  to  high  market  volatility  than  securities  traded  on  the Main Board and no assurance is given that there will be a liquid market in the securities traded on GEM.

The  Hong  Kong  Exchanges  and  Clearing  Limited  and  the  Stock  Exchange  take  no  responsibility  for  the  contents  of this report, make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for  any  loss  howsoever  arising  from  or  in  reliance  upon  the  whole  or  any  part  of  the  contents  of  this  report.

This  report,  for  which  the  directors  (the  ' Directors ')  of  Basetrophy  Group  Holdings  Limited  (the  ' Company '  and together  with  its  subsidiaries,  the  ' Group ')  collectively  and  individually  accept  full  responsibility,  includes  particulars given  in  compliance  with  the  Rules  Governing  the  Listing  of  Securities  on  GEM  (the  ' GEM  Listing  Rules ')  of  the Stock  Exchange  for  the  purpose  of  giving  information  with  regard  to  the  Company.  The  Directors,  having  made  all reasonable  enquiries,  confirm  that,  to  the  best  of  their  knowledge  and  belief  the  information  contained  in  this  report is  accurate and complete in all material respects and not misleading or deceptive, and there are no other matters the omission of  which  would  make  any  statement  in  this  report  misleading.

## Contents

| Corporate Information  02  Chairman's Statement  03  Management Discussion and Analysis  04  Biographical  Details  of  the  Directors  and  Senior  Management  10  Directors'  Report  14  Corporate Governance Report  24  Environmental,  Social  and  Governance  Report  38  Independent Auditors' Report  55  Consolidated Statement of Profit  or  Loss  and  Other  Comprehensive  Income  61  Consolidated Statement of Financial  Position  62  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  64  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  65  Notes to the Consolidated Financial  Statements  66  Financial  Summary  120   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Corporate Information

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Executive Directors:

Mr.  Lau  Chung  Ho (Chief  Executive  Officer)

Mr.  Leung  Yat  Fai  Frankie  Keith (Chairman)

Ms. Fong Pui Yin Vivian

Ms. Du Wanfen (appointed on 29 April 2022)

Mr.  Li  Aiming (appointed  on  29  April  2022)

## Independent non-executive Directors:

Mr.  Ng  Ki  Man

Mr.  Lam  Chee-yau Timothy

Mr.  Ngok  Ho  Wai (appointed  on  19  January  2022)

Mr.  Iu  Tak  Meng  Teddy (resigned  on  12  February  2022)

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

Mr.  Ng  Ki  Man (Chairman)

Mr.  Lam  Chee-yau Timothy

Mr.  Ngok  Ho  Wai  (appointed  on  12  February  2022)

Mr.  Iu  Tak  Meng  Teddy (resigned  on  12  February  2022)

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Mr.  Ngok  Ho  Wai (Chairman)

(appointed  on  12  February  2022)

Mr.  Ng  Ki  Man

Mr.  Lam  Chee-yau Timothy

Mr.  Iu  Tak  Meng  Teddy (Chairman)

(resigned  on  12  February  2022)

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

Mr.  Lam  Chee-yau Timothy (Chairman)

Mr.  Ng  Ki  Man

Mr.  Ngok  Ho  Wai

(appointed  on  12  February  2022)

Mr.  Iu  Tak  Meng  Teddy (resigned  on  12  February  2022)

## AUDITOR

HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited

Certified  Public  Accountants 31/F,  Gloucester  Tower The Landmark, 11 Pedder Street Central Hong Kong

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr.  Chan  Kui  Ming (appointed  on  30  April  2022)

Ms. Yim Sau Ping (resigned on 30 April 2022)

## AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES

Mr.  Lau  Chung  Ho

Mr.  Chan  Kui  Ming (appointed  on  30  April  2022)

Ms. Yim Sau Ping (resigned on 30 April 2022)

## COMPLIANCE OFFICER

Mr.  Lau  Chung  Ho

## LEGAL ADVISERS AS TO HONG KONG LAWS

CFN Lawyers in association with Broad and Bright Units  4101-04,  41/F

Sun Hung Kai Centre

30 Harbour Road

Wan Chai

Hong Kong

## REGISTERED OFFICE IN THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

Windward 3, Regatta Office Park

PO Box 1350

Grand Cayman KY1-1108

Cayman Islands

## HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG

Unit  18,  29/F New Tech Plaza 34 Tai  Yau  Street

San Po Kong

Kowloon

## PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE IN CAYMAN ISLANDS

Ocorian Trust  (Cayman)  Limited Windward 3, Regatta Office Park PO Box 1350

Grand Cayman KY1-1108

Cayman Islands

## BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE IN HONG KONG

Tricor  Investor  Services  Limited 17/F,  Far  East  Finance  Centre 16 Harcourt Road

Hong Kong

## PRINCIPAL BANKER

Dah Sing Bank, Limited

The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited

## COMPANY'S WEBSITE

www.wbgroupfw.com.hk

## STOCK CODE

8460

## Chairman's Statement

## Dear Shareholders ：

On  behalf  of  the  Board  of  Directors  (the  ' Board ')  of  Basetrophy  Group  Holdings  Limited  (the  ' Company ')  and  its subsidiaries  (collectively  the  ' Group '),  I  am  glad  to  present  the  annual  report  of  the  Group  for  the  year  ended  31 December 2022.

In  2022,  the  COVID-19 pandemic was still spreading widely in Hong Kong. However, as the government's pandemic prevention  measure  has  matured,  the  pandemic  has  gradually  subsided.  In  March  2023,  the  government  has  lifted the  mask  mandate  arrangement  and  all  social  distancing  measures.  The  Group  has  taken  effective  measures  during the  pandemic  to  protect  the  safety  and  health  of  its  employees,  so  as  to  minimize  the  impact  of  the  pandemic  on the Group's operating and financial performance and to protect the interest of the shareholders of the Company (the ' Shareholders ').

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group's total revenue was approximately HK$86.5 million, representing a decrease of approximately HK$2.3 million compared with the year ended 31 December 2021. The decrease was due to  delay  in  progress  of  certain  projects  as  a  result  of  the  outbreak  of  the  COVID-19  pandemic;  (ii)  the  provision  for impairment of trade receivables and contract assets; and (iii)  the  decrease  in  other  income  as  a  result  of  absence  of subsidies of the Employment Support Scheme under the Anti-epidemic Fund, set up by the Hong Kong Government. For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group recorded a net loss of approximately HK$6.5 million as compared to  a  net  profit  of  approximately  HK$0.6  million  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2021.  As  at  16  December  2022, the Group planned to start the business of property agency and target to cover property market outside Hong Kong, including  but  not  limited  to  Japan,  Middle-East  and  Mainland  China.

Looking  into  the  future,  the  Board  and  the  management  team  will  prudently  formulate  development  strategies  with industry  knowledge  and  resources.  While  strengthening  the  core  business  of  the  Group,  we  will  seek  development opportunities  that  may  bring  benefits  to  the  Group  in  Hong  Kong  and  the  Greater  Bay  Area,  to  provide  customers diversified  services  and,  creating  value  for  the  Shareholders.  Lastly,  on  behalf  of  the  Board,  I  would  like  to  take  this opportunity  to  express  my  sincere  gratitude  to  the  Shareholders,  customers  and  business  partners  for  their  support and trust.

## Chairman and Executive Director

Leung Yat Fai Frankie Keith

Hong Kong, 31 March 2023

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## BUSINESS REVIEW

The  Group  is  (i)  a  contractor  of  foundation  works  in  Hong  Kong  capable  of  foundation  jobs  which  mainly  include excavation  and  lateral  support  (ELS)  works,  sheet  piling,  pipe  piling,  pre-boring,  pre-bored  H-piling,  mini-piling,  and bored  piling;  (ii)  a  subcontractor  for  site  formation  works  and  other  geotechnical  engineering  works  such  as  slope works and other minor geotechnical works such as shotcreting; and (iii) trading of alcoholic beverages in the People's Republic  of  China  (the  ' PRC ').

The  shares  of  the  Company  were  listed  on  GEM  of  the  Stock  Exchange  on  27  June  2017  (the  ' Listing  Date ')  by way of public  offer.

For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group recorded a net loss of approximately HK$6.5 million as compared to  a  net  profit  of  approximately  HK$0.6  million  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2021.

## OUTLOOK

The  Directors  are  of  the  view  that  the  general  outlook  of  the  industry  and  the  business  environment  in  which  the Group  operates  remain  difficult  and  challenging.  Over  the  past  year,  the  outbreak  of  COVID-19  has  had  a  drastic effect on the Hong Kong economy and imposed negative impacts on the construction industry, including supply chain disruptions,  workforce  shortages  due  to  illness  and  preventative  quarantines  and  work  stoppages  due  to  measures imposed by the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (the ' Government '). The Group has not encountered or experienced any material difficulty and/or delay in completion of the projects to the customers and from the  subcontractors  and  any  material  supply  chain  disruptions  of  the  suppliers  due  to  the  outbreak  of  COVID-19.  The Group will  also  closely  monitor  the  projects'  progress  and  communicate  with  suppliers  and  subcontractors,  maintain close  communication  with  customers  on  the  latest  project  works  schedules  and  arrangements,  proactively  follow  up with  potential  customers  on  the  tenders  and  quotations  submitted,  and  actively  respond  to  any  business  enquiries, tender  and  quotation  invitations  to  maintain  market  competitiveness.  In  December  2022,  the  Group  planned  to  start the  business  of  property  agency  and  target  to  cover  property  market  outside  Hong  Kong,  including  but  not  limited to  Japan, Middle-East and Mainland China. The Group will continue to strive to improve its operational efficiency and business  profitability  and  will  also  proactively  seek  for  potential  business  opportunities  that  can  broaden  the  sources of  income  of  the  Group  and  enhance  value  to  the  shareholders.

## PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

The Directors believe that there are certain risks and uncertainties involved in the operations, some of which are beyond the Group's control. The Directors believe the relatively significant risks relating to the Group's business are as follows:

- -A  significant  portion  of  the  Group's  revenue  was  generated  from  contracts  which  were  not  recurrent  in  nature and were awarded by a few customers, and there is no guarantee that such customers will provide the Group with  new  business;
- -As  the  Group  from  time  to  time  engages  subcontractors  in  its  projects,  the  Group  may  have  to  bear responsibilities for any non-performance, delayed performance, sub-standard performance or non-compliance of the  subcontractors;  and
- -There  may  be  discrepancies  between  the  ground  investigation  findings  and  the  actual  geological  conditions  of the  site  which  may  cause  the  Group  to  incur  additional  cost  or  result  in  potential  claims  which  are  not  insured and  adversely  affect  the  Group's  profitability  as  the  related  contracts  are  usually  of  a  fixed  sum  without  price adjustment mechanism.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

A  detailed  discussion  of  the  risk  factors  is  set  forth  in  the  section  headed  'Risk  Factors'  in  the  prospectus  of  the Company dated 14 June 2017 (the ' Prospectus ').

## COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

To  the  best  of  the  Directors'  knowledge,  information  and  belief,  the  Group  has  complied  in  material  respects  with the  relevant  laws  and  regulations  that  have  a  significant  impact  on  the  business  and  operation  of  the  Group.  During the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  there  was  no  material  breach  of  or  non-compliance  of  the  applicable  laws  and regulations  by  the  Group.

## ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

The  Board  has  overall  responsibility  for  the  Group's  environmental,  social  and  governance  (' ESG ')  strategy  and reporting. The Board is responsible for the Group's ESG risk management and internal control systems to ensure that the  ESG  strategies  and  reporting  requirements  are  met.

The details  of  ESG  performance  of  the  Group  are  set  out  in  the  ESG  report  on  pages  38-54  of  this  report.

## RELATIONSHIP WITH CUSTOMERS, SUPPLIERS,  SUBCONTRACTORS  AND EMPLOYEES

The  Group  maintains  a  good  relationship  with  its  employees  and  certain  policies  have  been  implemented  to  ensure that  its  employees  are  provided  with  competitive  remuneration,  good  welfare  benefits  and  continuous  professional training.  The  Group also maintains good relationships with its customers and suppliers, without whom success in the Group's business and operation would be at risk.

## FINANCIAL REVIEW

## Revenue

The Group's revenue decreased by approximately HK$2.3 million or 2.6% from approximately HK$88.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 to approximately HK$86.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, mainly due to  delay  in  progress  of  certain  projects  as  a  result  of  the  outbreak  of  the  COVID-19  pandemic.

## Costs of sales

The  Group's  cost  of  sales  decreased  from  approximately  HK$77.9  million  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2021 to  approximately  HK$70.2  million  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  representing  a  decrease  of  approximately HK$7.7 million  or  9.9%.  Such  decrease  was  generally  in  line  with  the  decrease  in  revenue.

## Gross profit and gross profit margin

The Group's gross profit for the year ended 31 December 2022 were approximately HK$16.3 million, representing an increase  of  approximately  49.0%  from  approximately  HK$10.9  million  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2021.  Such increase  was  mainly  due  to  the  increase  in  gross  profit  margin.  The  Group's  gross  profit  margin  for  the  year  ended 31  December  2022  was  approximately  18.8%,  representing  an  increase  of  approximately  6.5  percentage  points  as compared  to  approximately  12.3%  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2021.  Such  increase  was  primarily  due  to  the effects  of  decisive  cost  control  initiatives  which  have  been  taken  by  the  management  of  the  Group.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## Other income and other gain

The  other  income  and  other  gain  decreased  by  approximately  HK$3.0  million  from  approximately  HK$4.5  million  for the year ended 31 December 2021 to approximately HK$1.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, primarily due to one-off gain of approximately HK$2.5 million related to disposal of property, plant and equipment for the year ended 31 December 2021.

## Administrative and other operating expenses

The Group's administrative and other operating expenses for the year ended 31 December 2022 were approximately HK$11.7 million, representing an increase of approximately HK$1.0 million or 9.0% from approximately HK$10.7 million for  the  year  ended  31  December  2021,  primarily  due  to  increase  in  staff  costs.

## Finance Costs

Finance  costs  of  the  Group  decreased  by  approximately  HK$0.3  million  from    approximately  HK$0.8  million  for  the year ended 31 December 2021 to approximately HK$0.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. Finance costs consist  of  interest  on  bank  and  other  borrowings  and  lease  liabilities.

## Income Tax Credit/Expense

For the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022, the Group recorded income tax expense of approximately HK$0.6 million  and  income  tax  credit  approximately  HK$0.6  million,  respectively.

## Loss for the year

For  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Group  recorded  a  loss  attributable  to  owners  of  the  Company  of approximately HK$6.5 million as compared to a profit attributable to owners of the Company of approximately HK$0.6 million  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2021.  The  loss  during  the  year  was  mainly  attributed  to  (i)  delay  in  progress of  certain  projects  as  a  result  of  the  outbreak  of  the  COVID-19  epidemic;  (ii)  the  provision  for  impairment  of  trade receivables and contract assets; and (iii) one-off gain of approximately HK$2.5 million related to disposal of property, plant  and  equipment  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2021.

## LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES

The Group finances its liquidity and capital requirements primarily through cash generated from operations, borrowings, lease  liabilities  and  equity  contribution  from  shareholders.

As at 31 December 2022, the Group had cash and bank balances of approximately HK$4.1 million (2021: approximately HK$4.4 million).

As at 31 December 2022, the Group's total equity attributable to owners of the Company amounted to approximately HK$61.3  million  (2021:  approximately  HK$66.2  million).  As  of  the  same  date,  the  Group's  total  debt,  comprising borrowings and lease liabilities,  amounted  to  approximately  HK$17.2  million  (2021:  approximately  HK$11.3  million).

On  the  Listing  Date,  the  Company  was  listed  on  GEM  by  way  of  public  offer  and  completed  the  public  offer of  250,000,000  shares  at  the  offer  price  of  HK$0.24  per  share.  The  net  proceeds  from  the  listing  amounted  to approximately  HK$39.4  million.  The  Directors  believe  that  with  the  new  capital  from  the  public  offer,  the  Group  is  in a  healthy  financial  position  to  expand  its  business  and  achieve  its  business  objectives.

## BORROWINGS AND GEARING RATIO

As at 31 December 2022, the Group had borrowings and lease liabilities of approximately HK$17.2 million which was denominated in Hong Kong dollars (2021: approximately HK$11.3 million). The Group's borrowings were primarily used in  financing  the  working  capital  requirement  of  its  operations.

As at 31 December 2022, the gearing ratio of the Group, calculated as the total interest-bearing liabilities divided by the  total  equity,  was  approximately  28.0%  (2021:  approximately  17.1%).

## TREASURY POLICY

The Directors  will  continue  to  follow  a  prudent  policy  in  managing  the  Group's  cash  balances  and  maintain  a  strong and healthy  liquidity  to  ensure  that  the  Group  is  well  placed  to  capture  future  growth  opportunities.

## CHARGE ON GROUP ASSETS

As at 31 December 2022, the Group has pledged its machinery and equipment with an aggregate net book value of approximately  HK$9.3 million  (2021:  approximately  HK$0.7  million).

As at 31 December 2022, the Group pledged the payment for a life insurance policy of a bank with the carrying amount of  approximately  HK$2.8  million  to  secure  the  bank  borrowings  of  the  Group  (2021:  approximately  HK$2.7  million).

To  better  manage  the  Group's  capital  structure  and  financing  needs,  the  Group  sometimes  enters  into  sale  and leaseback  arrangements  in  relation  to  machinery  leases.  These  legal  transfer  does  not  satisfy  the  requirements  of HKFRS 15  to  be  accounted  for  as  a  sale  of  the  machinery.  During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Group had  raised  approximately  HK$5.5  million  borrowings  in  respect  of  such  sale  and  leaseback  arrangements  (2021: approximately  HK$0.9 million).

## FOREIGN EXCHANGE EXPOSURE

All  of  the  revenue-generating  operations  and  borrowings  of  the  Group  were  mainly  transacted  in  Hong  Kong  dollars which  is  the  presentation  currency  of  the  Group,  except  for  certain  bank  balances  and  payment  for  life  insurance policy  which  are  denominated  in  US$.  Since  HK$  is  pegged  to  US$,  the  Directors  are  of  the  view  that  the  Group has limited  exposure  to  foreign  exchange  risk.  The  Group  currently  does  not  have  a  foreign  currency  hedging  policy.

## CAPITAL REORGANISATION

The  shares  of  the  Company  were  successfully  listed  on  GEM  of  the  Stock  Exchange  on  27  June  2017.  The  share capital of the Group only comprises of ordinary shares. The Company implemented a share consolidation (the ' Share Consolidation ')  which was approved by the shareholders on 7 July 2022. Pursuant to the Share Consolidation every ten share(s) of par value of HK$0.01 each in the share capital of the Company were consolidated into one consolidated share  (the  ' Consolidated Share ')  of  par  value  of  HK$0.10  each.

## ISSUANCE OF SHARES

On  31  May  2022,  the  Company  and  Subscriber  2  entered  into  a  subscription  agreement  of  Subscriber  2  (the ' Subscription  Agreement '),  pursuant  to  which  Subscriber  2  agreed  to  subscribe  for,  and  the  Company  agreed  to issue  and  allot  5,000,000  Consolidated  Shares  at  a  price  of  HK$0.40  per  new  Consolidated  Share  to  be  subscribed by  Subscriber  2  pursuant  to  the  terms  and  conditions  of  the  Subscription  Agreement.  Subscriber  2  is  a  third  party independent of and not connected with the Company and its connected persons. The issuance of the new Consolidated

## Management Discussion and Analysis

Shares to Subscriber 2 has been completed on 11 August 2022 (the ' Issuance of Shares ').  Details  of  the  Issuance of  Shares  are  set  out  in  the  announcements  of  the  Company  dated  31  May  2022,  15  July  2022,  29  July  2022  and 11 August 2022.

## CAPITAL STRUCTURE

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Company's  issued  share  capital  was  HK$11.5  million  and  the  number  of  its  issued ordinary  shares  was  115,000,000  of  HK$0.10  each.

## USE OF PROCEEDS FROM ISSUANCE OF SHARES

The net proceeds from the Issuance of Shares (after deduction of fees and other expenses of the Issuance of Shares) amounted to approximately HK$1,539,000, which will be utilised for operating funds purposes and for future investments of  the  Group  as  and  when  opportunities  arise.

As at 31 December 2022, all the net proceeds from the Issuance of Shares has been used for operating fund purposes.

## CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group  had  no  material  capital  commitments  (2021:  Nil)  contracted  but  not  provided for  property,  plant  and  equipment.

## SEGMENT INFORMATION

Segmental information of the Group is disclosed in  Note  5  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements.

## FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS

Save as disclosed  in  the  Prospectus  and  in  this  report,  the  Group  did  not  have  other  plans  for  material  investments or  capital  assets  as  of  31  December  2022.

## SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD, MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Group  did  not  have  any  significant  investments,  material  acquisitions or  disposals  of  subsidiaries,  associates  or  joint  ventures.

## CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As at  31  December 2022, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities  (2021:  Nil).

## FINAL DIVIDENDS

The Board does not recommend the payment of final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: Nil).

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## INFORMATION ON EMPLOYEES

As at  31  December  2022,  the  Group  had  54  full-time  employees  working  in  Hong  Kong  and  in  the  PRC  (2021:  25). The total staff costs, including Directors' emoluments and mandatory provident funds contributions, of the Group were approximately  HK$20.1 million  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  (2021:  approximately  HK$17.9  million).

Employees  are  remunerated  based  on  their  qualifications,  position  and  performance.  The  remuneration  offered  to employees  generally  includes  salaries,  allowances  and  discretionary  bonus.  Various  types  of  trainings  were  provided to  the  employees.

Details  of  the  Company's  share  option  schemes  is  set  out  in  Note  23  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements.

## Biographical Details of the Directors and Senior Management

Biographical details of the Directors of the Company and the senior management of the Group are set out as follows:

## EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

Mr. Lau Chung Ho （劉頌豪） (' Mr. Lau '),  aged  60,  is  the  chief  executive  officer  (the  ' Chief Executive Officer ')  of the Company, an executive Director, a controlling shareholder and the co-founder of the Group. Since July 2003, Mr. Lau has been a director of Workbase Engineering Limited. Mr. Lau was appointed as a Director on 4 January 2016 and was redesignated as an executive Director on 22 September 2016. As a dedicated leader since the commencement of the Group's operations and a key member of the executive management team, Mr. Lau is responsible for overseeing the  Group's  operations,  business  development,  human  resources,  finance  and  administration.  Mr.  Lau  has  over  39 years  of  experience  in  the  construction  industry,  during  which  he  gathered  extensive  knowledge  of  the  industry  and established  close  relationships  with  customers,  suppliers  and  subcontractors  alike.

Mr.  Lau  began  his  career  as  a  technician  apprentice  in  the  Engineering  Development  Department  of  the  Government in  April  1983.  He then worked as a works supervisor II in the Engineering Development Department, Civil Engineering Services  Department  and  Drainage  Services  Department  of  the  Government  between  July  1985  to  November  1989. He worked as a sub-agent of Hon Charm Engineering Limited during December 1989 to June 1991. From June 1991 to August 1992, Mr. Lau worked as sub-agent in Super Bright Engineering Limited, and was appointed as director in KHL Projects Limited in September 1992. Mr. Lau then joined Kenly (HK) Limited as a contracts manager in January 1995  to  December  2001,  after  which  he  worked  as  a  director  in  Teamwork  Civil  Engineering  Limited  from  January 2002 to May 2007.

Mr.  Lau  obtained  a  Certificate  in  Civil  Engineering  from  Haking  Wong  Technical  Institute  in  July  1985  and  a  Higher Certificate  in  Civil  Engineering  from  The  Hong  Kong  Polytechnic  University  (formerly  known  as  the  Hong  Kong Polytechnic)  in  November 1988. Mr. Lau was also admitted as an associate member of the Hong Kong Institution of Engineers in November 1990. Mr. Lau completed the Metal Scaffold Erecting and Dismantling for In-Service Supervisor Course  held  by  the  Construction  Industry  Training  Authority  and  the  Safety  Supervisor  Training  Course  held  by  the Hong Kong Safety Training Centre in July 2003 and May 2005, respectively.

Mr.  Leung  Yat  Fai  Frankie  Keith  (former  English  name  was  Leung  Yat  Fai  Frankie) （梁日輝） (' Mr.  Leung '), aged 53, was appointed as the vice chairman of the Board and executive Director on 8 February 2021. He has been re-designated  as  the  chairman  of  the  Board  (the  ' Chairman ')  and  executive  Director  on  10  May  2021.  Mr.  Leung obtained  a  Bachelor  of  Arts  from  The  University  of  Winnipeg  in  Canada  in  June  1993  and  a  Master  of  Business Administration  from  Murdoch  University  in  Australia  in  May  1997.

Mr. Leung has extensive experience in footwear and real estate development industry. Since 1992, Mr. Leung has been serving  as  a  legal  representative  of  Guangzhou  PATTY  footwear  Co.,  Limited*  ( 廣州芭迪鞋業有限公司 ),  the  business activities  of  which  include  footwear  business.  Mr.  Leung  has  been  serving  as  a  director  of  Joint  Good  Corporation Limited  since  2012,  the  nature  of  the  company's  business  is  real  estate  investment  and  development.  He  has  also been  serving  as  a  director  of  Links  Development  Limited  since  2013,  the  nature  of  the  company's  business  is  real estate  development  in  People's  Republic  of  China.

Mr.  Leung  is  the  spouse  of  Ms.  Fong  Pui  Yin  Vivian,  the  executive  Director.

## Biographical Details of the Directors and Senior Management

Ms. Fong Pui Yin Vivian (former English name was Fong Pui Yin) ( 方佩賢 ) (' Ms. Fong '), aged 52, was appointed as an executive Director on 31 August 2021. Ms. Fong obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree from University of Toronto in  June  1995.

Ms.  Fong  has  extensive  experience  in  leather  products  manufacturing  and  real  estate  development  industry.  Since July  2000,  Ms.  Fong  has  been  serving  as  a  vice  managing  director  of  Patty  Company  Limited.  Ms.  Fong  has  been serving  as  a  director  of  Guangzhou  Patty  Leather  Products  Co.,  Limited*  ( 廣州市芭迪皮革製品有限公司 )  since  April 2003,  the  business  activities  of  which  include  leather  products  manufacturing  business.  She  has  also  been  serving as  an  executive  director  of  Links  Development  Limited  and  Yunfu  Liancheng  Real  Estate  Co.  Limited*  ( 雲浮市連城置 業有限公司 ),  since  2014  respectively.

Ms. Fong is the spouse of Mr. Leung, the executive Director and the Chairman.

Ms. Du Wanfen ( 杜婉芬 ) (' Ms. Du '), aged 44, completed the course of Business Administration from Hubei Economic Higher  Education  Institution*  ( 湖北財經高等專科學校 )  in  July  1997.

Ms.  Du  has  more  than  21  years  of  experience  in  importing  and  selling  motor  vehicle.  Ms.  Du  was  employed  by Guangzhou Maozhan Investment  Consulting  Co.,  Limited*  ( 廣州茂展投資咨詢有限公司 )  since  February  2007  and  she is  currently  the  executive  chairman  of  the  company.

Mr.  Li  Aiming  ( 李愛明 ) (' Mr.  Li '),  aged  50,  has  more  than  21  years  of  experience  in  corporate  strategic  planning, sales planning and business management. Mr. Li is the founder and the chairman of Sichuan Baofengxiang Co., Ltd* ( 四川寶豐祥股份有限公司 )  since  January  2015.  He  is  the  director  of  each  of  Sichuan  Jiu  De  Yuan  Kang  Industrial Co.,  Ltd*  ( 四川九德元康實業有限公司 )  and  Jiu  De  Jiu  Pin  (Chengdu)  Wine  Industry  Co.,  Ltd*  ( 九德玖品（成都）酒業 有限公司 )  since  August  2020.

Mr.  Li  is  also  serving  as  executive  vice  president  of  Softbank  Financial  Research  Institute  since  April  2020.

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Ng Ki Man （吳褀敏） (' Mr. Ng '),  aged 37, was appointed as the independent non-executive Director on 7 June 2017.  He  is  also  the  chairman  of  the  Audit  Committee  and  a  member  of  each  of  the  Remuneration  Committee  and the Nomination Committee. Mr. Ng is responsible for providing independent judgement and advising on the issues of strategy,  performance,  resources  and  standard  of  conduct  of  the  Group.

Mr. Ng obtained a Bachelor of Business Administration (Honours) degree in Information Systems from the City University of  Hong  Kong  in  November  2008  and  a  Postgraduate  Certificate  in  Professional  Accounting  in  July  2009.  Mr.  Ng has  been  a  Certified  Public  Accountant  of  the  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants  and  Chartered Accountant  of  the  Institute  of  Chartered  Accountants  in  England  and  Wales  since  January  2012  and  March  2012, respectively.  Mr.  Ng  has  over  14  years  of  experience  in  auditing  and  accounting  services.  From  September  2015  to April  2016,  Mr.  Ng  had  been  serving  as  the  financial  controller  and  company  secretary  of  China  Ruifeng  Renewable Energy Holdings Limited (stock code: 527), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. Mr. Ng was the  company secretary of Hao Tian International Construction Investment Group Limited (stock code: 1341) (formerly known as Clear Lift  Holdings  Limited),  a  company  listed  on  the  Main  Board  of  the  Stock  Exchange,  from  April  2016 to  February  2017.  From  October  2016  to  September  2022,  Mr.  Ng  had  been  an  independent  non-executive  director of China Wantian Holdings Limited (stock code: 1854) (formerly known as Goal Forward Holdings Limited), a company listed  on  the  Main  Board  of  the  Stock  Exchange.

## Biographical Details of the Directors and Senior Management

Mr. Lam Chee-yau Timothy ( 林⼦右 ) (' Mr. Lam '), aged 38, was appointed as the independent non-executive Director on 10 May 2021. He is also the chairman of the Nomination Committee and a member of each of the Remuneration Committee and the Audit Committee. Mr. Lam obtained a Bachelor of Arts (Philosophy), Bachelor of Laws and Master of  Strategic  Public  Relations  from  the  University  of  Sydney  in  Australia  in  April  2005,  May  2007  and  October  2011, respectively. He obtained a Master of Laws (Corporate and Commercial Law) from the University of New South Wales in  Australia  in  May  2008.  Mr.  Lam  also  received  a  Master  of  Buddhist  Studies  and  Master  of  Buddhist  Counselling from  the  University  of  Hong  Kong  in  December  2017  and  December  2020,  respectively.

Mr.  Lam  has  over  17  years  of  experience  in  legal  practice.  He  was  admitted  as  a  solicitor  to  the  Supreme  Court  of New South Wales in Australia in December 2007 and admitted as a solicitor to the High Court of Hong Kong in April 2016. He is currently a partner of Hui &amp; Lam Solicitors LLP, a Hong Kong law firm representing a range of clients in areas  of  corporate  finance  and  company  law.

Since  December  2019,  Mr.  Lam  has  been  a  member  of  the  Australian  Institute  of  Company  Directors  and  a  fellow member  of  The  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Directors.  Mr.  Lam  is  also  currently  serving  as  a  volunteer  in  the  role  of  a Governor of the Board of the Children's Cancer Foundation since May 2020.

Mr. Ngok Ho Wai ( 樂可慰 ) (' Mr. Ngok '),  aged  54,  was appointed as the independent non-executive Director on 19 January  2022.  He  is  also  the  chairman  of  the  Remuneration  Committee  and  a  member  of  each  of  the  Nomination Committee and the Audit Committee. Mr. Ngok obtained a Bachelor degree of Social Science with Honors from The Chinese University of Hong Kong in December 1993. He obtained a Master degree of Accounting from Curtin University of  Technology  (now  known  as  Curtin  University)  in  February  1999.  Mr.  Ngok  has  been  a  member  of  the  Hong  Kong Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants  since  July  2000.  He  is  currently  a  member  of  CPA  Australia.

Mr. Ngok has over 28 years of experience in the banking industry. He has worked in the field of corporate &amp; investment banking,  mainly  in  Greater  Bay  Area,  with  Wing  Hang  Bank  Limited,  Fortis  Bank  Asia  HK,  DBS  Bank  (Hong  Kong) Limited,  Dah  Sing  Bank  Limited,  O-Bank  Company  Limited  (Hong  Kong  Branch),  OCBC  Wing  Hang  Bank  Limited and Industrial &amp; Commercial Bank of China (Asia) Limited with managerial role such as setting credit procedures and administrative  policies  for  a  portfolio  of  clients.  He  has  coached  and  assisted  the  team  for  daily  sales  &amp;  marketing, credit  analysis  and  operating  issues  of  corporate  banking  aspect.

Since  30  November  2022,  Mr.  Ngok  has  been  an  independent  non-executive  director  of  Times  Universal  Group Holdings  Limited  (stock  code:  2310)  (formerly  known  as  Forebase  International  Holdings  Limited),  a  company  listed on the  Main  Board  of  the  Stock  Exchange.

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr.  To  Kam Ming （陶錦明） (' Mr.  To '),  aged  39,  is  the  Project  Manager  of  the  Group.  He  joined  the  Group  as  an assistant  project  manager  in  November  2015  and  was  later  promoted  to  his  current  position  in  February  2016.  Mr. To  obtained  a  Diploma  in  Civil  Engineering  from  the  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Vocational  Education  in  July  2003  and a  Higher  Diploma  in  Building  Technology  and  Management  (Engineering)  from  The  Hong  Kong  Polytechnic  University in  December  2005.  He  also  obtained  a  Bachelor  of  Engineering  (Honours)  in  Building  Engineering  (Structural  and Geotechnical Engineering)  from  the  City  University  of  Hong  Kong  in  February  2010.

Mr. To has over 15 years of experience in the construction industry. He commenced his career working as a building safety  assistant  in  the  Buildings  Department  in  June  2006.  Mr.  To  joined  the  Drainage  Services  Department  of  Hong Kong as a works supervisory assistant with his last position held as work supervisor II (Civil) between July 2007 and November 2010. From November 2010 to July 2011, he worked as a structural engineer in Midi Aluminum Fabricator Limited. From July 2011 to November 2011, he worked as a site engineer in Chiu Hing Construction &amp; Transportation Company Limited. Mr. To worked in Tysan Foundation Limited as an engineer between January 2012 to October 2015 with  his  last  position  held  as  project  engineer.

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr.  Chan  Kui  Ming  ( 陳鉅銘 ) (' Mr.  Chan '),  aged  36,  holds  a  degree  of  Master  of  Corporate  Governance  from  The Open University  of  Hong  Kong  (currently  known  as  Hong  Kong  Metropolitan  University)  and  a  degree  of  Bachelor  of Commerce with major in Accounting from the Curtin University of Technology.

Mr.  Chan  has  over  16  years  of  experience  in  accounting,  financial  management  and  company  secretarial  services. He  is  an  associate  member  of  each  of  The  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Chartered  Secretaries  (currently  known  as  Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute) and the Chartered Governance Institute. Since April 2022, Mr. Chan has been the  company secretary of Sino Vision Worldwide Holdings Limited (stock code: 8086), a company listed on the GEM of  the  Stock  Exchange.

* For  identification  purposes  only

## Directors'  Report

The Directors present their report together with the audited financial statements of Basetrophy Group Holdings Limited and the audited consolidated financial  statements  of  the  Group  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022.

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The  Company  is  an  investment  holding  company,  and  its  subsidiaries  are  principally  engaged  in  the  provision  of foundation  and  site  formation  works  and  other  geotechnical  engineering  works  as  a  substructure  subcontractor  in Hong Kong and trading of alcoholic beverages in the PRC. Details of the principal activities of its subsidiaries are set out  in  Note  12  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements.

## BUSINESS REVIEW

The business review of the Group for the year is set out in the 'Chairman's Statement' and 'Management Discussion and Analysis'  of  this  report.

## DIVIDEND POLICY

The  Board  has  adopted  a  dividend  policy  (the  ' Dividend  Policy ')  on  28  December  2018.  Details  of  the  Dividend Policy  is  disclosed  below.

The Company adopts a general dividend policy that aims to provide shareholders of the Company out of the Group's profit  attributable  to  shareholders  in  any  financial  year,  subject  to  the  criteria  set  out  below.

Such declaration and payment of dividends shall remain to be determined at the discretion of the Board and subject to  all  applicable  requirements  (including  without  limitation  restrictions  on  dividend  declaration  and  payment)  under  the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong) and the memorandum and articles of association of the Company.

In  proposing  any  dividend  payout,  the  Board  shall  also  take  into  account,  inter  alia:

- the  Group's  actual  and  expected  financial  performance;
- shareholders'  interests;
- retained  earnings  and  distributable  reserves  of  the  Company  and  each  of  the  other  members  of  the  Group;
- the  level  of  the  Group's  debts  to  equity  ratio,  return  on  equity  and  financial  covenants  to  which  the  Group  is subject;
- possible  effects  on  the  Group's  creditworthiness;
- any  restrictions  on  payment  of  dividends  that  may  be  imposed  by  the  Group's  lenders;
- the  Group's  expected  working  capital  requirements  and  future  expansion  plans;
- liquidity  position  and  future  commitments  at  the  time  of  declaration  of  dividend;
- taxation  considerations;

## Directors'  Report

- statutory  and  regulatory  restrictions;
- general  business  conditions  and  strategies;
- general economic conditions, business cycle of the Group's business and other internal or external factors that may have an impact on the business or financial performance and position of the Company; and
- other  factors  that  the  Board  deems  appropriate.

The Board may propose the payment of dividends, if any, with respect to the Company's shares on a per share basis.

In addition to cash, dividends may be distributed in the form of shares subject to and in accordance with the procedures set  out  in  the  Company's  memorandum  and  articles  of  association.

Except  for  interim  dividend,  any  dividends  declared  by  the  Company  must  be  approved  by  an  ordinary  resolution  of shareholders  at  the  general  meeting  and  must  not  exceed  the  amount  recommended  by  the  Board.  The  Board  may from  time  to  time  pay  to  the  shareholders  such  interim  dividends  as  appear  to  the  Directors  to  be  justified  by  the profits  of  the  Company  available  for  distribution.

The  Company will  continually  review  the  Dividend  Policy  and  reserves  the  right  in  its  sole  and  absolute  discretion  to update,  amend  and/or  modify  the  Dividend  Policy  at  any  time,  and  this  Dividend  Policy  shall  in  no  way  constitute  a legally  binding  commitment  by  the  Company  that  dividends  will  be  paid  in  any  particular  amount  and/or  in  no  way obligate  the  Company  to  declare  a  dividend  at  any  time  or  from  time  to  time.

Pursuant  to  the  Code  Provision  F.1.1  under  Appendix  15  Corporate  Governance  Code  and  Corporate  Governance Report,  the  Company  should  disclose  the  policy  on  payment  of  dividend  in  the  annual  report.

## RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS

The  results  of  the  Group  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  are  set  out  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income  of  this  report.  The  state  of  affairs  of  the  Group  and  the  Company  as  at 31  December  2022  are  set  out  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position  and  Note  33  to  the  consolidated financial statements, respectively. The Directors do not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2022.

## CLOSURE OF THE REGISTER OF MEMBERS

The  forthcoming  annual  general  meeting  is  scheduled  to  be  held  on  Thursday,  1  June  2023  (the  ' 2023  AGM ').  For determining  the  entitlement  to  attend  and  vote  at  the  AGM,  the  register  of  members  of  the  Company  will  be  closed from Monday, 29 May 2022 to Thursday, 1 June 2023, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be registered. In order to attend and vote at the AGM, all share transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the share registrar of the company in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services  Limited,  17/F,  Far  East  Finance  Centre,  16  Harcourt  Road,  Hong  Kong,  for  registration  not  later  than  4:30 p.m.  on  Thursday,  25  May  2023.

## FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the results, assets and liabilities of the Group for the five financial years is set out on page 120 in this report.  This  summary  does  not  form  part  of  the  audited  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  Group.

## PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details  of  movements  in  the  property,  plant  and  equipment  of  the  Group  during  the  year  are  set  out  in  Note  14  to the  consolidated  financial  statements.

## DONATION

The Group did not make any charitable donations during the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: Nil).

## SHARE CAPITAL

Details  of  movements  in  the  Company's  share  capital  during  the  year,  together  with  the  reasons  thereof,  are  set  out in  Note  22  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements.

## RESERVES

Details  of  movements  in  the  reserves  of  the  Group  and  the  Company  during  the  year  are  set  out  in  consolidated statement of  changes  in  equity  and  Note  33  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements  respectively.

## SHARE OPTIONS SCHEMES

The Company conditionally adopted a share option scheme on 7 June 2017 (the ' Scheme '). The terms of the Scheme are  in  accordance  with  the  provisions  of  Chapter  23  of  the  GEM  Listing  Rules.

A summary of the particulars of the Scheme as required under Rule 23.09 of the GEM Listing Rules is set out in Note 23 to  the  consolidated  financial  statements.

## PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There  are  no  provision  for  pre-emptive  rights  under  the  memorandum  and  articles  of  association  of  the  Company  or the laws of the Cayman Islands, being the jurisdiction in which the Company is incorporated, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro rata basis to existing shareholders.

## RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

Details of the significant related party transactions entered into by the Group during the year ended 31 December 2022 are set out in Note 30 to the consolidated financial statements. To the best knowledge of the Directors, none of these related party transactions constitutes connected transactions that need to be disclosed under the GEM Listing Rules.

## DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

At 31 December 2022, the Company's reserves available for distribution to owners comprising share premium account and other reserves less  accumulated  losses,  amounted  to  approximately  HK$10.8  million.

## MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS AND SUBCONTRACTORS

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  percentage  of  the  Group's  aggregate  turnover  attributable  to  the Group's  largest  customer  was  approximately  24.3%,  while  the  percentage  of  the  Group's  total  turnover  attributable to  the  five  largest  customers  in  aggregate  was  approximately  70.2%.

## Directors'  Report

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  percentage  of  the  Group's  largest  subcontractor  was  approximately 26.2%  of  the  total  direct  costs  for  the  period,  while  the  percentage  of  the  Group's  five  largest  suppliers  and subcontractors accounted for approximately 48.9% of the total direct costs.

None of the Directors, or any of their close associates or shareholders (which, to the best knowledge of the Directors, own  more  than  5%  of  the  Company's  issued  share  capital)  had  any  beneficial  interest  in  the  Group's  five  largest customers or suppliers.

## DIRECTORS

The Board during the year and up to date of this report were as follows:

## Executive Directors

| Mr.  Lau  Chung  Ho (Chief  Executive  Officer)  Mr.  Leung  Yat  Fai  Frankie  Keith (Chairman)  Ms. Fong Pui Yin Vivian  Ms. Du Wanfen  (appointed  on  29  April  2022)  Mr.  Li  Aiming  (appointed  on  29  April  2022)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Independent non-executive Directors

| Mr.  Ng  Ki  Man  Mr.  Lam  Chee-yau Timothy  Mr.  Ngok  Ho  Wai  (Appointed on 19 January 2022) (resigned  on  12  February  2022)  Mr.  Iu  Tak  Meng  Teddy   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In accordance with the memorandum and articles of association of the Company, at each annual general meeting one third  of  the  Directors  for  the  time  being  shall  retire  from  office  by  rotation  and  that  every  Director  shall  be  subject  to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. Such retiring Directors may, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the annual general meeting. All Directors appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office until  the  first  general  meeting  of  shareholders  of  the  Company  after  their  appointment  and  be  subject  to  re-election at  such  meeting  and  all  Directors  appointed  by  the  Board  as  an  addition  to  the  existing  Board  shall  hold  office  only until  the  next  following  annual  general  meeting  and  shall  then  be  eligible  for  re-election.

Any  Director  who  has  not  been  subject  to  retirement  by  rotation  in  the  three  years  preceding  the  annual  general meeting shall  retire  by  rotation  at  such  annual  general  meeting.

## PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

Pursuant to the memorandum and articles of association of the Company, the applicable laws and regulations, every Director  shall  be  indemnified  and  secured  harmless  out  of  the  assets  and  profits  of  the  Company  against  all  actions, costs,  charges,  losses,  damages  and  expenses  which  they  or  any  of  them  may  incur  or  sustain  in  the  execution  of their  duties  in  their  offices.

## DIRECTORS' SERVICE CONTRACTS

None of the Directors  has  a  service  contract  with  the  Company  or  any  of  its  subsidiaries  which  is  not  terminable  by the  Group  within  one  year  without  payment  of  compensation,  other  than  statutory  compensation.

## DIRECTORS' INTEREST IN SIGNIFICANT CONTRACTS

No Director  had  a  material  interest,  either  directly  or  indirectly,  in  any  contract  of  significance  to  the  business  of  the Group to which the Company, its holding company, or any of its subsidiaries was a party during the year ended 31 December 2022.

## CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS' INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS

Save  as  disclosed  in  the  section  headed  'Directors'  Report  -  Related  Party  Transaction  and  Continuing  Connected Transactions'  above  and  in  the  section  headed  'Relationship  with  our  Controlling  Shareholders'  in  the  Prospectus, neither  the  Company  nor  any  of  its  subsidiaries  had  entered  into  any  contract  of  significance  with  the  Company's controlling  shareholders  (as  defined  in  the  GEM  Listing  Rules)  or  their  subsidiaries,  or  any  contract  of  significance  for the  provision  of  services  to  the  Company  or  any  of  its  subsidiaries  by  the  Company's  controlling  shareholders  (as defined  in  the  GEM  Listing  Rules)  or  their  subsidiaries  during  the  year  ended  31  December  2022.

## DIRECTORS' RIGHT TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Apart  from  as  disclosed  under  the  paragraph  headed  'Directors'  and  Chief  Executives'  Interests  and  Short  Positions in  Shares,  Underlying  Shares  and  Debentures'  below  and  the  Scheme  disclosures  in  Note  23  to  the  consolidated financial  statements,  at  no  time  during  the  year  were  rights  to  acquire  benefits  by  means  of  the  acquisition  of  shares in  the  Company  granted  to  any  Director  or  their  respective  spouse  or  children  under  18  years  of  age,  or  were  any such rights exercised by them; or was the Company, or the Company's subsidiary or holding company or a subsidiary of  the  Company's holding company a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors to acquire such rights in any other  body  corporate.

## COMPETITION AND CONFLICT OF INTERESTS

None  of  the  Directors  or  the  controlling  shareholders  of  the  Company  (the  ' Controlling  Shareholders ')  or  their respective  close  associates  (as  defined  in  the  GEM  Listing  Rules)  has  engaged  in  any  business  that  competes  or may  compete,  either  directly  or  indirectly,  with  the  businesses  of  the  Group  or  have  or  may  have  any  other  conflict of  interests  with  the  Group  during  year  ended  31  December  2022.

## Non-Competition Undertakings

In  order  to  avoid  any  possible  future  competition  between  the  Group  and  the  Controlling  Shareholders,  Mr.  Lau  and Brightly  Ahead  Limited  (' Brightly  Ahead ')  (each  a  ' Covenantor '  and  collectively  the  ' Covenantors ')  have  entered into  the  deed  of  non-competition  (the  ' Deed of Non-competition ')  with  the  Company  (for  itself  and  for  the  benefit of  each  member of the Group) on 7 June 2017. Pursuant to the Deed of Non-competition, each of the Covenantors has irrevocably and unconditionally undertaken to the Company (for itself and as trustee of its subsidiaries) that, during the period that the Deed of Non-competition remains effective, he/it shall not, and shall procure that his/its associates (other  than  any  member  of  the  Group)  not  to  develop,  acquire,  invest  in,  participate  in,  carry  on  or  be  engaged, concerned or interested or otherwise be involved, whether directly or indirectly, in any business in competition with or likely  to  be  in  competition  with  the  existing  business  activity  of  any  member  of  the  Group.

## Directors'  Report

Each of the Covenantors further undertakes that if any of he/it or his/its close associates (as defined in the GEM Listing Rules)  other  than  any  member  of  the  Group  is  offered  or  becomes  aware  of  any  business  opportunity  which  may compete with the business of the  Group,  he/it  shall  (and  he/it  shall  procure  his/its  associates  to)  notify  the  Group  in writing  and  the  Group  shall  have  a  right  of  first  refusal  to  take  up  such  business  opportunity.  The  Group  shall,  within 6  months after  receipt  of  the  written  notice  (or  such  longer  period  if  the  Group  is  required  to  complete  any  approval procedures  as  set  out  under  the  GEM  Listing  Rules  from  time  to  time),  notify  the  Covenantor(s)  whether  the  Group will  exercise  the  right  of  first  refusal  or  not.

The Group shall only exercise the right of first refusal upon the approval of all the independent non-executive Directors (who  do  not  have  any  interest  in  such  opportunity).  The  relevant  Covenantor(s)  and  the  other  conflicting  Directors  (if any) shall abstain from participating in and voting at and shall not be counted as quorum at all meetings of the Board where there is a conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest including but not limited to the relevant meeting of the  independent  non-executive  Directors  for  considering  whether  or  not  to  exercise  the  right  of  first  refusal.

Each of  the  Covenantors  also  gave  certain  non-competition  undertakings  under  the  Deed  of  Non-competition  as  set out  in  the  paragraph  headed  'Relationship  with  our  Controlling  Shareholders  -  Non-Competition  Undertakings'  in  the Prospectus.

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Company  had  not  received  any  information  in  writing  from  any  of the  Controlling  Shareholders  in  respect  of  any  new  business  opportunity  which  competed  or  might  compete  with  the existing  and  future  business  of  the  Group  which  were  offered  to  or  came  to  be  the  knowledge  of  the  Controlling Shareholders  or  their  associates  (other  than  any  member  of  the  Group),  and  the  Company  has  received  an  annual written confirmation from each of the Controlling Shareholders in respect of him/it and his/its associates in compliance with  the  Deed  of  Non-competition.  The  independent  non-executive  Directors  have  also  reviewed  and  were  satisfied that  each  of  the  Controlling  Shareholders  had  complied  with  the  Deed  of  Non-competition.

## DIRECTORS' AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT'S BIOGRAPHIES

Biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the Group are set out on pages 10-13 of this report.

## EMOLUMENTS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS

Details  of  the  emoluments  of  the  Directors  and  five  individuals  with  highest  emoluments  are  set  out  in  Note  8  to the  consolidated  financial  statements.  The  emolument  of  the  number  of  the  highest  paid  individuals  who  are  not  the Directors  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  are  set  out  in  Note  8(b)  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements.

## Directors'  Report

The  emoluments  of  the  senior  management  of  the  Group  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  falls  within  the following  band:

| ## Emolument Band  Number of Senior Management  Up to HK$1,000,000 HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000 HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000  1  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## EMOLUMENT POLICY

The Remuneration Committee is set up for reviewing the Group's emolument policy and structure for all remuneration of  the  Directors  and  senior  management  of  the  Group,  having  regard  to  the  Group's  operating  results,  individual performance and comparable market practices.

The  Remuneration  Committee  will  meet  at  least  once  each  year  to  discuss  remuneration  related  matters  (including the  remuneration of Directors and senior management) and review the remuneration policy of the Group. It has been decided  that  Remuneration  Committee  would  determine,  with  delegated  responsibility,  the  remuneration  packages  of individual  executive  Directors  and  senior  management.

## RETIREMENT BENEFITS PLANS

Particulars  of  retirement  benefits  plans  of  the  Group  as  at  31  December  2022  are  set  out  in  Note  2.16(ii)  to  the consolidated  financial  statements.

## MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

Save  for  the  service  agreements  (for  the  executive  Director)  and  letters  of  appointment  (for  the  independent  nonexecutive Directors) with the Company entered into with each of the Directors, no contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole and any substantial part of the business of the Company were entered into or existed during  the  year  ended  31  December  2022.

## Directors' Report

## DIRECTORS' AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES' INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As at 31 December 2022, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executives of the Company in the shares,  underlying  shares  and  debentures  of  the  Company  or  any  of  its  associated  corporations  (within  the  meaning of Part XV of Securities and Future Ordinance (the ' SFO '))  which are required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they were  taken  or  deemed  to  have  under  such  provisions),  or  which  are  required,  pursuant  to  Section  352  of  the  SFO, to  be  entered  in  the  register  referred  to  therein  or  which  are  required  to  be  notified  to  the  Company  and  the  Stock Exchange pursuant to Rules 5.48 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules, are as follows:

## Long positions in Shares

| Name  Capacity/Nature of interest  Number of  Shares held/  interested  Percentage of  shareholding  Mr.  Lau  (Note)  Interest  in  a  controlled  corporation  51,000,000  44.35%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

Mr.  Lau  beneficially  owns  the  entire  issued  share  capital  of  Brightly  Ahead.  Therefore,  Mr.  Lau  is  deemed,  or  taken  to  be,  interested  in  all  the  Shares held  by  Brightly  Ahead  for  the  purpose  of  the  SFO.  Mr.  Lau  is  the  sole  director  of  Brightly  Ahead.

Save  as  disclosed  above,  as  at  31  December  2022,  none  of  the  Directors  and  chief  executives  of  the  Company had  any  interests  or  short  positions  in  any  shares,  underlying  shares  and  debentures  of  the  Company  or  any  of  its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which would have to be notified to the Company and  the  Stock  Exchange  pursuant  to  Divisions  7  and  8  of  Part  XV  of  the  SFO  (including  interests  or  short  positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or which were required, pursuant to Rules 5.48  to  5.67  of  the  GEM  Listing  Rules,  to  be  notified  to  the  Company  and  the  Stock  Exchange.

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS' AND OTHER PERSONS' INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES

As at 31 December 2022, the following person/entity (other than the Directors and chief executives of the Company) had or were deemed to have an interest or a short position in the Shares or the underlying Shares of the Company which  would  be  required  to  be  disclosed  to  the  Company  under  the  provisions  of  Divisions  2  and  3  of  Part  XV  of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register of the Company required to be kept under Section 336 of the SFO, or  who were directly or indirectly,  to  be  interested  in  10%  or  more  of  the  nominal  value  of  any  class  of  share  capital carrying  rights  to  vote  in  all  circumstances  at  general  meetings  of  the  Company  or  any  other  member  of  the  Group:

## Long positions in the Shares

| Name  Capacity/Nature of interest  Number of  Shares held/  interested  Percentage of shareholding  Brightly  Ahead  Beneficial  owner  51,000,000  44.35%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2022, none of the substantial or significant shareholders or other persons, other  than  the  Directors  and  chief  executives  of  the  Company  whose  interests  are  set  out  in  the  section  'Directors' Report - Directors' and Chief Executives' Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures' above,  had  or  were  deemed  to  have  an  interest  or  a  short  position  in  the  shares  or  the  underlying  shares  of  the Company  which  would  be  required  to  be  disclosed  to  the  Company  and  the  Stock  Exchange  under  the  provisions of  Division  2  and  3  of  Part  XV  of  the  SFO,  or  which  were  recorded  in  the  register  of  the  Company  remained  to  be kept under Section 336 of the SFO, or who were directly or indirectly, interested in 10% or more of the nominal value of  any  class  of  share  capital  carrying  rights  to  vote  in  all  circumstances  at  general  meetings  of  the  Company  or  any other  members of the Group.

## PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY

Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company's shares during the  year  ended  31  December  2022.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Details  of  the  Company's  corporate  governance  practices  are  set  out  in  the  Corporate  Governance  Report  on  pages 24-37 of this  report.

## EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

Save as disclosed in this report, there was no equity-linked agreement entered into by the Company during the year ended 31 December 2022.

## SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

As at the date of this report, based on information that is publicly available to the Company and to the best knowledge of the Directors, the Directors confirm that the Company maintained the public float as required under the GEM Listing Rules.

## INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The  Company  has  received  from  each  of  the  independent  non-executive  Directors  annual  written  confirmation  of his  independence  pursuant  to  Rule  5.09  of  the  GEM  Listing  Rules  and  the  Company  considers  all  the  independent non-executive Directors  to  be  independent.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

The  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  Group  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  were  audited  by  HLB Hodgson  Impey  Cheng  Limited.  A  resolution  will  be  proposed  at  the  forthcoming  annual  general  meeting  of  the Company to re-appoint HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited as auditor of the Company.

The Company has not changed its external auditors in any of the preceding three years.

ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD Basetrophy Group Holdings Limited Lau Chung Ho Executive  Director

Hong Kong, 31 March 2023

## Corporate Governance Report

## INTRODUCTION

The  Company  is  committed  to  the  maintenance  of  good  corporate  governance  practices  and  procedures.  The Company believes that good corporate governance provides a framework that is essential for effective  management, a healthy corporate culture, successful business growth and enhancing shareholders' value. The corporate governance principles  of  the  Company  emphasise  a  quality  Board,  sound  internal  controls,  and  transparency  and  accountability to  all  shareholders.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICE

The  Company  acknowledges  the  need  and  importance  of  corporate  governance  as  one  of  the  key  elements  in creating  shareholders'  value.  The  Company  is  also  committed  to  achieving  high  standard  of  corporate  governance that  can  protect  and  promote  the  interests  of  all  shareholders  and  to  enhance  corporate  value  and  accountability  of the  Company.  For  corporate  governance  purpose,  the  Company  has  adopted  the  Corporate  Governance  Code  (the ' CG Code ')  set out in Appendix 15 of the GEM Listing Rules. During the year ended 31 December 2022, to the best knowledge of the Board, the Company has complied with all the applicable code provisions set out in the CG Code.

## DIRECTORS' SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The  Company  has  adopted  the  required  standard  of  dealing,  as  set  out  in  Rules  5.48  to  5.67  of  the  GEM  Listing Rules  as  the  code  of  conduct  for  securities  transactions  by  the  Directors  in  respect  of  the  shares  of  the  Company (the  ' Required  Standard  of  Dealing ').  Having  made  specific  enquiry  of  all  Directors,  all  Directors  have  confirmed that  they  have  complied  with  the  Required  Standard  of  Dealing  and  there  was  no  event  of  non-compliance  during the  year  ended  31  December  2022.

## DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITIES

The Board takes the responsibility to oversee all major matters of the Company, including but not limited to formulating and approving the overall strategies and business performance of the Company, monitoring the financial performance and internal control as well as overseeing the risk management system of the Company and monitoring the performance of  senior  executives.  The  Board  is  also  responsible  for  performing  the  corporate  governance  duties  including  the development and reviewing the Company's policies and practices on corporate governance.

Liability insurance for Directors and senior management officers of the Company was maintained by the Company with coverage for  any  legal  liabilities  which  may  arise  in  the  course  of  performing  their  duties.

## Corporate Governance Report

## DELEGATION BY THE BOARD

Daily  operation  and  business  management  of  the  Group,  inter  alia,  the  implementation  of  strategies  are  delegated  to the  executive  Directors  along  with  other  senior  executives.  Executions  of  operational  matters  and  the  powers  thereof are  delegated  to  the  management  by  the  Board  with  clear  directions.  They  report  periodically  to  the  Board  of  their work and business decisions.

## Board Composition

The composition of the Board as at this report is  set  out  as  follows:

## Executive Directors

Mr.  Lau  Chung  Ho

(Chief  Executive  Officer)

Mr.  Leung  Yat  Fai  Frankie  Keith (Chairman)

Ms. Fong Pui Yin Vivian

Ms. Du Wanfen

Mr.  Li  Aiming

## Independent non-executive Directors

Mr.  Ng  Ki  Man

Mr.  Lam  Chee-yau Timothy

Mr.  Ngok  Ho  Wai

Biographical details  of  the  Directors  are  set  out  in  'Biographical  Details  of  the  Directors  and  Senior  Management'  on pages 10-13 of this report.

The proportion of independent non-executive directors on the Board is higher than what is required by Rule 5.05A, 5.05 (1) and (2) of the GEM Listing Rules whereby independent non-executive Directors of a listed issuer must represent at least one-third of the board. The three independent non-executive Directors represent more than one-third of the Board and  at  least  one  of  whom  has  appropriate  professional  qualifications,  or  accounting  or  related  financial  management expertise. With the various experience of both the executive Directors and the independent non-executive Directors and the  nature  of  the  Group's  business,  the  Board  considered  that  the  Directors  have  a  balance  of  skills  and  experience for  the  business  of  the  Group.

The  independent  non-executive  Directors  play  a  significant  role  in  the  Board  as  they  bring  an  impartial  view  on  the Company's strategies, performance and control, as well as ensure that the interests of all shareholders are taken into account. All independent non-executive Directors possess appropriate academic, professional qualifications or related financial  management  experience.  None  of  the  independent  non-executive  Directors  held  any  other  offices  in  the Company or any of its  subsidiaries  or  is  interested  in  any  shares  of  the  Company.  The  Company  has  received  from each  independent  non-executive  Director  an  annual  confirmation  of  his  independence,  and  the  Company  considers such Directors  to  be  independent  in  accordance  with  the  criteria  set  out  in  Rule  5.09  of  the  GEM  Listing  Rules.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Board Diversity Policy

The Board has adopted a board diversity policy (the ' Board Diversity Policy ') on 28 December 2018 which sets out the  basis  to  achieve  diversity  on  the  Board.  Details  of  the  Board  Diversity  Policy  is  disclosed  as  below.

## 1. Purpose

The Board Diversity  Policy  aims  to  set  out  the  approach  to  achieve  diversity  on  the  Board.

## 2. Vision

The  Company  recognises  and  embraces  the  benefits  of  having  a  diverse  Board  to  enhance  the  quality  of  its performance.

## 3. Policy

When determining the composition of the Board, the Company will consider board diversity in terms of, among other  things,  gender,  age,  experience,  cultural  and  educational  background,  expertise,  skills  and  know-how.  All Board appointments will be based on merits, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for  the  benefits  of  diversity  on  the  Board.

## 4. Measurable Objectives

Selection of candidates for Board membership will be based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not  limited  to  gender,  age,  experience,  cultural  and  educational  background,  expertise,  skills  and  know-how.

## 5. Monitoring and Reporting

The  Nomination  Committee  will  disclose  the  composition  of  the  Board  annually  in  the  corporate  governance report  and  monitor  the  implementation  of  the  Board  Diversity  Policy.

## 6. Review of the Board Diversity Policy

The  Nomination  Committee  will  review  the  Board  Diversity  Policy,  as  appropriate,  to  ensure  the  effectiveness of  the  Board  Diversity  Policy.  The  Nomination  Committee  will  discuss  any  revisions  that  may  be  required,  and recommend any such revisions to the Board for consideration and approval.

## 7. Disclosure of the Board Diversity Policy

A  Summary  of  the  Board  Diversity  Policy  together  with  the  measurable  objectives  set  for  implementing  the Board Diversity Policy, and the progress made towards achieving those objectives will be disclosed in the annual corporate  governance  report.

## 8. Board Composition

As  at  the  date  of  this  annual  report,  the  Board  comprises  eight  Directors.  Two  of  the  executive  Directors  are female.  Three  of  the  Directors  are  independent  non-executive  Directors,  thereby  promoting  critical  review  and control  of  the  management  process.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Nomination Policy

The  Board  has  adopted  a  nomination  policy  (the  ' Nomination  Policy ')  on  28  December  2018  which  sets  out  the approach  to  guide  the  Nomination  Committee  in  relation  to  the  selection,  appointment  and  re-appointment  of  the directors  of  the  Company.  Details  of  the  Nomination  Policy  is  disclosed  as  below.

## 1 PURPOSE

- 1.1 The Nomination Policy aims to set out the approach to guide the Nomination Committee in relation to the selection,  appointment  and  re-appointment  of  the  Directors.
- 1.2 The Nomination Policy aims to ensure that the Board has a balance of skills, experience, knowledge and diversity  of  perspectives  appropriate  to  the  requirements  of  the  Company's  business.

## 2 CRITERIA

The Nomination Committee will evaluate,  select  and  recommend  candidate(s)  for  directorships  to  the  Board  by giving  due  consideration  to  criteria  including  but  not  limited  to  (collectively,  the  ' Criteria '):

- (a) Diversity in aspects  including  but  not  limited  to  gender,  age,  experience,  cultural  and  educational background, expertise,  skills  and  know-how;
- (b) Sufficient  time  to  effectively  carry  out  their  duties;  their  services  on  other  listed  and  non-listed  companies should  be  limited  to  reasonable  numbers;
- (c) Qualifications, including accomplishment and experience in the relevant industries the Company's business is  involved  in;
- (d) Independence;
- (e) Reputation for  integrity;
- (f) Potential  contributions  that  the  individual(s)  can  bring  to  the  Board;  and
- (g) Commitment to enhance and maximize shareholders' value.

## Corporate Governance Report

## 3 RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTOR AT GENERAL MEETING

- 3.1 The Nomination Committee will evaluate and recommend retiring Director(s) to the Board for re-appointment by  giving  due  consideration  to  the  criteria  including  but  not  limited  to:
- (a) the  overall  contribution  and  service  to  the  Company  of  the  retiring  director  including  his  attendance of  Board  meetings  and,  where  applicable,  general  meetings,  and  the  level  of  participation  and performance on the Board; and
- (b) whether the retiring  Director(s)  continue(s)  to  satisfy  the  Criteria  in  section  2.
- 3.2 The Nomination Committee and/or the Board shall then make recommendation to shareholders in respect of  the  proposed  re-election  of  director  at  the  general  meeting.

## 4 NOMINATION PROCESS

The Nomination Committee will recommend to the Board for the appointment of a Director in accordance with the  following  procedures  and  process:

- (a) The Nomination Committee will, giving due consideration to the current composition and size of the Board, develop a list  of  desirable  skills,  perspectives  and  experience  at  the  outset  to  focus  the  search  effort;
- (b) The Nomination Committee may consult any source it deems appropriate in identifying or selecting suitable candidates,  such  as  referrals  from  existing  Directors,  advertising,  recommendations  from  an  independent agency firm and proposals from shareholders of the Company with due consideration given to the Criteria;
- (c) The Nomination Committee may adopt any process it deems appropriate in evaluating the suitability of the candidates,  such  as  interviews,  background  checks,  presentations  and  third-party  reference  checks;
- (d) Upon considering a candidate suitable for the directorship, the Nomination Committee will hold a meeting and/or  by  way  of  written  resolutions  to,  if  thought  fit,  approve  the  recommendation  to  the  Board  for appointment;
- (e) The  Nomination  Committee  will  thereafter  make  the  recommendation  to  the  Board  in  relation  to  the proposed appointment and the proposed remuneration package; and
- (f) The  Board  will  have  the  final  authority  on  determining  the  selection  of  nominees  and  all  appointment  of Directors  will  be  confirmed  by  the  filing  of  the  consent  to  act  as  Director  of  the  relevant  Director  (or  any other  similar  filings  requiring  the  relevant  Director  to  acknowledge  or  accept  the  appointment  as  Director, as  the  case  may  be)  to  be  filed  with  the  Companies  Registry  of  Hong  Kong.

## Corporate Governance Report

## 5 RESPONSIBILITY

The Board will  be  ultimately  responsible  for  the  selection,  appointment  and  re-appointment  of  Directors.

## 6 MONITORING AND REPORTING

The  Nomination  Committee  will  assess  and  report  annually,  in  the  Corporate  Governance  Report,  on  the composition of the Board, and launch a formal process to monitor the implementation of the Nomination Policy as  appropriate.

## 7 REVIEW OF THE NOMINATION POLICY

The  Nomination  Committee  will  launch  a  formal  process  to  review  the  Nomination  Policy  periodically  to  ensure that  it  is  transparent  and  fair,  remains  relevant  to  the  Company's  needs  and  reflects  the  current  regulatory requirements  and  good  corporate  governance  practice.  The  Nomination  Committee  will  discuss  any  revisions that  may  be  required  and  recommend  any  such  revisions  to  the  Board  for  consideration  and  approval.

## 8 DISCLOSURE OF THE NOMINATION POLICY

- 8.1 A  summary  of  the  Nomination  Policy  including  the  nomination  procedures  and  the  process  and  Criteria adopted  by  the  Nomination  Committee  to  select  and  recommend  candidates  for  directorship  during  the year  will  be  disclosed  in  the  annual  corporate  governance  report.
- 8.2 In  the  circular  to  shareholders  for  proposing  a  candidate  as  an  independent  non-executive  director,  it should  also  set  out:
- the process used for identifying the candidate and why the Board believes the candidate should be elected  and  the  reason  why  it  considers  the  candidate  to  be  independent;
- if  the  proposed  independent  non-executive  director  will  be  holding  their  seventh  (or  more)  listed company  directorship,  the  reason  the  board  believes  the  candidate  would  still  be  able  to  devote sufficient  time  to  the  Board;
- the  perspectives,  skills  and  experience  that  the  candidate  can  bring  to  the  Board;  and
- how the candidate can contribute to the diversity  of  the  Board.

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The  independent  non-executive  Directors  play  a  significant  role  in  the  Board  as  they  bring  an  impartial  view  on  the Company's strategies, performance and control, as well as ensure that the interests of all shareholders are taken into account. All independent non-executive Directors possess suitable and appropriate academic, professional qualifications or  related  financial  management  experience.  None  of  the  independent  non-executive  Directors  held  any  other  offices in  the  Company  or  any  of  its  subsidiaries  or  is  interested  in  any  shares  of  the  Company.

The Company has received from each independent non-executive Director an annual confirmation of his independence, and the Company considers such Directors to be independent in accordance with the criteria set out in Rule 5.09 of the  GEM Listing  Rules.

## APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company for an initial term of three years which  may  be  terminated  by  not  less  than  one  month's  notice  in  writing  served  by  either  party  on  the  other  and  is subject  to  retirement  by  rotation  and  re-election  in  accordance  with  the  memorandum  and  articles  of  association  of the  Company.

Pursuant to the letter of appointment between the Company and each of the independent non-executive Directors, the independent non-executive Directors have been appointed for an initial term of three years which may be terminated by  either  party  by  giving  no  less  than  one  month's  written  notice.

According  to  Article  108  of  the  memorandum  and  articles  of  association  of  the  Company,  one-third  of  the  Directors for  the  time  being  shall  retire  from  office  by  rotation  at  every  annual  general  meeting  of  the  Company,  provided  that every  Director  shall  retire  from  office  by  rotation  and  are  subject  to  re-election  at  annual  general  meeting  at  least once every three years. Article 112 of the memorandum and articles of association of the Company provides that any Directors who are appointed to fill casual vacancies shall hold office only until the next following general meeting after their  appointment,  and  are  subject  to  re-election  by  shareholders  of  the  Company.

Mr. Leung, Ms. Fong and Mr. Ngok will retire from office at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company to  be  held  on  Thursday,  1  June  2023.  Mr.  Leung,  Ms.  Fong  and  Mr.  Ngok,  being  eligible,  will  offer  themselves  for re-election.

At  the  forthcoming  annual  general  meeting  of  the  Company,  separate  ordinary  resolutions  will  be  put  forward  to  the Shareholders in  relation  to  the  proposed  re-election  of  Mr.  Leung,  Ms.  Fong  and  Mr.  Ngok.

## CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Pursuant  to  the  code  provision  C.2.1  of  the  CG  Code,  the  roles  of  the  chairman  and  chief  executive  officer  should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual.

The role of chairman remains separate from that of the chief executive officer to enhance their respective independence, accountability  and  responsibility.  Mr.  Leung  is  the  Chairman  and  Mr.  Lau  is  the  Chief  Executive  Officer.

## DIRECTORS' TRAINING AND PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

The Group acknowledges the importance of adequate and ample continuing professional development for the Directors for  a  sound  and  effective  internal  control  system  and  corporate  governance.  In  this  regard,  the  Group  has  always encouraged  the  Directors  to  attend  relevant  training  courses  to  receive  the  latest  news  and  knowledge  regarding corporate  governance.

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company has provided and all Directors have attended training courses on  the  updates  of  the  GEM  Listing  Rules  concerning  good  corporate  governance  practices.  The  Company  will,  if necessary,  provide  timely  and  regular  trainings  to  the  Directors  to  ensure  that  they  keep  abreast  with  the  current requirements under the GEM Listing Rules.

## BOARD COMMITTEES

The Board has established three Board committees, namely, the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Audit Committee, for overseeing particular aspects of the Company's affairs. All Board committees have been established with defined written terms of reference, which are posted on the website of the Stock Exchange at www. hkexnews.hk  and  the  Company's  website  at  www.wbgroupfw.com.hk.  All  Board  committees  report  to  the  Board  on their  decisions  or  recommendations  made.

The  practices,  procedures  and  arrangements  in  conducting  meetings  of  Board  committees  follow  in  line  with,  so  far as  practicable,  those  of  the  Board  meetings  set  out  above.

All  Board committees are provided with sufficient resources to perform their duties and, upon reasonable request, are able  to  seek  independent  professional  advice  in  appropriate  circumstance,  at  the  Company's  expense.

The  Board  is  responsible  for  performing  the  corporate  governance  duties  set  out  in  the  CG  Code  which  included developing  and  reviewing  the  Company's  policies  and  practices  on  corporate  governance,  training  and  continuous professional  development  of  Directors,  and  reviewing  the  Company's  compliance  with  the  Code  Provision  in  the  CG Code and disclosures in this  report.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Remuneration Committee

The Remuneration Committee was established on 7 June 2017. The chairman of the Remuneration Committee is Mr. Ngok,  the  independent  non-executive  Director,  and  other  members  includes  Mr.  Ng  and  Mr.  Lam,  the  independent non-executive Directors. The written terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are posted on the website of the  Stock  Exchange  and  the  Company's  website.

The  Remuneration  Committee  has  been  charged  with  the  responsibility  of  making  recommendations  to  the  Board on  the  appropriated  policy  and  structures  for  all  aspects  of  Directors'  and  senior  management's  remuneration.  The Remuneration  Committee  considers  factors  such  as  salaries  paid  by  comparable  companies,  time  commitment  and responsibilities of the Directors, employment conditions elsewhere in the Group and desirability of performance-based remuneration.  The  Remuneration  Committee  has  held  two  meetings  to  review  the  remuneration  packages  of  the appointment of each of Ms. Du and Mr. Li as an executive Director, and Mr. Ngok as an independent non-executive Director,  and  to  review  the  remuneration  packages  and  emoluments  of  Directors  and  senior  management  and considered that they are fair and reasonable during the year ended 31 December 2022. No Director or any of his or her  associates  is  involved  in  deciding  his  or  her  own  remuneration.

From  2023  onwards,  the  Remuneration  Committee  will  also  review  the  Scheme  and  other  share  schemes  (if  any)  of the Company on an annual basis. During the year ended 31 December 2022, since there was no share option granted under the Scheme, no material matter relating to the  Scheme has been reviewed by the Remuneration Committee.

## Nomination Committee

The Nomination Committee was established on 7 June 2017. The chairman of the Nomination Committee is Mr. Lam, the  independent  non-executive  Director,  and  other  members  included  Mr.  Ng  and  Mr.  Ngok,  the  independent  nonexecutive  Directors.  The  written  terms  of  reference  of  the  Nomination  Committee  are  posted  on  the  website  of  the Stock Exchange and on the Company's website.

The  primary  duties  of  the  Nomination  Committee  are  to  review  and  assess  the  composition  of  the  Board  and independence of the independent non-executive Directors and make recommendations to the Board on appointment of new Directors of the Company. In recommending candidates for appointment to the Board, the Nomination Committee considers candidates on merit against objective criteria and with due regards to the benefits of diversity on the Board.

In  designing  the  Board's  composition,  Board  diversity  has  been  considered  from  a  number  of  perspectives,  including but  not  limited  to  gender,  age,  cultural  and  educational  background,  industry  experience,  technical  and  professional skills  and/or  qualifications,  knowledge,  length  of  services  and  time  to  be  devoted  as  a  director.  The  Company  will also  take  into  account  factors  relating  to  its  own  business  model  and  specific  needs  from  time  to  time.  The  ultimate decision  is  based  on  merit  and  contribution  that  the  selected  candidates  will  bring  to  the  Board.

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Nomination Committee held two meetings to review and recommend the appointment of each of Ms. Du and Mr. Li as an executive Director, and Mr. Ngok as an independent non-executive Director; to review the resignation of Mr. Iu Tak Meng Teddy as an independent non-executive Director; and to review and recommend the re-election of Directors.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Audit Committee

The Audit Committee was established on 7 June 2017. The chairman of the Audit Committee is Mr. Ng, the independent non-executive Director, and other members included Mr. Lam and Mr. Ngok, the independent non-executive Directors. The written terms of reference of the Audit Committee are posted on the website of the Stock Exchange and on the Company's website.

The Company has complied with Rule 5.28 of the GEM Listing Rules in that at least one of the members of the Audit Committee (which must comprise a minimum of three members and must be chaired by an independent non-executive Director) is an independent non-executive Director who possesses appropriate professional qualifications or accounting related  financial  management  expertise.

The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to review the financial information and reporting process, internal control procedures and risk management system, audit plan and relationship with external auditors and arrangements to enable employees of the Company to raise, in confidence, concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control  or  other  matters  of  the  Company.

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Audit  Committee  held  four  meetings  to  review  and  comment  on  the Company's 2021 annual results,  2022  interim  results  and  quarterly  results  as  well  as  the  Company's  internal  control procedures and risk management system.

The Group's consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 have been reviewed by the Audit Committee.  The  Audit  Committee  is  of  the  opinion  that  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  Group  for  the year  ended  31  December  2022  comply  with  applicable  accounting  standards,  GEM  Listing  Rules  and  that  adequate disclosures  have  been  made.

## ATTENDANCE RECORDS OF MEETINGS

The Board meet regularly for considering, reviewing and/or approving matters relating to, among others, the financial and  operating  performance,  as  well  as,  the  overall  strategies  and  policies  of  the  Company.  Additional  meetings  are held  when  significant  events  or  important  issues  are  required  to  be  discussed  and  resolved.

During  the  year,  the  Chairman  held  a  meeting  with  the  independent  non-executive  Directors  without  the  executive Directors  present.

Details of all  Directors'  attendance at the Board meeting and Board committees' meeting held during the year ended 31 December 2022 are as follows:

| Board  Meeting  Audit  Committee  Meeting  Remuneration  Committee  Meeting  Nomination  Committee  Meeting  2022 Annual  General  Meeting  Number of Meetings Attended/Held  Executive Directors  Mr.  Lau  Chung  Ho  5/5  N/A  N/A  N/A  1/1  Mr.  Leung  Yat  Fai  Frankie  Keith  5/5  N/A  N/A  N/A  1/1  Ms. Fong Pui Yin Vivian  5/5  N/A  N/A  N/A  1/1  Ms. Du Wanfen  (appointed  on  29  April  2022)  3/3  N/A  N/A  N/A  1/1  Mr.  Li  Aiming  (appointed  on  29  April  2022)  3/3  N/A  N/A  N/A  1/1  Independent non-executive Directors  Mr.  Ng  Ki  Man  5/5  4/4  2/2  2/2  0/1  Mr.  Iu  Tak  Meng  Teddy  (resigned  on  12  February  2022)  1/1  N/A  1/1  1/1  N/A  Mr.  Lam  Chee-yau Timothy  5/5  4/4  2/2  2/2  1/1  Mr.  Ngok  Ho  Wai  (appointed  on  19  January  2022)  4/4  4/4  1/1  1/1  1/1   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## COMPANY SECRETARY

The  company  secretary  of  the  Company  (the  ' Company  Secretary ')  assists  the  Board  by  ensuring  the  Board policy and procedures are followed. The Company Secretary is also responsible for advising that Board on corporate governance matters.

The  role  of  the  Company  Secretary  was  performed  by  Ms.  Yim  Sau  Ping  until  30  April  2022.  Subsequent  to  her resignation, the role of the Company Secretary is was assumed by Mr. Chan. For the year ended 31 December 2022, Mr.  Chan  undertook  no  less  than  15  hours  of  relevant  professional  training  to  update  his  skill  and  knowledge.  The biographies of Mr. Chan is set out in the section headed 'Biographical Details of the Directors and Senior Management' of  this  report.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REMUNERATION

HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited is appointed as the external auditors of the Company. The fee paid and payable in  respect  of  audit  services  and  non-audit  services  amounted  to  approximately  HK$680,000  and  HK$nil  respectively for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022.

## SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHT

As  one  of  the  measures  to  safeguard  shareholders'  interest  and  rights,  separate  resolutions  are  proposed  at shareholders'  meetings  on  each  substantial  issue,  including  the  election  of  individual  directors,  for  shareholders' consideration  and  voting.  All  resolutions  put  forward  at  shareholders'  meeting  will  be  voted  by  poll  pursuant  to  the GEM Listing Rules and the poll voting results will be posted on the website of the Stock Exchange and the Company's website  after  the  relevant  shareholders'  meeting.

Extraordinary general meeting may be convened by the Board on requisition of shareholders holding not less than onetenth of the paid up capital of the Company or by such shareholders who made the requisition (the ' Requisitionists ') (as  the  case  may  be)  pursuant  to  Article  64  of  the  memorandum  and  articles  of  association  of  the  Company.  Such requisition must state the object of business to be transacted at the meeting and must be signed by the Requisitionists and  deposited  at  the  registered  office  of  the  Company  or  the  Company's  principal  place  of  business  in  Hong  Kong. Shareholders should follow the requirements and procedures as set out in such article for convening an extraordinary general meeting. Shareholders may put forward proposals with general meeting of the Company by sending the same to  the  Company  at  the  principal  office  of  the  Company  in  Hong  Kong.

For putting forward any enquiries to the Board, shareholders may send written enquiries to the Company. Shareholders may send their  enquiries  or  requests  in  respect  of  their  rights  to  the  Company's  principal  place  of  business  in  Hong Kong.

## RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

The Directors acknowledge that they have overall responsibility for overseeing the Company's internal control, financial control  and  risk  management  system  and  shall  monitor  its  effectiveness  on  an  ongoing  basis.  A  review  of  the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems has been conducted by the Board at least annually.

Aimed at providing reasonable assurance against material errors, losses or fraud, the Company has established a risk management procedures which comprised the following steps:

- -Identify  risks:  Identify  major  and  significant  risks  that  could  affect  the  achievement  of  goals  of  the  Group;
- -Risk  assessment:  Assess  and  evaluate  the  identified  risk  according  to  its  likely  impact  and  the  likelihood  of occurrence;
- -Risk  mitigation:  Develop  effective  control  activities  to  mitigate  the  risks.

Risk  identification  and  assessment  is  performed  or  updated  annually,  and  the  results  of  risk  assessment,  evaluation and mitigation of each functions or operation are documented in the Risk Registry to communicate to the Board and Management for reviews.

The  Group's  risk  management  and  internal  control  systems  are,  however,  designed  to  manage  rather  than  eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material  misstatement  or  loss.

## Corporate Governance Report

A review on the internal control systems of the Company, including financial, operational and compliance controls and risk  management functions has been carried out by an independent consultancy company with staff in possession of relevant  expertise  to  conduct  an  independent  review.

The Audit Committee reviewed the internal control review report issued by the independent consultancy company and the  Company's  risk  management  and  internal  control  systems  in  respect  of  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  and considered that they are effective and adequate. The Board assessed the effectiveness of internal control systems by considering the internal control review report and reviews performed by the Audit Committee and concurred the same.

Under  Code  Provision  D.2.5,  the  Group  should  have  an  internal  audit  function.  The  Company  has  no  internal  audit function because the Company has maintained an internal control system and its implementation has been considered effective  by  the  Audit  Committee  and  the  Board.  In  addition,  the  Audit  Committee  has  communicated  with  external auditors  of  the  Company  to  understand  if  there  is  any  material  control  deficiency.  Nevertheless,  the  Company  will review  the  need  for  one  on  an  annual  basis.

## DISCLOSURE OF INSIDE INFORMATION

The Group has in place a policy on disclosure of inside information which sets out the procedures and internal controls for  handling  and  dissemination  of  inside  information.

The  policy  provides  guidelines  to  the  Directors,  officers  and  all  relevant  employees  of  the  Group  to  ensure  proper safeguards  exist  to  prevent  the  Company  from  breaching  the  statutory  disclosure  requirements.  It  also  includes appropriate  internal  control  and  reporting  systems  to  identify  and  assess  potential  inside  information.

Key procedures in place include:

- -define the requirements of periodic financial and operational reporting to the Board and the Company Secretary to  enable  them  to  assess  inside  information  and  make  timely  disclosures,  if  necessary;
- -control  the  access  to  inside  information  by  employees  on  a  need-to-know  basis,  and  safeguarding  the confidentiality  of  the  inside  information  before  it  is  properly  disclosed  to  public;
- -procedures of communicating with the Group's stakeholders, including shareholders, investors, analysts, etc. in ways which are in compliance with the GEM Listing Rules.

The Group has also established and implemented procedures to handle enquiries from external parties related to the market rumours and other Group's affairs.

To  avoid  uneven  dissemination  of  inside  information,  the  dissemination  of  inside  information  of  the  Company  shall be conducted by publishing the relevant information  on  the  Stock  Exchange's  website  and  the  Company's  website.

## Corporate Governance Report

## COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS

The  Company  has  adopted  shareholders  communication  policy  with  objective  of  ensuring  that  the  shareholders  and potential  investors  are  provided  with  ready,  equal  and  timely  access  to  balanced  and  understandable  information about the Company.

The Company has established several channels to communicate with the shareholders as follows:

- (i) Corporate communications such as annual reports, quarterly reports, interim reports and circulars are issued in printed form and are available on the website of the Stock Exchange at www.hkexnews.hk and the Company's website  at  www.wbgroupfw.com.hk;
- (ii) Periodic  announcements  are  made  through  the  Stock  Exchange  and  published  on  the  respective  websites  of the  Stock  Exchange  and  the  Company;
- (iii) Corporate information  is  made  available  on  the  Company's  website;
- (iv) Annual and extraordinary general meetings provide a forum for the shareholders to make comments and exchange views  with  the  Directors  and  senior  management;  and
- (v) The Hong Kong share registrar of the Company serves the shareholders in respect of share registration, dividend payment and related matters.

The Company keeps on promoting investor relations and enhancing communication with the existing shareholders and potential investors. It welcomes suggestions from investors, stakeholders and the public. Enquires to the Board or the Company may be sent by post to the Company's principal place of business in Hong Kong.

Since the date of Listing, there is no significant change in the memorandum and articles of association of the Company.

## Environmental,  Social  and  Governance Report

## ABOUT THE REPORT

This  report  is  the  'Environmental,  Social  and  Governance  Report'  (collectively  ' the  ESG  Report ')  published  by  the Group,  which  discloses  the  Group's  measures  and  performance  on  sustainable  development  topics  in  a  transparent and open manner, in order to increase stakeholders' confidence and understanding on the Group.

## REPORTING STANDARDS

The ESG Report is prepared in accordance with the 'Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide' (' ESG Guide ') of the Stock Exchange set out in Appendix 20 of the GEM Listing Rules. The ESG Report provides a simplified overview  on  the  environmental,  social  and  governance  (' ESG ')  performance  of  the  Group.  The  information  in  the ESG Report is derived from the Group's official documents and statistics, as well as the integration and summary of monitoring,  management and operational information provided by subsidiaries of  the  Group.

## REPORTING YEAR

All  the  information in the ESG Report reflects the performance of the Group in environmental management and social responsibility  from  1  January  2022  to  31  December  2022  (the  ' Reporting  Period ').  This  ESG  Report  is  released annually by the Group for public review so as to improve the transparency and responsibility of information disclosure.

## REPORTING SCOPE

The  Group  is  a  construction  contractor  in  Hong  Kong  principally  providing  foundation  and  site  formation  works  and other  geotechnical  engineering  works  in  Hong  Kong.  Based  on  the  principle  of  materiality  disclosure  and  reporting, this  ESG  Report  covers  the  ESG  performance  of  the  headquarter  in  Hong  Kong  and  several  construction  projects engaged in Hong Kong during the Reporting Period.

After the comprehensive completion of data collection system and the Group's deepening in its ESG work, the Group has  identified  certain  ESG  issues  relevant  to  the  Group,  which  have  been  assessed  by  considering  their  materiality and  importance  to  the  Group's  principal  activities,  stakeholders  as  well  as  the  Group.  Those  identified  ESG  issues and key performance indicators (' KPIs ')  have  been  disclosed  in  the  ESG  Report.

## ESG GOVERNANCE

The Group has developed its internal strategies and policies with aims to create sustainable values to its stakeholders, and thereby to large extent minimising the Group's undue impact on the environment. In order to carry out the Group's sustainability  strategy  from  top  to  bottom,  the  Board  has  ultimate  responsibilities  for  ensuring  the  effectiveness  of  the Group's ESG policies.

The Group has established dedicated teams to manage ESG issues within each business division of the Group and to continuously  monitor    and  measure  the  progress  against  corporate  goals  and  targets  for  addressing  climate  change. Dedicated  teams  with  designated  staff  for  management  of  ESG  issues  has  been  assigned  to  enforce  and  supervise the  implementation  of  the  relevant  ESG  policies  cascading  through  the  Group.

With  the  forward-looking  guidance  and  well-designed  plans  of  action  to  address  underlying  ESG  matters,  the management  and  responsible  teams  keep  reviewing  and  adjusting  the  Group's  sustainability  policies  to  satisfy  the ever-changing needs of its stakeholders on a regular basis. For instance, through the assignment of the responsibility of  progress  tracking  to  different  management-level  positions,  the  Group  is  committed  to  achieving  an  excellent performance  in  ESG  management  while  also  remaining  competitive  compared  with  its  peers.  Details  of  the  Group's management  approaches  in  both  the  environmental  and  social  aspects  are  elaborated  in  different  sections  of  this ESG report.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

The  Stock  Exchange  has  set  forth  four  principles  for  reporting  in  the  ESG  Guide:  Materiality,  Quantitative,  Balance and  Consistency,  which  should  form  the  basis  for  preparing  the  ESG  Report.  As  the  Stock  Exchange  emphasises, stakeholder engagement is the method by which materiality is assessed. Through stakeholder engagement, companies can understand wide-ranging views and identify material environmental and social issues.

The  Group  believes  that  effective  feedback  from  stakeholders  not  only  contributes  to  comprehensive  and  impartial evaluation of its ESG performance, but also enables it to improve its performance based on their feedback. Therefore, the  Group  has  engaged  in  open  and  regular  communication  with  its  stakeholder  groups  including  shareholders  and investors,  clients,  employees,  suppliers,  sub-contractors  and  government.  Over  the  years,  the  Group  has  continued to  fine-tune  its  sustainability  focus,  addressing  pressing  issues.  Stakeholders'  expectations  have  been  taken  into consideration  by  utilising  diversified  engagement  channels  as  shown  below:

## Stakeholders and Engagement Methods

| Stakeholders  Interests  and  expectations  ## Engagement channels  Shareholders and  investors  •  Return  on  investment  •  Corporate  strategy  and  governance  •  Risk  mitigation  and  management  •  Annual General Meeting  •  Interim  and  annual  reports,  corporate  websites  •  Announcements, notices of meetings,  circulars  Clients  •  Robust  project  management  •  Full  compliance  with  regulations  •  Sustainability  performance  of  operations  •  Interim  and  annual  reports,  corporate  websites  •  Regular  meetings  and  communication  Employees  •  Remuneration,  compensation  and  benefits  •  Occupational  health  and  safety  •  Career  development  opportunities  •  Corporate  culture  and  wellbeing  •  Provide  leisure  activities  and  increase  cohesion  •  In-house  training  programmes  •  Performance reviews and appraisals  •  Promote career development and  enhance competence at all levels  Suppliers  •  Long-term partnership  •  Ethical  business  practices  •  Supplier  assessment  criteria  •  Procurement processes  •  Audits  and  assessments  Sub-contractors  •  Effective  project  management  •  Occupational  health  and  safety  •  Ethical  business  practices  •  Sub-contractor's  assessment  criteria  •  Annual health,  safety  and  environment seminars  •  Training  sessions  •  Regular  progress  meetings  •  Audits  and  assessments  Government  •  Laws  and  regulation  compliance  •  Review latest  laws  regularly  •  Inspection   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Environmental,  Social  and  Governance  Report

The  Group  will  continuously  maintain  communication  with  stakeholders  and  collect  opinions  of  stakeholders  through different  engagement  channels.  At  the  same  time,  the  Group  will  enhance  the  reporting  principles  of  quantification, balance  and  consistency,  in  order  to  define  the  content  of  the  ESG  Report  and  presentation  of  the  information  that is  more  in  line  with  the  expectations  of  stakeholders.

## Climate Change

Climate  change  is  one  of  the  most  complicated  challenges  faced  by  mankind's  in  the  new  century.  Global  warming gives  rise  to  more  frequent  extreme  weather  conditions  including  changes  in  precipitation  mode,  droughts,  floods and bushfires. Rise in sea level will  make tens of thousands of people in densely populated coastal areas and island countries homeless. Faced with all sorts of problems, individuals, corporations and governments must take immediate actions  to  tackle  climate  change.

Over-emission  of  greenhouse  gases  is  the  main  factor  in  causing  global  climate  change.  To  achieving  a  low  carbon economy, the Group is committed to reducing its greenhouse gas emissions through the approaches of mitigation and adaptation. For example, the Group has strived to mitigate the risks brought by climate change through the adoption of  various  environmental  policies  and  measures;  and  promoting  energy  saving  measures  and  habits  in  office.  The Group  has  also  considered  potential  physical  risks  of  climate  change  to  its  daily  operation  such  as  storms,  fires  or heatwaves and through implementation of the relevant protection measures to minimise the risks.

The  Group  are  focused  on  reducing  emissions  in  its  operations,  engaging  suppliers  to  reduce  emissions  in  supply chains,  strengthening  the  resilience  of  its  business  and  using  its  voice  to  advocate  for  collective  action.

## ENVIRONMENT PROTECTION

## Emissions

## Emissions from the course of operation

Major  emissions  from  construction  sites  are  air  pollutants,  noise,  waste  and  effluents.  The  Group  manages  these emissions and is committed to seeking practical means to reduce their impact on the environment.

To  reduce  the  noise  nuisance  in  the  surrounding  environment,  the  Group  has  been  implementing  equipment  that reduces noise emission, such as low-noise transformers, air receivers and hand-held breakers. Where necessary, the Group  applies  construction  noise  permit  for  every  site  that  passed  different  testing  of  the  Environmental  Protection Department (i.e. acceptable noise levels, sound power levels for percussive piling and summation of noise levels). The Group recognises that noise challenges are unique to each project and there is always room to further reduce noise in communities surrounding the construction sites. In this regard, the Group is considering to implement a yearly review to  evaluate  the  internal  noise  abatement  procedures,  especially  for  projects  at  noise-sensitive  areas.

To  deal  with  effluents  from  construction  sites,  the  Group  has  developed  a  set  of  procedures  which  meet  the requirements under the Water Pollution Control Ordinance and its subsidiary regulation in order to obtain license from the  Water  Pollution  Control  Ordinance  at  each  site.  For  instance,  sediment  traps  or  basins  are  provided  to  abstract wastewater  and  remove  waste  particles  from  on-site  systems.  The  Group  aims  to  minimise  various  discharges  like muddy underground water and bentonite slurries from excavation work and/or bore piling activities to limit the impact to the environment. The impact includes siltation in drainage pipes which may lead to blockage and eventually flooding risks, visual nuisance and hazard to the aquatic life and increase in turbidity of the receiving water which may adversely affect  the  ecosystem.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Emissions from vehicle usage

During the Group's operation in Hong Kong, the usage of private cars and light goods vehicles generate the emissions of  nitrogen  oxides  (' NOx '),  sulphur  oxides  (' SOx ')  and  Particulate  Matter  (' PM ').  The  approximate  amount  of  NOx, SOx and PM produced from the Group's operation in Hong Kong are shown in the following table:

## Air  pollutants  from  vehicle  usage

| Types of key air pollutants  2022  2021  NOx emissions (tonnes)  0.27  0.30  SOx emissions (tonnes)  0.0005  0.0007  PM emissions (tonnes)  0.020  0.023   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Compared  to  the  last  financial  year,  three  types  of  emissions  (NOx,  SOx  and  PM)  in  2022  has  decreased  slightly, mainly  due  to  decrease  in  overwill  usage  of  vehicles.  The  Group  would  continue  the  work  to  become  a  low  carbon organisation and target to maintain the emission of air pollution at lower than one tonne. Further action will be taken to  reduce  the  environmental  impact.

In  respect  of  reducing  the  NOx,  SOx  and  PM  emissions,  the  Group  has  formulated  and  educated  employees  about the  following  measures  so  as  to  help  achieve  the  environmental  friendly  approach  including  (i)  avoid  peak  hour  traffic and (ii)  encourage  the  use  of  public  transport  instead  of  private  car.

During the Report Period, the Group was not aware of any material non-compliance with the environmental laws and regulations  in  respect  of  both  emissions  form  the  course  of  operations  and  vehicle  usage.

## Greenhouse Gas ('GHG') Emissions

During  the  course  of  operations,  GHG  emissions  are  produced  from  vehicle  usage,  electricity  consumption  and  the use of  electricity  for  processing  fresh  water  and  sewage  water  in  Hong  Kong's  office  and  construction  sites.

## Scope 1  - Combustion of fuels in mobile sources controlled by the Group

During  the  operations  of  the  Group,  there  are  GHG  emissions  result  from  the  intense  usage  of  vehicles.

The Group strictly controls the emissions of GHG through the establishment of a comprehensive data collection system. This system helps the Group to monitor the monthly usage of vehicles to maintain the efficiency at a prominent level.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Scope 2  - Electricity  purchased from power companies

Apart from the direct emissions of PM and fumes, indirect emissions are also generated from electricity consumption in  the  Hong  Kong's  office  and  construction  sites.

## Scope 3  - Other indirect emissions

In the Hong Kong's office and construction sites, there are GHG emissions due to electricity used for processing fresh water  and  sewage  by  government  departments  and  paper  waste  disposed  at  landfills.

The summary of GHG emissions from the operations are shown in the following table:

## Summary of GHG emissions

| Types of GHG  2022 CO  2  equivalent  emission  2021 CO  2  equivalent  emission  Scope 1  -  Direct  emissions  (tonnes)  87.53  115.03  Scope 2  -  Energy  indirect  emissions  (tonnes)  17.79  43.21  Scope 3  -  Other  indirect  emissions  (tonnes)  0.01  14.51  Total  105.33  172.75  Intensity  of  GHG  emissions  per  number  of  employees  (tonnes)  2.2  6.9   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Compared to the last financial year, the total amount of GHG emissions has decreased due to the decrease in overall usage of vehicles.

The  Group  targets  to  maintain  the  low  level  of  GHG  emissions  in  the  future.  In  order  to  reduce  GHG  emissions,  the Group would encourage to reduce the usage of private car for travel between construction sites and replace by public transportations.

The Group has initiated a 3% emissions reduction in term of intensity in coming 5 years using the 2021 Report Year as  a  baseline.

## Hazardous waste emissions

Due to the business nature, the Group's operation does not directly generate any material hazardous waste.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Non-hazardous waste emissions

For the provision of foundation services, the Group has produced some non-hazardous solid waste during its operations. The  inert  Construction  and  Demolition  (' C&amp;D ')  material  is  disposed  through  logistic  service  provider  trucks  that  are authorised  by  Environmental  Protection  Department  of  Hong  Kong  Government  (' EPD ').  The  waste  is  disposed  at public  landfills  whereas  the  non-inert  and  mixed  C&amp;D  waste  are  disposed  at  three  strategic  landfills.  With  the  logistic service  provider  that  is  authorised  by  EPD  to  handle  inert  C&amp;D  material,  illegal  dumping  can  be  avoided.  The  figures of  non-hazardous  waste  produced  are  as  follows:

| Non-hazardous solid waste  2022 Volume  2021 Volume  Mixed C&amp;D waste disposal at government waste disposal facilities (tonnes)  64  87  Inert  C&amp;D  waste  disposal  at  government  waste  disposal  facilities  (tonnes)  4,765  12,882  Total  4,829  12,969  Intensity  of  total  non-hazardous  waste  produced  per  number  of  employees  101  519   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

According  to  the  figures  above,  inert  C&amp;D  waste  produced  have  decreased  significantly  when  comparing  with  last financial  year's  figure.  The  reason  is  that  a  scale  excavation  works  has  completed  during  the  Reporting  Period.

The Group is dedicated to proper management of non-hazardous waste. Specific area at the site is assigned for the temporary storage of non-hazardous waste. The waste is then gathered by logistic service provider that is authorised by  EPD and delivered to  the  public  landfills.

To reduce the production of non-hazard waste in construction sites in the future, the Group plans to re-use excavated materials  for  backfilling  slope  stabilisation  and  reclamation.  The  Group  targets  to  reduce  5%  of  the  non-hazardous waste produced from construction sites over five  years  compare  with  2020  Reporting  Year.

## Use of Resources

The Group adheres to the concept of energy conservation and emission reduction to achieve green production. The major  resources  used  by  the  Group  are  electricity  and  water  consumed  in  office  and  various  project  sites  in  Hong Kong. In addition, petrol and diesel are major non-renewable fuel consumed by the Group. The Group aims to improve energy utilisation  efficiency  to  achieve  low-carbon  practices  and  emission  reduction  throughout  the  operation,  and  to save  resources.

The  Group  records  and  analyzes  water  consumption  regularly.  After  identifying  the  causes  of  high  rates  of  water consumption, the Group will take remedial action to minimise water use. Throughout the years, the Group put forth a strong  emphasis  on  minimising  the  usage  of  electricity  and  water  during  the  Group's  daily  operations.

## Environmental,  Social  and  Governance  Report

The total water consumption in cubic metres and intensity during the Reporting Period are shown in the table below:

| ## Water Consumption  2022  2021  Total  water  consumption  (cubic  metres)  13  23,266  Intensity  of  total  water  consumption  per  number  of  employees  (cubic  metres)  0.27  930.64   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Compared to the last financial year, the total water consumption has decreased significantly as during the year, there was no projects in which the site water consumption required to be borne by the Group. The Group would conduct regular  water  consumption analysis and internal training  for  all  employees  to  create  a  sense  of  urgency  in  monitoring of  water  usage.  The  Group  will  continue  its  ongoing  efforts  to  maintain  low  water  consumption.

## Energy consumption

The major energy consumed by the Group are non-renewable fuel (' NRF ') including diesel and petrol and the purchase of  energy  in  the  form  of  electricity.

The Group determines to maximise energy conservation in its office by promoting efficient use of power and adopting green technologies. For instance, the Group continues to upgrade its equipment by purchasing electrical appliances with high efficient energy label, lighting and air-conditioning systems in order to increase energy efficiency. Air-conditioning systems can be adjusted to a specific temperature, which allows the users to set at a comfortable temperature while using  less  energy.

To  identify  energy  saving  opportunities,  the  Group  measures  and  records  the  energy  consumption  level  from  time  to time.  The  total  electricity  consumption  in  kilowatt  hour  (kWh)  and  intensity  are  shown  in  the  table  below:

| Energy Consumption  2022  2021  Purchase of energy (kWh)  35,573  86,422  NRF consumed (kWh)  341,516  450,690  Total  energy  consumption  (kWh)  377,089  537,112  Intensity  of  total  energy  per  number  of  employees  (kWh)  7,856  21,484   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The energy consumption has decreased significantly from 537,112 kWh to 377,089 kWh, which is due to both decrease in  overall  usage  of  vehicles  and  a  scale  project  has  incurred  much  lower  electricity  consumption  compared  with  last financial  year.  The  Group believes the energy conservation norm has been developed among all staff through internal training.  During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Group  strictly  implemented  the  energy  conservation  guideline.  Using  the current  reporting  year  as  a  baseline,  the  Group  has  initiated  a  3%  emissions  reduction  target  on  a  density  basis  for the  next  5  years.

## THE ENVIRONMENT AND NATURAL RESOURCES

To  develop  a  green  approach  at  the  project  sites  and  office,  the  Group  has  set  up  various  environmental  system management practices as part of its effort to develop an environmental management system that supports sustainable development.

With  the  implementation  of  the  ISO9001  Quality  Management  System,  the  management  is  responsible  for  monitoring the  operation  in  projects  sites  in  accordance  with  the  ISO9001  Quality  Management  System.  The  Group  has  given careful  consideration  to  minimise  all  significant  impact  on  the  environment  resources  and  to  monitor  environmental performance in a timely  manner.

## Implemented practice

- Switch  off  computers,  printers,  machines  and  other  electronic  devices  after  office  hours  or  when  leaving  the workplace to reduce power consumption
- Maximise the use of natural  light  and  energy-saving  lighting  systems
- Apply  optimal  temperature  setting  of  air-conditioning
- Encourage duplex printing
- Reuse of single-side  used  paper

As a socially responsible enterprise, protecting nature and the environment has become an integral part of the Group's corporate  culture/important  value.  The  Group  constantly  looks  for  ways  to  maximise  benefits  with  minimal  resource consumption and environmental impact, and continue to strive for sustainable development.

## Packaging material

Due  to  the  business  nature  of  the  Group,  the  Group  did  not  produce  any  finished  products  during  the  Reporting Period.  Therefore,  the  Group  does  not  consume  significant  amounts  of  package  materials  for  product  packaging.

## PEOPLE

## Employment

The Group reckons that employees are the most valuable assets of an enterprise and also the cornerstone for sustaining corporate  development.  It  is  always  the  Group's  initiative  to  provide  a  fair  and  competitive  compensation  package to  attract  and  retain  quality  talents,  in  the  form  of  a  basic  salary,  incentives  bonus,  mandatory  provident  fund,  and other  fringe  benefits.  Remuneration  packages  are  reviewed  periodically.  The  Group  also  has  a  set  of  comprehensive human  resources  management  policy  to  support  human  resources  function.  The  policies  include  compensation  and benefits,  working  hours  and  holidays,  recruitment  and  selection,  performance  management,  promotion,  employment termination,  training  and  development.

As the Group is principally engaged in construction related works, manual work is generally required in most positions. Hence, the ratio of the number of male to female employees is approximately 23.0 to 1 (2021: 11.5:1). However, the Group aims to refrain  from  any  form  of  harassment  and  discrimination  with  respect  to  age,  gender,  race,  nationality, religion,  marital  status  or  disability  in  the  workplace  via  implementation  of  human  resources  management  policy.  The above measures have helped ensure that every employee is treated equally and fairly.

## Environmental,  Social  and  Governance  Report

The  Group  has  always  strictly  observed  the  relevant  legislations  in  Hong  Kong  regarding  the  equal  employment opportunities, child labour and forced labour. The Group abides by the employment regulations, relevant policies and guidance of the relevant jurisdictions where it operates, including the Employment Ordinance (Chapter 57 of the Laws of  Hong  Kong),  the  Employees'  Compensation  Ordinance  (Chapter  282  of  the  Laws  of  Hong  Kong),  Occupational Safety  and  Health  Ordinance  (Chapter  509  of  the  Laws  of  Hong  Kong),  the  Factories  and  Industrial  Undertakings (Safety Officers and Safety Supervisors) Regulations (Chapter 59Z of the Laws of Hong Kong) and etc. in Hong Kong.

The  Group  has  its  internal  procedures  to  record  employees'  information  in  order  to  review  employment  practices regularly  so  as  to  avoid  any  non-compliance.  Furthermore,  the  Group  strictly  complies  with  the  internal  recruitment process during recruitment  to  ensure  no  employment  of  child  labour  and  forced  labour  in  any  form.

The Group also strives to establish harmonious labour relationships and create a happy working environment, promote a positive and healthy lifestyle, and lift the spirit of local workforce, encourage and strengthen internal communication through organising  diversified  employee  activities.

During  the  Reporting  Period,  all  staff  in  reporting  scope  are  full-time  employee  and  work  in  Hong  Kong.

## Employment Key Performance Indicators (Employee)

Total  workforce structure as at 31 December 2022

| Gender  Age  below 30  Age  30-50  Age  over 50  Number of  employees  by gender  Total  number of  employees  2022 ratio  of  number  of  male  to  female  employees  2021 ratio  of  number  of  male  to  female  employees  Male  2  21  23  46  48  23.0:  1  11.5:  1  Female  -  1  1  2  Total  2  22  24  48   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Employees turnover rate in the Reporting Period

| 2022  2021  Employee total turnover  rate  29.2% 1  108.0%  By age group  Age below 30  50.0% 2  -  Age 30-50  31.8% 2  26.7%  Age over 50  25.0% 2  29.2%  By gender  Male  30.4% 2  117.4%  Female  - 2  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Environmental,  Social  and  Governance  Report

- Note 1: Employee  total  turnover  rate  =  Total  number  of  employees  leaving  employment  during  the  year  /  Total  number  of  employees  as  of  31 December 2022 x 100%.
- Note 2: Employee turnover rate by category = Total number of employees leaving employment during the year by category / Total number of employees as  of  31  December  2022  by  category  x  100%.

## Health and Safety

The Group is an investment holding company incorporated in the Cayman Islands whilst its headquarter is located in Hong Kong. The nature  of  its  daily  operation  is  mainly  office-based  where  the  safety  risk  is  limited.  The  Hong  Kong headquarter  has  been  equipped  with  fire-fighting  facilities  including  fire  extinguishers  and  participates  in  the  fire  drill organised by the building  regularly.

The Group is committed to providing and maintaining a safe and healthy working environment for the employees and ensuring the safety of others affected by the Group's operation. The Group strictly requires employees to comply with the company safety policy and guidelines which clearly specify work flows, all kinds of safety measures and guidance as  well  as  employees'  responsibilities  for  their  health  and  safety  at  our  workplace.

The  Group  has  also  established  a  risk  assessment  program  that  consists  of  a  number  of  sequential  steps  such as  risk  identification,  analysis,  evaluation,  treatment,  monitoring  and  reviewing  based  on  the  existing  controls  and recommendations to reduce those risks which are not deemed to be under acceptable limits.

For employees whose workplace is primarily based in project site, the Group provides 'site specific induction training' to  the  employee before they commence their work at the project site in accordance with the Factories and Industrial Undertakings  Ordinance  (Chapter  59  of  the  Laws  of  Hong  Kong)  and  the  Construction  Sites  (Safety)  Regulations (Chapter 59I of the Laws of Hong Kong). Thereafter, they are given refresher talks regularly depending on the amount of  changes  to  the  site  condition.  The  Group  also  provides  tool-box  talks,  aiming  to  heighten  employees'  awareness of  workplace  hazards  and  the  Occupational  Safety  and  Health  Ordinance  (Chapter  509  of  the  Laws  of  Hong  Kong).

In  order  to  deal  with  the  outbreak  of  COVID-19,  the  Group  has  implemented  several  measures  including  but  not limited  to  requiring  daily  health  declaration  to  prevent  the  spread  of  virus  and  all  people  are  required  to  take  body temperature before entering  the  office  area.

Every  case  of  injury  (if  any)  is  required  to  be  reported  to  the  Group  and  be  assessed  individually  under  the  internal guideline  procedures  set.  Subsequently,  the  Group  follows  the  procedures  in  accordance  with  the  Employees' Compensation Ordinance (Chapter  282  of  the  Laws  of  Hong  Kong).  The  Group  is  pleased  to  report  that  the  rate  of accidents  and  injuries  during  the  Reporting  Period  was  extremely  low  with  zero  fatal  accident  (2021:  Nil).

## Health and Safety Key Performance Indicators (Employee)

| 2022  2021  2020  Number of work injuries  -  -  -  Rate of  work  injury  (per  hundred  employees)  -  -  -  Number of loss days due to work injuries  -  -  37 3   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note 3: The number of loss days due to work injuries in 2020 is because of the work injury happened in 2019.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Development And Trainings

The  Group  recognises  the  importance  of  skilled  and  professionally  trained  employees  to  its  business  growth  and future success. Therefore, the Group encourages them to participate in personal development and job-related training courses.  During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Group  formulates  quality  management  training  programs  to  update  our staff  with  the  most  updated  standard  of  ISO9001,  in  order  to  maintain  the  highest  standard  of  professionalism  by  its employees.  Such  training  programs  include  training  on  quality  assurance  of  business  processes  and  testing  of  raw materials  obtained  from  suppliers.

In  daily  operation,  the  Group  provides  induction  training  for  new  employees  and  experienced  employees  act  as mentors to guide newcomers. The Group believes such arrangement can be the best way to facilitate communication and  team  spirit,  as  well  as  improve  technical  skills  and  managerial  capability  and  encourage  the  learning  and  further development of employees at all levels.

The Group will continue to intensify its efforts to promote staff training programs which the Group believes that could help  the  necessary  protection  for  talent  reserves  for  corporate  development.  The  Group  evaluates  the  training  needs of  its  employees  annually  to  ensure  that  employees  are  offered  with  suitable  and  appropriate  training  according  to their  job  nature  and  position.

## Training and Development Key Performance Indicators (Employee)

| Trained staff  Senior  managerial  level 4  Managerial  level 4  General  staff 4  Percentage  of  employees  receiving  training  by  gender 5  2022 Overall  percentage  of  employees  trained 5  2021 Overall  percentage  of  employees  trained 5  Male  100%  -  -  100%  2%  4%  Female  -  -  -  -  100%  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note 4: Percentage of employees trained in the relevant categories = Employees in the category who took part in training / Total number of employees in  the  category  who  took  port  in  training  x  100%.

Note 5: Percentage  of  employees  trained  =  Total  number  of  employees  who  took  part  in  training  /  Total  number  of  employees  as  of  31  December 2022 x 100%.

| Average  training  hours  Senior  managerial  level 6  Managerial  level 6  General  staff 6  Average  training  hours  by gender 6  2022 Overall  average  training  hours 7  2021 Overall  average  training  hours 7  Male  1  hour  -  -  0.02  hour  0.02  hour  0.04  hour  Female  -  -  -  -  Overall  0.5  hour  -  -  0.02  hour   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Environmental,  Social  and  Governance  Report

Note 6: Average training hours = Total number of training hours in the category / Total number of employees in the category as of 31 December 2022.

Note 7: Average training  hours  per  employee  =  Total  number  of  training  hours  /  Total  number  of  employees  as  of  31  December  2022.

## LABOUR STANDARDS

The  Group  always  respects  and  strictly  complies  with  all  applicable  national  laws  and  local  regulations  as  well  as relevant  labour  laws  and  regulations  in  the  place  where  it  operates,  including  the  Policy  of  Employment  of  Children under  the  Employment  Ordinance  (Chapter  57  of  the  Laws  of  Hong  Kong).  The  Group  has  also  developed  rigorous and  systematic  measures  for  recruitment  and  selection  to  prevent  itself  from  illegally  hiring  child  labour  and  ensure that  the  employment  is  in  compliance  with  relevant  laws  and  regulations.

The Group arranges the employees' working hours based on the statutory working hour standards and entitles them to  paid  leaves  and  sick  leaves  in  accordance  with  the  relevant  labour  laws  in  Hong  Kong.

During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Group  has  not  identified  any  material  non-compliance  with  the  relevant  laws  and regulations  in  respect  of  the  prevention  of  child  labour  and  forced  labour  that  would  result  in  material  impact  to  the Group.

## Supply Chain Management

The  Group  implements  supplier  management  in  accordance  with  internal  guidance  which  governs  the  engagement of  suppliers/subcontractors.  Suppliers/Subcontractors  are  chosen  subjecting  to  screening  and  evaluation  procedures among the suppliers/subcontractors based on the quality and price. Also, to ensure suppliers/subcontractors capability in quality assurance, safety and environmental responsibility, field visit and investigation is conducted, which includes a comprehensive review of management systems that are accredited with ISO9001 standards. The investigation reviews the  production  capacity,  technology  level,  quality  assurance  capabilities,  supply  capacity,  safety  and  environment management qualifications if needed. Only the qualified suppliers/subcontractors complied with regulatory requirements are  eligible  for  supplier/subcontractor  selection  by    the  Group.  The  Group  also  carries  out  regular  assessment  on suppliers'/subcontractors' overall capabilities, assets position, nature of business, reputation in the industry, quality of products,  goods  delivery  and  compliance  with  law  and  regulations.

As  customers  are  becoming  more  concerned  about  environmental  issues  and  stress  the  importance  of  using environmentally friendly materials. The Group will continue to act as a corporate citizen in communicating and stressing environmental issues to suppliers. Supplier's service or product with minimal adverse environmental impacts would be one of  the  significant  considerations  of  the  Group  in  the  selection  of  new  supplier.

Each subcontractor and supplier are reviewed after completion of their contracts. In cases of major non-performance of  approved  subcontractor  or  supplier,  the  Group  will  review  their  suitability  to  remain  on  the  approved  list.

## Number of critical suppliers cooperated with the Group during the Reporting Period

| Region  2022  2021  Hong Kong  374  232   |
|-------------------------------------------|

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## PRODUCT AND SERVICE RESPONSIBILITY

The  Group  is  committed  to  providing  high-quality  services  and  guarantees  that  the  quality  of  Group's  projects  is  in line  with industry standards and sustainability requirements. In addition, the Group is always striving to achieve higher standards.

The  Group  has  always  been  focusing  on  quality  control  in  project  construction  since  its  incorporation.  In  respect  of human  resources,  the  Group  has  a  team  of  project  managers  with  rich  experience  in  undertaking  various  pile  work construction  projects.  In  respect  of  systems,  the  Group  has  a  quality  management  system  that  complies  with  the ISO9001 standard, and has procedures in place to manage the non-conformity detected during construction process. When non-conforming work is identified, the Group will review the situation and prevent such substandard work from continuing  or  re-occurring.  If  a  defect  is  likely  to  recur,  the  Group  will  require  the  subcontractor  to  take  remedial action and closely supervise these works whenever practicable. The Group also carry out trainings and established a management system covering various aspects including management of quality of construction staff, quality control on raw  material,  site  management  and  quality  management  system,  so  as  to  ensure  the  timely  and  efficient  completion of  our  projects.  During  the  Reporting  Period,  no  material  complaint  was  received  regarding  the  services  provided  by the  Group.

During the Reporting Period, due to the business nature of the Group, there were no recalls concerning the provision and use of the Group's products due to safety and health reasons. In addition, there were no material complaints received relating  to  the  provision  and  use  of  products  and  services  that  have  a  significant  impact  on  the  Group's  operations.

## PROTECTION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHT AND CONSUMER PRIVACY

The  Group  recognises  the  importance  of  the  protection  over  intellectual  property  right  and  consumer  privacy.  The Group has obtained appropriate licenses for the software in  its  business  operations.

Meanwhile,  the  Group  handles  all  information  provided  by  clients,  employees  and  business  partner  in  accordance with  Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (Chapter 486 of the Laws of Hong Kong) and related laws and regulations to ensure those information  is  under  proper  protection.

## ANTI-CORRUPTION

The Group is committed to maintain the integrity of its corporate culture. Staff members are not allowed to solicit or accept any advantages. The Group sets out the relevant policies in the Employee Handbook and guides the employees to  abide by the code of conduct. The code of conduct provides a clear definition of the provision and acceptance of interests,  such  as  gifts  and  souvenirs,  and  ways  to  deal  with  conflicts  of  interest.

Directors  and  employees  are  required  to  make  a  declaration  to  the  management  through  the  reporting  channels when actual  or  potential  conflict  of  interest  arises.  Employees  cannot  receive  any  gifts  from  any  external  parties  (i.e. customers, suppliers,  contractors,  etc.)  unless  approval  is  obtained  from  the  management.

## Environmental,  Social  and  Governance  Report

The Group has whistle-blowing procedures in effect, encouraging the employees to report directly to the Chairman of the Audit Committee for any misconduct and dishonest behaviour, such as bribery, fraud and other offences. Furthermore, the  Group  has  specified  in  the  Employee  Handbook  that  the  Group  is  entitled  to  terminate  the  employment  contract with  any  employee  who is  bribed  with  money,  gifts  or  commission,  etc.,  and  reserve  the  right  to  take  further  actions against  such  person.

The Group plans to host regular trainings delivered by representatives from regulators and professionals to all Directors and  employees  in  regards  to  anti-corruption  policies  and  procedures  so  as  to  maintain  employees'  awareness  on anti-corruption  best  practices.

During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Group  complied  with  the  relevant  laws  and  regulations  regarding  anti-corruption and money laundering and had no concluded legal case regarding corrupt practices brought against the issuer or its employees (2021: Nil).

## COMMUNITY INVESTMENT

The Group understands well the importance of making positive contribution to the community where it operates and considers community benefits as one of its social responsibility. The Group considers that enterprises and communities are inseparable as a whole. Enterprise development has played a leading role in the economic and social development of  the  community,  such  as  providing  employment  opportunities  and  increasing  taxes.  At  the  same  time,  enterprise development is also inseparable from community's support and help. In order to better fulfil its social responsibilities, the Group is very concerned about environmental and health issues and sponsor the relevant activities or organisations when necessary.

The Group will continue to explore other means to contribute more to the community and strive to facilitate the building of  a  healthy  and  sustainable  society.

## Environmental,  Social  and  Governance  Report

Environmental and social performance indicators have been summarised in the following tables:

## Environmental performance indicators

## Aspect A1: Emissions

| Performance indicator  2022 Data  2021 Data  The Stock  Exchange ESG  Reporting  Guide KPI  Emission  Total  NOx  emissions  (tonnes)  0.27  0.30  KPI  A1.1  Total  SOx  emissions  (tonnes)  0.0005  0.0007  KPI  A1.1  Total  PM  emissions  (tonnes)  0.020  0.023  KPI  A1.1  Total  GHGs emissions  -  scope  1  (tonnes)  87.53  115.03  KPI  A1.2  Total  GHGs emissions  -  scope  2  (tonnes)  17.79  43.21  KPI  A1.2  Total  GHGs emissions  -  scope  3  (tonnes)  0.01  14.51  KPI  A1.2  Intensity  of  GHG  per  number  of  employee  (tonnes)  2.2  6.9  KPI  A1.2  Non-hazardous waste  Mixed construction &amp; demolition waste  (tonnes)  64  87  KPI  A1.4  Inert  construction  &amp;  demolition  waste  (tonnes)  47.65  12,882  KPI  A1.4  Intensity  of  total  Non-hazardous  waste  produced per number of employee  (tonnes)  101  519  KPI  A1.4   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Aspect A2: Use of resources

| Performance indicator  2022 Data  2021 Data  The Stock  Exchange ESG  Reporting  Guide KPI  Energy  Total  energy  consumption  (kWh)  377,089  537,112  KPI  A2.1  Intensity  of  total  energy  consumption  per  number of employees (kWh)  7,856  21,484  KPI  A2.1  Water  Total  water  consumption  (cubic  metres)  13  23,266  KPI  A2.2  Intensity  of  total  water  consumption  per  number of employees (cubic metres)  0.27  930.64  KPI  A2.2   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Social performance indicators

## Aspect B1: Employees

| Performance indicator  2022 Data  2021 Data  The Stock  Exchange ESG  Reporting  Guide KPI  Number of employees  By gender:  KPI  B1.1  -  Male  46  23  -  Female  2  2  By age  KPI  B1.1  -  Age  below  30  2  1  -  Age  30-50  22  9  -  Age  over  50  24  15  Employee turnover rate  By gender  KPI  B1.2  -  Male  (%)  30.4  117.4  -  Female  (%)  -  -  By age  KPI  B1.2  -  Age  below  30  (%)  50.0  -  -  Age  30-50  (%)  31.8  26.7  -  Age  over  50  (%)  25.0  29.2   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Aspect B2: Health and safety

Performance indicator

Number of work injuries

Rate of  work  injury  (per  hundred  employees)

Number of loss days due to work injuries

2022 Data

-

-

-

2021 Data

-

-

-

2020 Data

-

-

37

The Stock

Exchange ESG

Reporting

Guide KPI

KPI  B2.1

KPI  B2.1

KPI  B2.2

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Aspect B3: Development and training

| Performance indicator  2022 Data  2021 Data  The Stock  Exchange ESG  Reporting  Guide KPI  The percentage of  employees receiving  training  By gender  KPI  B3.1  -  Male  100%  100% 8  -  Female  -  -  By category  -  Senior  managerial  level  100%  100%  -  Managerial  level  -  -  -  General  staff  -  -  Average training  hours completed per  employee  By gender  KPI  B3.2  -  Male  (hours)  0.02  0.04  -  Female  (hours)  -  -  By category  -  Senior  managerial  level  (hours)  0.5  1  -  Managerial  level  (hours)  -  -  -  General  staff  (hours)  -  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Aspect B5: Supply Chain Management

Performance indicator

Number of critical suppliers

By region

-  Hong  Kong

2022 Data

374

2021 Data

232

Note 8: The Group adopted a different calculation  method this  year.  Thus,  the  figure  of  2021  has  been  adjusted  to  be  comparable.

The Stock

Exchange ESG

Reporting

Guide KPI

KPI  B5.1

## Independent  Auditors'  Report

<!-- image -->

ndmark der Street l ong 31/F, Gloucester Tower The La 11 Ped Centra Hong K

## TO THE MEMBERS OF BASETROPHY GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED

(Incorporated  in  the  Cayman  Islands  with  limited  liability)

## OPINION

We  have  audited  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  Basetrophy  Group  Holdings  Limited  (the  'Company')  and its  subsidiaries  (collectively  referred  to  as  the  'Group')  set  out  on  pages  61  to  119,  which  comprise  the  consolidated statement  of  financial  position  as  at  31  December  2022,  and  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year  then  ended,  and  notes  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  including  a  summary  of  significant  accounting policies.

In  our  opinion,  the  consolidated  financial  statements  give  a  true  and  fair  view  of  the  consolidated  financial  position  of the Group as at 31 December 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the  year  then  ended  in  accordance  with  Hong  Kong  Financial  Reporting  Standards  ('HKFRSs')  issued  by  the  Hong Kong  Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants  ('HKICPA')  and  have  been  properly  prepared  in  compliance  with  the disclosure  requirements  of  the  Hong  Kong  Companies  Ordinance.

## BASIS FOR OPINION

We  conducted  our  audit  in  accordance  with  Hong  Kong  Standards  on  Auditing  ('HKSAs')  issued  by  the  HKICPA. Our  responsibilities  under  those  standards  are  further  described  in  the  Auditors'  Responsibilities  for  the  Audit  of the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  section  of  our  report.  We  are  independent  of  the  Group  in  accordance  with the  HKICPA's  Code  of  Ethics  for  Professional  Accountants  (the  'Code'),  and  we  have  fulfilled  our  other  ethical responsibilities  in  accordance  with  the  Code.  We  believe  that  the  audit  evidence  we  have  obtained  is  sufficient  and appropriate  to  provide  a  basis  for  our  opinion.

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  current  period.  These  matters  were  addressed  in  the  context  of  our  audit of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  as  a  whole,  and  in  forming  our  opinion  thereon,  and  we  do  not  provide  a separate  opinion  on  these  matters.

2

## Independent Auditors' Report (continued)

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)

## Key audit matter

## How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Recognition  of  revenue  and  costs  from  construction  contracts  and  contract  assets

Refer  to  Note  2.19,  Note  5,  Note  6  and  Note  19  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements

We  identified  recognition  of  revenue  and  costs  from construction  contracts  and  contract  assets  as  a  key audit  matter  as  significant  management's  estimations and judgements are involved in the determination of the outcome  of  construction  contracts  and  the  progress towards completion of construction works.

Our audit procedures in relation to recognition of revenue and costs from construction contracts and contract assets mainly  included:

- Reviewing the contract sum and budgeted costs to respective  signed  contracts  and  budgets  prepared by  management;
- Understanding  from  management  about  how  the budgets were prepared and the respective progress towards completion of construction works were determined;
- Evaluating  the  reasonableness  of  progress  towards completion of construction works by obtaining the  certificates  issued  by  customers  or  payment applications  confirmed  by  internal  surveyor;
- Testing  the  actual  costs  incurred  on  construction works;
- Assessing  the  reasonableness  of  the  budgets  by comparing the actual outcome against management's estimation  of  similar  contracts;  and
- Assessing  the  appropriateness  and  sufficiency  of the  disclosures  made  in  the  consolidated  financial statements.

## Independent Auditors' Report (continued)

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)

## Key audit matter

## How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Impairment assessment of trade receivables and contract assets

Refer  to  Note  2.8,  Note  3.1(ii),  Note  18  and  Note  19  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements

We identified impairment assessment of trade receivables and  contract  assets  as  a  key  audit  matter  due  to  the involvement of subjective judgement and estimates of the management  of  the  Group  in  determining  the  expected credit  losses  ('ECL')  of  the  Group's  trade  receivables and contract assets at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period.

Our audit procedures in relation to impairment assessment of  trade  receivables  and  contract  assets  mainly  included:

- Discussing with management  on the estimation involved  in  determining  the  amount  of  expected credit loss allowance regarding the trade receivables and contract assets;
- Testing the working paper files prepared by management's  expert  to calculate the expected credit loss and checking the information included in the  working  paper  files;
- Engaging  a  valuation  expert  to  assist  us  to  assess the appropriateness  of the expected  credit loss provisioning methodology, examining the key data inputs on  a sample  basis  to assess  their accuracy  and  completeness,  and  challenging  the assumptions,  including  both  historical  and  forwardlooking information, used to determine the expected credit  losses  by  the  management's  expert;  and
- Assessing the adequacy of the Group's disclosures about  the  expected  credit  loss  allowance  regarding trade receivables and contract assets in the consolidated  financial  statements.

## Independent Auditors' Report (continued)

## OTHER INFORMATION

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included  in  the  annual  report,  but  does  not  include  the  consolidated  financial  statements  and  our  auditors'  report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form  of  assurance  conclusion  thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,  in  doing  so,  consider  whether  the  other  information  is  materially  inconsistent  with  the  consolidated  financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to  report  that  fact.  We  have  nothing  to  report  in  this  regard.

## RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true  and  fair  view  in  accordance  with  HKFRSs  issued  by  the  HKICPA  and  the  disclosure  requirements  of  the  Hong Kong  Companies  Ordinance,  and  for  such  internal  control  as  the  directors  determine  is  necessary  to  enable  the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In  preparing  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  directors  are  responsible  for  assessing  the  Group's  ability  to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative  but  to  do  so.

The  directors  are  assisted  by  the  Audit  Committee  in  discharging  their  responsibilities  for  overseeing  the  Group's financial  reporting  process.

## AUDITORS' RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our  objectives  are  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the  consolidated  financial  statements  as  a  whole are  free  from  material  misstatement,  whether  due  to  fraud  or  error,  and  to  issue  an  auditors'  report  that  includes our  opinion  solely  to  you,  as  a  body,  and  for  no  other  purpose.  We  do  not  assume  responsibility  towards  or  accept liability  to  any  other  person  for  the  contents  of  this  report.  Reasonable  assurance  is  a  high  level  of  assurance,  but  is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial  statements.

## Independent Auditors' Report (continued)

## AUDITORS' RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.  We  also:

- Identify  and  assess  the  risks  of  material  misstatement  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  whether  due  to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient  and  appropriate  to  provide  a  basis  for  our  opinion.  The  risk  of  not  detecting  a  material  misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,  misrepresentations,  or  the  override  of  internal  control.
- Obtain  an  understanding  of  internal  control  relevant  to  the  audit  in  order  to  design  audit  procedures  that  are appropriate  in  the  circumstances,  but  not  for  the  purpose  of  expressing  an  opinion  on  the  effectiveness  of  the Group's internal  control.
- Evaluate  the  appropriateness  of  accounting  policies  used  and  the  reasonableness  of  accounting  estimates  and related  disclosures  made  by  the  directors.
- Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists,  we  are  required  to  draw  attention  in  our  auditors'  report  to  the  related  disclosures  in  the  consolidated financial  statements  or,  if  such  disclosures  are  inadequate,  to  modify  our  opinion.  Our  conclusions  are  based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors' report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate  the  overall  presentation,  structure  and  content  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  including  the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in  a  manner  that  achieves  fair  presentation.
- Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within  the  Group  to  express  an  opinion  on  the  consolidated  financial  statements.  We  are  responsible  for  the direction,  supervision  and  performance  of  the  group  audit.  We  remain  solely  responsible  for  our  audit  opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

## Independent Auditors' Report (continued)

## AUDITORS' RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

We  also  provide  the  Audit  Committee  with  a  statement  that  we  have  complied  with  relevant  ethical  requirements regarding  independence,  and  to  communicate  with  them  all  relationships  and  other  matters  that  may  reasonably  be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in  the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe  these  matters  in  our  auditors'  report  unless  law  or  regulation  precludes  public  disclosure  about  the  matter or  when,  in  extremely  rare  circumstances,  we  determine  that  a  matter  should  not  be  communicated  in  our  report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of  such  communication.

The engagement director on the audit resulting in  this  independent  auditors'  report  is  Kwok  Kin  Leung.

## HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited

Certified  Public  Accountants

## Kwok Kin Leung

Practising  Certificate  Number:  P05769

Hong Kong, 31 March 2023

## Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  5  86,480  88,812  Cost of  sales  and  service  6  (70,216)  (77,899)  Gross profit  16,264  10,913  Other  income  and  other  gain  5  1,496  4,509  Administrative  and  other  operating  expenses  6  (11,682)  (10,718)  Net  impairment  losses  on  trade  and  other  receivables  and  contract  assets  3.1(ii)  (12,555)  (2,742)  Operating (loss)/profit  (6,477)  1,962  Finance costs  9  (563)  (826)  (Loss)/profit  before  income  tax  (7,040)  1,136  Income tax credit/(expense)  10  562  (550)  (Loss)/profit  for  the  year  (6,478)  586  Other comprehensive income:  Item  that  may  be  reclassified  subsequently  to  profit  or  loss:  Exchange differences arising  on  translation  of  foreign  operations  27  -  Other  comprehensive income for the year, net of  tax  27  -  Total  comprehensive (expense)/income  (6,451)  586  (Loss)/profit  attributable  to:  Equity  holders  of  the  Company  (6,518)  586  Non-controlling  interests  40  -  (6,478)  586  Total  comprehensive  (expense)/income  attributable  to:  Equity  holders  of  the  Company  (6,504)  586  Non-controlling  interests  53  -  (6,451)  586  (Restated)  (Loss)/earnings  per  share  attributable  to  the  equity  holders  of  the  Company during the year  Basic  and  diluted  (HK  cent)  11  (5.82)  0.6   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## Consolidated Statement of Financial  Position

As at 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  ASSETS  Non-current assets  Property,  plant  and  equipment  14  14,322  13,509  Right-of-use  assets  15  2,056  347  Payment for a life  insurance  policy  17  2,817  2,745  19,195  16,601  Current assets  Inventories  21  4,112  -  Trade and other receivables  18  17,194  17,642  Contract  assets  19  59,772  64,562  Tax recoverable  1,084  -  Cash and bank balances  20  4,147  4,352  86,309  86,556  Total  assets  105,504  103,157  EQUITY  Capital and reserves  Share capital  22  11,500  11,000  Reserves  49,784  55,249  Equity  attributable  to  owners  of  the  Company  61,284  66,249  Non-controlling interests  323  -  Total  equity  61,607  66,249   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (continued)

As at 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  LIABILITIES  Non-current liabilities  Borrowings  24  3,494  -  Lease liabilities  15  963  136  Deferred  tax  liabilities  25  797  1,372  5,254  1,508  Current liabilities  Trade and other payables  26  23,635  23,764  Tax payable  -  475  Borrowings  24  11,698  10,947  Lease liabilities  15  1,092  214  Contract  liabilities  27  500  -  Amount due to non-controlling interests  28  1,718  -  38,643  35,400  Total  liabilities  43,897  36,908  Total  equity  and  liabilities  105,504  103,157  Net current assets  47,666  51,156  Total  assets  less  current  liabilities  66,861  67,757   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 31 March 2023 and are signed on its behalf by:

Mr. Lau Chung Ho Director

Mr. Leung Yat Fai Frankie Keith

Director

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| Attributable to owners of the Company  Share  capital  Share  premium  Other  reserve  Translation  reserve  Retained  earnings  Total  reserves  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  equity  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Note  22)  (Note)  Balance at 1 January 2021  10,000  44,049  1  -  7,445  61,495  -  61,495  Profit  and  total  comprehensive  income  for  the  year  -  -  -  -  586  586  -  586  Issue  of  ordinary  shares  1,000  3,168  -  -  -  4,168  -  4,168  Balance at 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022  11,000  47,217  1  -  8,031  66,249  -  66,249  (Loss)/profit  for  the  year  -  -  -  -  (6,518)  (6,518)  40  (6,478)  Exchange differences arising  on  translation  of  foreign  operations  -  -  -  14  -  14  13  27  Total  comprehensive  income/(expense)  -  -  -  14  (6,518)  (6,504)  53  (6,451)  Acquisition  of  subsidiaries  -  -  -  -  -  -  270  270  Issue  of  ordinary  shares  500  1,039  -  -  -  1,539  -  1,539  Balance at 31 December 2022  11,500  48,256  1  14  1,513  61,284  323  61,607   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

Other reserve represents the difference between the nominal value of the shares issued by the Company in exchange for the nominal value of the share capital  of  its  subsidiaries  arising  from  the  reorganisation.

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cash flows from operating activities  Net  cash  generated  from  operating  activities  29  6,804  7,017  Cash flows from investing activities  Net  cash  inflow  from  acquisition  of  subsidiaries  32  75  -  Purchases of property,  plant  and  equipment  (3,531)  (55)  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant  and  equipment  -  4,782  Net  cash  (used  in)/generated  from  investing  activities  (3,456)  4,727  Cash flows from financing activities  Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares  2,000  4,300  Share issuance expenses  (461)  (132)  Repayments of lease liabilities  (213)  (5,153)  Drawdown of other borrowing  5,460  -  Repayments of other borrowing  (1,216)  (961)  Drawdown of bank borrowings  49,982  41,724  Repayments of bank borrowings  (58,542)  (51,767)  Interest  paid  on  lease  liabilities  (10)  (361)  Interest  paid  on  bank  and  other  borrowings  (553)  (465)  Net  cash  used  in  financing  activities  (3,553)  (12,815)  Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents  (205)  (1,071)  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year  4,352  5,423  Effects  of  foreign  exchange  rate  changes  -*  -  Cash and cash equivalents at end of year  20  4,147  4,352   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Less than HK$1,000

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial  Statements

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 1 GENERAL INFORMATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION

Basetrophy Group Holdings Limited (the ' Company ') was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 4 January 2016 as  an  exempted company with limited liability  under  the  Companies  Law  of  the  Cayman  Islands  and  its  shares were listed on GEM of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the ' Stock Exchange ')  on  27  June  2017. Its  parent  and  ultimate  holding  company is Brightly Ahead Limited (' Brightly Ahead '),  a  company incorporated in  the  British  Virgin  Islands  (' BVI ')  and  wholly-owned  by  Mr.  Lau  Chung  Ho  (' Mr.  Lau '),  the  controlling  party of  the  Company.

The  address  of  the  Company's  registered  office  is  Windward  3,  Regatta  Office  Park,  PO  Box  1350,  Grand Cayman KY1-1108, Cayman Islands and the Company's principal place of business is Unit 18, 29th Floor, New Tech Plaza, 34 Tai Yau Street, San Po Kong, Hong Kong. The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (the ' Group ')  is  principally  engaged  in  provision  of  foundation  and  related  works in  Hong  Kong  and  trading  of  alcoholic  beverages  in  the  People  Republic  of  China  (the  ' PRC ').

The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (' HK$ '), unless otherwise stated. These consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  approved  for  issue  by  the  Board  of  Directors  on  31  March  2023.

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The  principal  accounting  policies  applied  in  the  preparation  of  these  consolidated  financial  statements  are  set out  below.  These  policies  have  been  consistently  applied  to  all  the  years  presented,  unless  otherwise  stated.

## 2.1  Basis of preparation

The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with all applicable Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (' HKFRSs ') issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (' HKICPA ').  In  addition,  the  consolidated  financial  statements  include  applicable  disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on GEM of the Stock Exchange and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost  convention,  except  for  the  financial  assets  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss.

The  preparation  of  financial  statements  in  conformity  with  HKFRSs  requires  the  use  of  certain  critical accounting  estimates.  It  also  requires  management  to  exercise  its  judgement  in  the  process  of  applying the Group's accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where  assumptions  and  estimates  are  significant  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  are  disclosed in  Note  4.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 2.1  Basis of preparation (continued)

## Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year

The  Group  has  applied  the  following  amendments  to  HKFRSs  issued  by  the  HKICPA  for  the  first  time  in the  current  year:

| Amendments to HKFRS 3  Reference to the Conceptual Framework  Amendments to HKAS 16  Property,  Plant  and  Equipment  -  Proceeds  before  Intended  Use Onerous Contracts  - Cost of Fulfilling  a  Contract Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-2020 Merger Accounting for Common Control Combinations  Amendments to HKAS 37  Amendments to HKFRSs  Accounting Guideline 5 (Revised)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  application  of  the  amendments  to  HKFRSs  in  the  current  year  has  had  no  material  impact  on  the Group's financial performance and positions for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out  in  these  consolidated  financial  statements.

## New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective

The  Group  has  not  early  applied  the  following  new  and  amendments  to  HKFRSs  that  have  been  issued but  are  not  yet  effective:

| HKFRS 17 (including the  October 2020 and February 2022  Amendments to HKFRS 17)  Insurance  Contracts 1  Amendments to HKFRS 10 and  HKAS 28  Sale  or  Contribution  of  Assets  between  an  Investor  and  its  Associate  or  Joint  Venture 2  Amendments to HKFRS 16  Lease Liability  in  a  Sale  and  Leaseback 3  Amendments to HKAS 1  Non-current Liabilities  with  Covenants  (2022) 3  Amendments to HKAS 1  Classification  of  Liabilities  as  Current  or  Non-current  and  related  amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020) 3  Amendments to HKAS 1 and  HKFRS Practice Statement 2  Disclosure  of  Accounting  Policies 1  Amendments to HKAS 8  Definition  of  Accounting  Estimates 1  Amendments to HKAS 12  Deferred  Tax  related  to  Assets  and  Liabilities  arising  from  a  Single  Transaction 1   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 1 Effective  for  annual  periods  beginning  on  or  after  1  January  2023.
- 2 Effective  for  annual  periods  beginning  on  or  after  a  date  to  be  determined.
- 3 Effective  for  annual  periods  beginning  on  or  1  January  2024.

The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of the above new and amendments to HKFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Group in the foreseeable future.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 2.2  Subsidiaries

## 2.2.1 Consolidation

Subsidiaries  are  all  entities  (including  a  structured  entity)  over  which  the  Group  has  control.  The Group  controls  an  entity  when  the  Group  is  exposed  to,  or  has  rights  to,  variable  returns  from  its involvement  with  the  entity  and  has  the  ability  to  affect  those  returns  through  its  power  over  the entity. Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are  deconsolidated  from  the  date  that  control  ceases.

The  Group  uses  the  acquisition  method  of  accounting  to  account  for  business  combinations. The  consideration  transferred  for  the  acquisition  of  a  subsidiary  is  the  fair  values  of  the  assets transferred,  the  liabilities  incurred  to  the  former  owners  of  the  acquiree  and  the  equity  interests issued  by  the  Group.  The  consideration  transferred  includes  the  fair  value  of  any  asset  or  liability resulting  from  a  contingent  consideration  arrangement.  Acquisition-related  costs  are  expensed  as incurred.  Identifiable  assets  acquired  and  liabilities  and  contingent  liabilities  assumed  in  a  business combination are  measured initially  at  their  fair  values  at  the  acquisition  date.  The  Group  recognises any non-controlling interest in the acquiree on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis either at fair value or  at  the  non-controlling  interest's  proportionate  share  of  the  recognised  amount  of  the  acquiree's identifiable  net  assets.

The excess of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquire and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of the  identifiable  net  assets  acquired  is  recorded  as  goodwill.  If  the  total  of  consideration  transferred, non-controlling  interest  recognised  and  previously  held  interest  measured  is  less  than  the  fair  value of  the  net  assets  of  the  subsidiary  acquired  in  the  case  of  a  bargain  purchase,  the  difference  is recognised directly  in  the  profit  or  loss.

Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies are  eliminated.  Unrealised  losses  are  also  eliminated.  Accounting  policies  of  subsidiaries  have  been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

## 2.2.2 Separate financial statements

Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable costs  of  investment.  The  results  of  subsidiaries  are  accounted  for  by  the  Company  on  the  basis  of dividend  received  and  receivable.

Impairment  testing  of  the  investments  in  subsidiaries  is  required  upon  receiving  a  dividend  from these  investments  if  the  dividend  exceeds  the  total  comprehensive  income  of  the  subsidiary  in  the period  the  dividend  is  declared  or  if  the  carrying  amount  of  the  investment  in  the  separate  financial statements  exceeds  the  carrying  amount  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  investee's net  assets  including  goodwill.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 2.3  Segment reporting

Operating  segments  are  reported  in  a  manner  consistent  with  the  internal  reporting  provided  to  the  chief operating decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the Board of Directors that makes strategic decisions.

## 2.4  Foreign currency translation

## (a) Functional and presentation currency

Items  included  in  the  financial  statements  of  each  of  the  Group's  entities  are  measured  using the  currency  of  the  primary  economic  environment  in  which  the  entity  operates  (the  ' functional currency ').  The  consolidated  financial  statements  are  presented  in  HK$,  which  is  the  Company's functional  and  the  Group's  presentation  currency.

## (b) Transactions and balances

Foreign  currency  transactions  are  translated  into  the  functional  currency  using  the  exchange  rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions or valuation where items are re-measured. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at yearend exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in  the  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income.

Foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other  comprehensive income.

## (c) Group companies

The  results  and  financial  position  of  all  the  Group  entities  (none  of  which  has  the  currency  of  a hyperinflationary  economy)  that  have  a  functional  currency  different  from  the  presentation  currency are  translated  into  the  presentation  currency  as  follows:

- (i) assets  and  liabilities  for  each  statement  of  financial  position  presented  are  translated  at  the closing  rate  at  the  end  of  that  reporting  period;
- (ii) income and expenses for each statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income are translated  at  average  exchange  rates  (unless  this  average  is  not  a  reasonable  approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the rate  on  the  dates  of  the  transactions);  and
- (iii) all  resulting  currency  translation  differences  are  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 2.5  Property, plant and equipment

The  property,  plant  and  equipment  are  stated  at  historical  cost  less  accumulated  depreciation  and accumulated  impairment  losses,  if  any.  Historical  cost  includes  expenditure  that  is  directly  attributable  to the  acquisition  of  the  items.

Subsequent  costs  are  included  in  the  asset's  carrying  amount  or  recognised  as  a  separate  asset,  as appropriate,  only  when  it  is  probable  that  future  economic  benefits  associated  with  the  item  will  flow  to the  Group  and  the  cost  of  the  item  can  be  measured  reliably.  The  carrying  amount  of  the  replaced  part is  derecognised. All other repairs and maintenance costs are charged to profit or loss during the financial period  in  which  they  are  incurred.

Depreciation on property, plant and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost  to  their  residual  values  over  their  estimated  useful  lives  or  lease  term,  where  applicable,  as  follows:

| Machinery and equipment  10%-20%  Leasehold improvements  Over lease  term  Furniture,  fixtures  and  office  equipment  20%  Motor vehicles  20%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Assets  held  under  finance  leases  are  depreciated  over  their  expected  useful  lives  on  the  same  basis  as owned  assets.  However,  when  there  is  no  reasonable  certainty  that  ownership  will  be  obtained  by  the end of  the  lease  term,  assets  are  depreciated  over  the  shorter  of  the  lease  term  and  their  useful  lives.

The assets' residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each reporting  period.

An  asset's  carrying  amount  is  written  down  immediately  to  its  recoverable  amount  if  the  asset's  carrying amount is greater  than  its  estimated  recoverable  amount.

Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and are  recognised  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income.

## 2.6  Impairment of non-financial assets

Assets  that  have  an  indefinite  useful  life  are  not  subject  to  amortisation  and  are  tested  annually  for impairment. Assets that are subject to amortisation or depreciation are reviewed for impairment whenever events  or  changes  in  circumstances  indicate  that  the  carrying  amount  may  not  be  recoverable.  An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset's carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's fair value less costs of disposal and value in use.  For  the  purposes  of  assessing  impairment,  assets  are  grouped  at  the  lowest  levels  for  which  there are separately identifiable cash flows (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered  an  impairment  are  reviewed  for  possible  reversal  of  the  impairment  at  each  reporting  date.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 2.7  Leases

Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased asset  is  available  for  use  by  the  Group.

Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. The Group allocates the consideration in the contract  to  the  lease  and  non-lease  components  based  on  their  relative  stand-alone  prices.  However,  for leases  of  real  estate  for  which  the  Group  is  a  lessee,  it  has  elected  not  to  separate  lease  and  non-lease components and instead accounts for these as a single lease component.

Lease  terms  are  negotiated  on  an  individual  basis  and  contain  a  wide  range  of  different  terms  and conditions.  The  lease  arrangements  do  not  impose  any  covenants  other  than  the  security  interests  in the  leased  assets  that  are  held  by  the  lessor.  Leased  assets  may  not  be  used  as  security  for  borrowing purposes.

Assets  and  liabilities  arising  from  a  lease  are  initially  measured  on  a  present  value  basis.  Lease  liabilities include  the  net  present  value  of  the  following  lease  payments:

- fixed  payments  (including  in-substance  fixed  payments),  less  any  lease  incentives  receivable;
- variable  lease  payment  that  are  based  on  an  index  or  a  rate,  initially  measured  using  the  index  or rate  as  at  the  commencement  date;
- amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees;
- the  exercise  price  of  a  purchase  option  if  the  Group  is  reasonably  certain  to  exercise  that  option; and
- payments of  penalties  for  terminating  the  lease,  if  the  lease  term  reflects  the  Group  exercising  that option.

Lease  payments  to  be  made  under  reasonably  certain  extension  options  are  also  included  in  the measurement of the liability.

The  lease  payments  are  discounted  using  the  interest  rate  implicit  in  the  lease.  If  that  rate  cannot  be readily determined, which is generally the case for leases in the Group, the lessee's incremental borrowing rate  is  used,  being  the  rate  that  the  individual  lessee  would  have  to  pay  to  borrow  the  funds  necessary to  obtain  an  asset  of  similar  value  to  the  right-of-use  asset  in  a  similar  economic  environment  with  similar terms,  security  and  conditions.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 2.7  Leases (continued)

To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:

- where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee as a starting point, adjusted  to  reflect  changes  in  financing  conditions  since  third  party  financing  was  received;
- uses  a  build-up  approach  that  starts  with  a  risk-free  interest  rate  adjusted  for  credit  risk  for  leases held  by  the  Group,  which  does  not  have  recent  third  party  financing;  and
- makes adjustments specific to the lease,  e.g.  term,  country,  currency  and  security.

The Group is exposed to potential future increases in variable lease payments based on an index or rate, which are not included in the lease liability until they take effect. When adjustments to lease payments based on an index or rate take effect, the lease liability is reassessed and adjusted against the right-of-use asset.

Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of  the  liability  for  each  period.

Right-of-use  assets  are  measured  at  cost  comprising  the  following:

- the  amount  of  the  initial  measurement  of  lease  liability;
- any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received;
- any  initial  direct  costs;  and
- restoration  costs.

Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset's useful life and the lease term on a straight-line  basis.  If  the  Group  is  reasonably  certain  to  exercise  a  purchase  option,  the  right-of-use asset is depreciated over the underlying asset's useful life. While the Group revalues its land and buildings that  are  presented  within  property,  plant  and  equipment,  it  has  chosen  not  to  do  so  for  the  right-of-use buildings  held  by  the  Group.

Payments associated with short-term leases of equipment and vehicles and all leases of low-value assets are  recognised  on  a  straight-line  basis  as  an  expense  in  profit  or  loss.  Short-term  leases  are  leases  with a  lease  term  of  12  months  or  less.

Lease  income  from  operating  leases  where  the  Group  is  a  lessor  is  recognised  in  income  on  a  straightline  basis  over  the  lease  term.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 2.8  Financial assets

## Classification

The Group classifies  its  financial  assets  in  the  following  measurement  categories:

- those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income (' OCI ') or  through  profit  or  loss);  and
- those  to  be  measured  at  amortised  cost.

The  classification  depends  on  the  entity's  business  model  for  managing  the  financial  assets  and  the contractual  terms  of  the  cash  flows.

For  assets  measured  at  fair  value,  gains  and  losses  will  either  be  recorded  in  profit  or  loss  or  OCI.  For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend on whether the Group has made an irrevocable  election  at  the  time  of  initial  recognition  to  account  for  the  equity  investment  at  fair value  through  other  comprehensive  income  (' FVOCI ').

The  Group  reclassifies  debt  investments  when  and  only  when  its  business  model  for  managing  those assets  changes.

## Recognition and derecognition

Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has transferred substantially  all  the  risks  and  rewards  of  ownership.

## Measurement

At  initial  recognition,  the  Group  measures  a  financial  asset  at  its  fair  value  plus,  in  the  case  of  a  financial asset  not  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  (' FVPL '),  transaction  costs  that  are  directly  attributable  to the  acquisition  of  the  financial  asset.  Transaction  costs  of  financial  assets  carried  at  FVPL  are  expensed in  profit  or  loss.

Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether their cash flows are  solely  payment  of  principal  and  interest.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 2.8  Financial assets (continued)

Measurement (continued)

## Debt instruments

Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group's business model for managing the asset  and  the  cash  flow  characteristics  of  the  asset.  There  are  three  measurement  categories  into  which the  Group  classifies  its  debt  instruments:

- Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Any gain  or  loss  arising  on  derecognition  is  recognised  directly  in  profit  or  loss  and  presented  in  other gains/(losses)  together  with  foreign  exchange  gains  and  losses.  Impairment  losses  are  presented  as separate  line  item  in  the  statement  of  profit  or  loss.
- FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the financial assets, where  the  assets'  cash  flows  represent  solely  payments  of  principal  and  interest,  are  measured at  FVOCI.  Movements  in  the  carrying  amount  are  taken  through  OCI,  except  for  the  recognition of  impairment  gains  or  losses,  interest  income  and  foreign  exchange  gains  and  losses  which  are recognised  in  profit  or  loss.  When  the  financial  asset  is  derecognised,  the  cumulative  gain  or  loss previously recognised in OCI is reclassified from equity to profit or loss and recognised in other gains/ (losses). Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest  rate  method.  Foreign  exchange  gains  and  losses  are  presented  in  other  gains/(losses)  and impairment expenses are presented as separate line item in the statement of profit  or  loss.
- FVPL:  Assets  that  do  not  meet  the  criteria  for  amortised  cost  or  FVOCI  are  measured  at  FVPL.  A gain  or  loss  on  a  debt  investment  that  is  subsequently  measured  at  FVPL  is  recognised  in  profit  or loss  and  presented  net  within  other  gains/(losses)  in  the  period  in  which  it  arises.

## Equity instruments

The  Group  subsequently  measures  all  equity  investments  at  fair  value.  Where  the  Group's  management has  elected  to  present  fair  value  gains  and  losses  on  equity  investments  in  OCI,  there  is  no  subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss following the derecognition of the investment. Dividends  from  such  investments  continue  to  be  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  as  other  income  when  the Group's right  to  receive  payments  is  established.

Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVPL are recognised in other gains/(losses) in the statement of profit or loss as applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on equity investments measured at FVOCI are not reported separately from other changes in fair value.

## Impairment

The  Group  assesses  on  a  forward-looking  basis  the  expected  credit  losses  associated  with  its  debt instruments carried at amortised cost and FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there  has  been  a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk.

For  trade  receivables,  the  Group  applies  the  simplified  approach  permitted  by  HKFRS  9,  which  requires expected lifetime  losses  to  be  recognised  from  initial  recognition  of  the  receivables.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 2.9  Trade and other receivables

Trade  receivables  are  amounts  due  from  customers  for  services  performed  in  the  ordinary  course  of business.  If  collection  of  trade  and  other  receivables  is  expected  in  one  year  or  less  (or  in  the  normal operating  cycle  of  the  business  if  longer),  they  are  classified  as  current  assets.  If  not,  they  are  presented as  non-current  assets.

Trade  and  other  receivables  are  recognised  initially  at  the  amount  of  consideration  that  is  unconditional unless  they  contain  significant  financing  components,  when  they  are  recognised  at  fair  value.  The  Group holds the trade receivables with the objective to collect the contractual cash flows and therefore measures them subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest  method,  less  provision  for  impairment.

## 2.10 Cash and cash equivalents

In  the  consolidated  statement  of  cash  flows,  cash  and  cash  equivalents  includes  cash  on  hand,  deposits held  at  call  with  banks,  other  short-term  highly  liquid  investments  with  original  maturities  of  three  months or  less,  and  bank  overdrafts  (if  any).

## 2.11 Share capital

Ordinary  shares  are  classified  as  equity.

Incremental  costs  directly  attributable  to  the  issue  of  new  shares  or  options  are  shown  in  equity  as  a deduction,  net  of  tax,  from  the  proceeds.

## 2.12 Trade and other payables

Trade  payables  are  obligations  to  pay  for  goods  or  services  that  have  been  acquired  in  the  ordinary course of business from suppliers. Trade and other payables are classified as current liabilities if payment is  due  within  one  year  or  less  (or  in  the  normal  operating  cycle  of  the  business  if  longer).  If  not,  they  are presented as non-current liabilities.

Trade  and  other  payables  are  recognised  initially  at  fair  value  and  subsequently  measured  at  amortised cost  using  the  effective  interest  method.

## 2.13 Borrowings

Borrowings  are  recognised  initially at fair value, net of  transaction  costs  incurred.  Borrowings  are subsequently carried at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the  redemption  value  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  over  the  period  of  the  borrowings  using  the  effective interest  method.

Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of  the  liability  for  at  least  12  months  after  the  end  of  the  reporting  period.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 2.14 Borrowing costs

General and specific borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready  for  their  intended  use  or  sale.

Investment  income  earned  on  the  temporary  investment  of  specific  borrowings  pending  their  expenditure on qualifying  assets  is  deducted  from  the  borrowing  costs  eligible  for  capitalisation.

All  other  borrowing  costs  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  in  the  period  in  which  they  are  incurred.

## 2.15 Current and deferred income tax

The tax expense for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the profit or loss, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In  this  case  the  tax  is  also  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income  or  directly  in  equity,  respectively.

The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period  in  the  countries  where  the  Group  operates  and  generates  taxable income. Management periodically evaluate positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of  amounts  expected  to  be  paid  to  the  tax  authorities.

Deferred  income  tax  is  recognised,  using  the  liability  method,  on  temporary  differences,  arising  between the  tax  bases  of  assets  and  liabilities  and  their  carrying  amounts  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements. However,  the  deferred  tax  liabilities  are  not  recognised  if  it  arises  from  initial  recognition  of  an  asset  or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting  nor  taxable  profit  or  loss.  Deferred  income  tax  is  determined  using  tax  rates  (and  laws)  that have  been  enacted  or  substantively  enacted  by  the  end  of  each  reporting  period  and  are  expected  to apply  when  the  related  deferred  income  tax  asset  is  realised  or  the  deferred  taxation  liability  is  settled.

Deferred  income  tax  assets  are  recognised  only  to  the  extent  that  it  is  probable  that  future  taxable  profit will  be  available  against  which  the  temporary  differences  can  be  utilised.

Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income taxes assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the taxable entity or different taxable entities where there is  an  intention  to  settle  the  balances  on  a  net  basis.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 2.16 Employee benefits

## (i) Employee leave entitlements

Employee entitlements to annual leave  are  recognised  when  they  accrue  to  employees.  A  provision is  made for the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to  the  end  of  each  reporting  period.

Employee entitlements to sick leave  and  maternity  leave  are  not  recognised  until  the  time  of  leave.

## (ii) Retirement benefits

The  Group  operates  a  defined  contribution  plan  and  pays  contributions  to  a  privately  administered pension  insurance  plan  on  a  mandatory,  contractual  or  voluntary  basis.  The  Group  has  no  further payment  obligations  once  the  contributions  have  been  paid.  The  contributions  are  recognised  as employee benefit expenses when they are due. Prepaid contributions are recognised as an asset to the  extent  that  a  cash  refund  or  a  reduction  in  the  future  payments  is  available.

## (iii) Termination benefits

Termination  benefits  are  payable  when  employment  is  terminated  by  the  Group  before  the  normal retirement  date,  or  whenever  an  employee  accepts  voluntary  redundancy  in  exchange  for  these benefits.  The  Group  recognises  termination  benefits  when  it  is  demonstrably  committed  to  a termination  when  the  entity  has  a  detailed  formal  plan  to  terminate  the  employment  of  current employees  without  possibility  of  withdrawal.  In  the  case  of  an  offer  made  to  encourage  voluntary redundancy, the termination benefits are measured based on the number of employees expected to accept  the  offer.  Benefits  falling  due  more  than  12  months  after  the  end  of  each  reporting  period are  discounted  to  present  value.

## (iv) Bonus plans

The  Group  recognises  a  liability  and  an  expense  for  bonuses  when  the  Group  has  a  present  legal or  constructive  obligation  as  a  result  of  services  rendered  by  employees  and  a  reliable  estimate  of such obligation  can  be  made.

## 2.17 Provisions

Provisions  are  recognised  when:  the  Group  has  a  present  legal  or  constructive  obligation  as  a  result  of past  events;  it  is  probable  that  an  outflow  of  resources  will  be  required  to  settle  the  obligation;  and  the amounts have been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future  operating  losses.

Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is  determined  by  considering  the  class  of  obligations  as  a  whole.  A  provision  is  recognised  even  if  the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.

Provisions  are  measured  at  the  present  value  of  the  expenditures  expected  to  be  required  to  settle  the obligation  using  a  pre-tax  rate  that  reflects  current  market  assessments  of  the  time  value  of  money  and the  risks  specific  to  the  obligations.  The  increase  in  the  provision  due  to  passage  of  time  is  recognised as  interest  expense.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 2.18 Contingent liabilities  and  contingent  assets

A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group. It can also be a present obligation arising from past events that is not recognised because it is not probable that outflow of economic resource will be required or the amount of obligation cannot be measured reliably.

A contingent liability is not recognised but is disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. When a change in the probability of an outflow occurs so that outflow is probable, it will then be recognised as  a  provision.

A contingent asset is a possible asset that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed only  by  the  occurrence  or  non-occurrence  of  one  or  more  uncertain  events  not  wholly  within  the  control of  the  Group.

Contingent assets are not recognised but are disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements when an inflow of economic benefits is probable. When inflow is virtually  certain,  an  asset  is  recognised.

## 2.19 Revenue recognition

The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when 'control' of the goods or services underlying  the  particular  performance  obligation  is  transferred  to  the  customer.

A  performance  obligation  represents  a  good  or  service  (or  a  bundle  of  goods  or  services)  that  is  distinct or  a  series  of  distinct  goods  or  services  that  are  substantially  the  same.

Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction  of  the  relevant  performance  obligation  if  one  of  the  following  criteria  is  met:

- the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group's performance as  the  Group  performs;
- the  Group's  performance  creates  and  enhances  an  asset  that  the  customer  controls  as  the  Group performs;  or
- the  Group's  performance  does  not  create  an  asset  with  an  alternative  use  to  the  Group  and  the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

Otherwise,  revenue  is  recognised  at  a  point  in  time  when  the  customer  obtains  control  of  the  distinct good or service.

A  contract  asset  represents  the  Group's  right  to  consideration  in  exchange  for  goods  or  services  that the  Group  has  transferred  to  a  customer  that  is  not  yet  unconditional.  It  is  assessed  for  impairment in  accordance  with  HKFRS  9.  In  contrast,  a  receivable  represents  the  Group's  unconditional  right  to consideration,  i.e.  only  the  passage  of  time  is  required  before  payment  of  that  consideration  is  due.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 2.19 Revenue recognition (continued)

A contract liability represents the Group's obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the  Group  has  received  consideration  (or  an  amount  of  consideration  is  due)  from  the  customer.

A  contract  asset  and  a  contract  liability  relating  to  a  contract  are  accounted  for  and  presented  on  a  net basis.

## Over time revenue recognition: measurement of progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation

## Output method

The  progress  towards  complete  satisfaction  of  a  performance  obligation  is  measured  based  on  output method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value of the goods or services  transferred  to  the  customer  to  date  relative  to  the  remaining  goods  or  services  promised  under the  contract,  that  best  depict  the  Group's  performance  in  transferring  control  of  goods  or  services.

## Variable consideration

For contracts that contain variable consideration, the Group estimates the amount of consideration to which it  will  be  entitled  using  either  (a)  the  expected  value  method  or  (b)  the  most  likely  amount,  depending  on which method better predicts the amount of consideration to which the Group will be entitled.

The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent that it is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the future when the  uncertainty  associated  with  the  variable  consideration  is  subsequently  resolved.

At the end of each reporting period, the Group updates the estimated transaction price (including updating its  assessment  of  whether  an  estimate  of  variable  consideration  is  constrained)  to  represent  faithfully  the circumstances  present  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  and  the  changes  in  circumstances  during  the reporting  period.

## Costs to fulfil  a  contract

The Group incurs costs to fulfil a contract in its construction contracts. The Group first assesses whether these costs qualify for recognition as an asset in terms of other relevant standards, failing which it recognises an  asset  for  these  costs  only  if  they  meet  all  of  the  following  criteria:

- the  costs  relate  directly  to  a  contract  or  to  an  anticipated  contract  that  the  Group  can  specifically identify;
- the costs generate or enhance resources of the Group that will be used in satisfying (or in continuing to  satisfy)  performance  obligations  in  the  future;  and
- the  costs  are  expected  to  be  recovered.

The asset so recognised is subsequently amortised to profit or loss on a systematic basis that is consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the assets relate. The asset is subject to  impairment  review.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 2.20 Dividend distribution

Dividend  distribution  to  the  Company's  shareholders  is  recognised  as  a  liability  in  the  Group's  and  the Company's financial statements in the period in which the dividends are declared by the directors in case of  interim  dividends  or  approved  by  the  Company's  shareholders  in  case  of  final  dividends.

## 2.21 Related parties

A  party  is  considered  to  be  related  to  the  Group  if:

- (a) the  party  is  a  person  or  a  close  member  of  that  person's  family  and  that  person:
- (i) has control  or  joint  control  over  the  Group;
- (ii) has significant  influence  over  the  Group;  or
- (iii) is  a  member  of  the  key  management  personnel  of  the  Group  or  of  a  parent  of  the  Group.

or

- (b) the  party  is  an  entity  where  any  of  the  following  conditions  applies:
- (i) the  entity  and  the  Group  are  members  of  the  same  group;
- (ii) one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow subsidiary  of  the  other  entity);
- (iii) the  entity  and  the  Group  are  joint  ventures  of  the  same  third  party;
- (iv) one  entity  is  a  joint  venture  of  a  third  entity  and  the  other  entity  is  an  associate  of  the  third entity;
- (v) the  entity  is  a  post-employment  benefit  plan  for  the  benefit  of  employees  of  either  the  Group or  an  entity  related  to  the  Group;
- (vi) the  entity  is  controlled  or  jointly  controlled  by  a  person  identified  in  (a);
- (vii) a  person  identified  in  (a)(i)  has  significant  influence  over  the  entity  or  is  a  member  of  key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity);  and
- (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services  to  the  Group  or  to  the  parent  of  the  Group.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 2.22 Interest  income

Interest income from financial assets at FVPL is included in the net fair value gains/(losses) on these assets.

Interest  income  on  financial  assets  at  amortised  cost  calculated  using  the  effective  interest  method  is recognised in  the  statement  of  profit  or  loss  as  part  of  other  income.

Interest  income  is  presented  as  finance  income  where  it  is  earned  from  financial  assets  that  are  held  for cash management purposes. Any other interest income is included in other income.

Interest  income  is  calculated  by  applying  the  effective  interest  rate  to  the  gross  carrying  amount  of  a financial  asset  except  for  financial  assets  that  subsequently  become  credit-impaired.  For  credit-impaired financial  assets the effective interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after deduction of  the  loss  allowance).

## 2.23 Government grants

Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that the  grant  will  be  received  and  the  group  will  comply  with  all  attached  conditions.

Government  grants  relating  to  costs  are  deferred  and  recognised  in  the  profit  or  loss  over  the  period necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.

Government grants relating to the purchase of property, plant and equipment are included in non-current liabilities  as  deferred  income  and  are  credited  to  profit  or  loss  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  expected lives  of  the  related  assets.

## 3 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

## 3.1 Financial risk  factors

The  Group's  activities  exposed  it  to  a  variety  of  financial  risks:  market  risk  (foreign  exchange  risk  and interest  rate  risk),  credit  risk  and  liquidity  risk.

The Group's overall risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to  minimise  potential  adverse  effects  on  the  Group's  financial  performance.

## (i) Market risk

## Foreign exchange risk

The majority  of  the  Group's  transactions  are  denominated  in  HK$  except  for  certain  bank  balances and  payment  for  a  life  insurance  policy  which  are  denominated  in  US$  and  RMB.  Since  HK$  is pegged to US$, the Group has limited exposure to foreign exchange risk.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 3 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

## 3.1 Financial risk  factors (continued)

## (i) Market risk (continued)

## Interest  rate  risk

Other  than  bank  balances  with  variable  interest  rate,  the  Group  has  no  other  significant  interestbearing assets. Management does not anticipate significant impact to interest-bearing assets resulted from  the  changes  in  interest  rates,  because  the  interest  rates  of  bank  balances  are  not  expected to  change  significantly.

The Group's interest rate risk arises from borrowings. Borrowings obtained with variable rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk which is partially offset by cash deposited at variable rates. The Group has not hedged its cash flow interest rate risks.

As  at  31  December  2022,  if  the  interest  rate  on  all  variable-rate  borrowings  had  been  100  basis points  higher/lower  with  all  other  variables  held  constant,  the  Group's  loss  after  income  tax  for  the year would have been decreased/increased by approximately HK$101,000 (2021: profit after income tax  for  the  year  would  have  been  increased/decreased  by  approximately  HK$40,000),  mainly  as  a result  of  higher/lower  interest  expense  on  borrowings  with  floating  interest  rates.

## (ii) Credit risk

Credit  risk  arises  mainly  from  trade  and  other  receivables,  contract  assets  and  cash  and  bank balances.  The  Group's  maximum  exposure  to  credit  risk  in  the  event  of  the  counterparties'  failure to perform their obligations as at the reporting dates in relation to each class of recognised financial assets  and  contract  assets  is  the  carrying  amount  of  those  assets  as  stated  in  the  consolidated statement of  financial  position.

In respect of cash at banks, the credit risk is considered to be low as the counterparties are reputable banks. Therefore, expected credit loss rate of cash at banks are assessed to be close to zero and no provision  was  made.

In  respect  of  trade  and  other  receivables  and  contract  assets,  individual  credit  evaluations  are performed  on  all  customers  and  counterparties.  These  evaluations  focus  on  the  counterparty's financial position, past history of making payments and take into account information specific to the counterparty as well as pertaining to the economic environment in which the counterparty operates. Monitoring  procedures  have  been  implemented  to  ensure  that  follow-up  action  is  taken  to  recover overdue debts.  In  addition,  the  Group  reviews  the  recoverable  amount  of  each  individual  trade  and other receivable and contract assets balance at the end of each reporting period to ensure adequate impairment losses are made for irrecoverable amounts.

As  at  31  December  2022,  there  were  two  (2021:  three)  customers  which  individually  contributed over  10%  of  the  Group's  trade  receivables  and  contract  assets.  The  aggregate  amounts  of  trade receivables and contract assets from these customers amounted to 48% (2021: 64%) of the Group's total  trade  receivables  and  contract  assets  as  at  31  December  2022.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 3 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

## 3.1 Financial risk  factors (continued)

## (ii) Credit risk (continued)

The Group's internal  credit  risk  grading  assessment  comprises  the  following  categories:

| Internal  credit  rating  Description  Trade receivables/  contract assets  Other financial  assets  Performing  The counterparty has a low risk of  default  and  does  not  have  any  past-due amounts  Lifetime  ECL  -  not  credit-impaired  12m ECL  Doubtful  There has been a significant  increase  in  credit  risk  since  initial  recognition  Lifetime  ECL  -  not  credit-impaired  Lifetime  ECL  -  not  credit-impaired  In  default  There is  evidence  indicating  the  asset  is  credit  impaired  Lifetime  ECL  -  credit-impaired  Lifetime  ECL  -  credit-impaired  Write-off  There is  evidence  indicating  that  the  debtor  is  in  severe  financial  difficulty  and  the  Group  has  no  realistic  prospect  of  recovery  Amount is written  off  Amount is written  off   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measure ECL which uses a lifetime ECL for all trade receivables and contract assets. To measure the ECL, trade receivables and contract assets have  been  assessed  individually  with  significant  balances  and  the  remaining  balances  are  grouped based on shared credit  risk  characteristics.  The  contract  assets  relate  to  unbilled  work  in  progress and  have  substantially  the  same  risk  characteristics  as  the  trade  receivables  for  the  same  types  of contracts. The Group has therefore estimated the expected loss rates for the trade receivables and the  contract  assets  on  the  same  basis.

The  Group  has  performed  historical  analysis  and  identified  the  key  economic  variables  impacting credit risk and ECL. It considers available reasonable and supportive forwarding-looking information. The  Group  also  makes  periodic  assessments  on  the  recoverability  of  the  receivables  based  on  the background and reputation of the customers, historical  settlement  records  and  past  experience.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 3 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

## 3.1 Financial risk  factors (continued)

## (ii) Credit risk (continued)

The  table  below  detail  the  credit  risk  exposures,  which  represent  the  gross  carrying  amount  at  the end  of  the  reporting  period,  of  the  Group's  financial  assets  and  other  item  which  are  subject  to ECL assessment:

| External  credit  rating  Internal  credit  rating  12m ECL or  lifetime  ECL  2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financial assets at  amortised cost  Trade receivables  18  N/A  Performing  Lifetime  ECL  -  not  credit-impaired  2,918  4,228  N/A  Doubtful  Lifetime  ECL  -  not  credit-impaired  643  -  N/A  In  default  Lifetime  ECL  -  credit-impaired  3,726  4,369  7,287  8,597  Other  receivables  18  N/A  Performing  12m ECL  2,084  1,422  Bank balances  20  A1 to Aa1  N/A  12m ECL  4,137  4,342  Other item  Contract  assets  19  N/A  Performing  Lifetime  ECL  -  not  credit-impaired  42,425  50,772  N/A  Doubtful  Lifetime  ECL  -  not  credit-impaired  26,991  17,302  N/A  In  default  Lifetime  ECL  -  credit-impaired  6,005  -  75,421  68,074   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 3 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

## 3.1 Financial risk  factors (continued)

## (ii) Credit risk (continued)

The loss  allowance  for  trade  receivables  and  contract  assets  were  determined  as  follows:

| Weighted  average  expected  credit  loss  rate  Gross  carrying  amount  Expected  credit  loss  Net  carrying  amount  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At  31  December 2022  Trade receivables  Provision  on  individual  basis  16.99%  7,287  1,238  6,049  Contract assets  Provision  on  individual  basis  20.75%  75,421  15,649  59,772  At  31  December 2021  Trade receivables  Provision  on  individual  basis  9.54%  8,597  820  7,777  Contract assets  Provision  on  individual  basis  5.16%  68,074  3,512  64,562   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 3 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

## 3.1 Financial risk  factors (continued)

## (ii) Credit risk (continued)

The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for trade receivables and contract assets:

| Trade receivables  Contract assets  Lifetime ECL  -  not  credit-  impaired  Lifetime  ECL  - credit-  impaired  Lifetime ECL  -  not  credit-  impaired  Lifetime  ECL  - credit-  impaired  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  As at  1  January  2021  229  842  519  -  1,590  Transfer  to  credit-impaired  (89)  89  -  -  -  Impairment losses recognised  2  176  3,393  -  3,571  Impairment losses reversed  (141)  (288)  (400)  -  (829)  As at  31  December 2021 and  1  January  2022  1  819  3,512  -  4,332  Transfer  to/from  credit-impaired  643  (643)  (75)  75  -  Impairment losses recognised  158  663  7,555  4,594  12,970  Impairment losses reversed  (403)  -  (12)  -  (415)  As at  31  December 2022  399  839  10,980  4,669  16,887   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Trade  receivables  and  contract  assets  are  written  off  when  there  is  no  reasonable  expectation  of recovery  include,  amongst  others,  the  failure  of  a  debtor  to  engage  in  a  repayment  plan  with  the Group.

Impairment losses on trade receivables and contract assets are presented as net impairment losses within  operating profit.  Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against the  same  line  item.

The Group assessed the 12m ECL of the other receivables and considered that the ECL allowance for  these  receivables  is  immaterial.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

## 3 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

## 3.1 Financial risk  factors (continued)

## (iii) Liquidity  risk

The  Group's  policy  is  to  regularly  monitor  current  and  expected  liquidity  requirements  and  its compliance  with  debt  covenants,  to  ensure  that  it  maintains  sufficient  reserves  of  cash  and adequate committed lines of funding from banks and other financial institutions to meet their liquidity requirements in the short and long term. Management believes there is no significant liquidity risk as the  Group  has  sufficient  committed  facilities  to  fund  their  operations.

The  following  table  details  the  remaining  contractual  maturities  at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period of the Group's financial liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based on rates current at the end of  each  reporting  period)  and  the  earliest  date  the  Group  may  be  required  to  pay:

| On demand  or  within  one year  Between one  and  two years  Between two  and  five  years  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At  31  December 2022  Trade and other payables  23,635  -  -  23,635  Borrowings  12,056  2,056  1,715  15,827  Lease liabilities  1,163  982  -  2,145  Amount due to non-  controlling  interests  1,718  -  -  1,718  38,572  3,038  1,715  43,325  At  31  December 2021  Trade and other payables  23,764  -  -  23,764  Borrowings  10,982  -  -  10,982  Lease liabilities  229  143  -  372  34,975  143  -  35,118   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 3 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

## 3.2  Capital management

The  Group's  primary  objectives  when  managing  capital  are  to  safeguard  the  Group's  ability  to  continue as  a  going  concern,  so  that  it  can  continue  to  provide  returns  for  shareholders,  to  support  the  Group's stability  and  growth;  to  earn  a  margin  commensurate  with  the  level  of  business  and  market  risks  in  the Group's operations and to maintain an optimal capital structure  to  reduce  the  cost  of  capital.

In  order  to  maintain  or  adjust  the  capital  structure,  the  Group  may  adjust  the  amount  of  dividends  paid to  shareholders,  return  capital  to  shareholders,  issue  new  shares,  obtain  new  borrowings  or  sell  assets to  reduce  debt.

The Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as the total interestbearing  liabilities  divided  by  the  total  equity.

The gearing ratios  of  the  Group  are  as  follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Total  interest-bearing  liabilities  17,247  11,297  Total  equity  61,607  66,249  Gearing ratio  28%  17%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3.3 Fair  value  estimation

## (i) Fair  value  hierarchy

This  section  explains  the  judgements  and  estimates  made  in  determining  the  fair  values  of  the financial  instruments  that  are  recognised  and  measured  at  fair  value  in  the  financial  statements.  To provide an indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the Group has classified  its  financial  instruments  into  the  three  levels  prescribed  under  the  accounting  standards.

| 2022  2021  Note  HK$'000  HK$'000  Level 2  Recurring fair value measurements  Payment for a life  insurance  policy  17  2,817  2,745   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 3 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

## 3.3 Fair  value  estimation (continued)

- (i) Fair  value  hierarchy (continued)

There were no transfers between levels 1, 2 and 3 during the year.

- Level  1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period. The quoted market price used for financial assets held  by  the  group  is  the  current  bid  price.  These  instruments  are  included  in  level  1.
- Level  2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined using  valuation  techniques  which  maximise  the  use  of  observable  market  data  and  rely as  little  as  possible  on  entity-specific  estimates.  If  all  significant  inputs  required  to  fair value  an  instrument  are  observable,  the  instrument  is  included  in  level  2.
- Level  3: If  one  or  more  of  the  significant  inputs  is  not  based  on  observable  market  data,  the instrument  is  included  in  level  3.

## 4 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

Estimates and judgements used in preparing the consolidated financial statements are continually evaluated and are  based  on  historical  experience  and  other  factors,  including  expectations  of  future  events  that  are  believed to  be  reasonable  under  the  circumstances.  The  resulting  accounting  estimates  will,  by  definition,  seldom  equal the  related  actual  results.  The  estimates  and  assumptions  that  have  a  significant  risk  of  causing  a  material adjustment to the  carrying  amounts  of  assets  and  liabilities  within  the  next  financial  year  are  addressed  below.

## (a) Impairment assessment of trade receivables and contract assets

The  loss  allowances  for  trade  receivables  and  contract  asset  are  based  on  assumptions  about  risk  of default  and  expected  loss  rates.  The  Group  uses  judgement  in  making  these  assumptions  and  selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation, based on the Group's past history, existing market conditions as well  as  forward  looking  estimates  at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period.

## (b) Progress towards completion of construction works

The  Group  recognises  its  contract  revenue  over  time  by  reference  to  the  progress  towards  complete satisfaction of a performance obligation of the end of the reporting period, measured based on the surveys of  work  performed to date of the individual contract of construction works relative to total contract value. Because of the nature of the activity undertaken in construction contracts, the date at which the contract activity  is  entered  into  and  the  date  when  the  activity  is  completed  usually  fall  into  different  accounting period.  The  Group  reviews  and  revises  the  estimates  of  contract  revenue,  contract  costs  and  variation orders prepared for each construction contract as the contract progresses. Management regularly reviews the  progress  of  the  contracts  and  the  corresponding  costs  of  the  contract  revenue.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 4 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (continued)

## (b) Progress towards completion of construction works (continued)

The  Group  reviews  and  revises  the  estimates  of  contract  revenue,  contract  costs,  variation  orders  and contract claims prepared for each construction contract as the contract progresses. Budgeted construction costs  are  prepared  by  the  management  on  the  basis  of  quotations  from  time  to  time  provided  by  the major contractors, suppliers or vendors involved and the experience of the management. In order to keep the  budget accurate and up-to-date, management conducts periodic reviews of the budgets of contracts by comparing the budgeted amounts to the actual amounts incurred. Such significant estimate may have impact on the profit  recognised  in  each  period.

## 5 REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND OTHER GAIN AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

Revenue and other income and other gain recognised during the year are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  Foundation and related works  86,178  88,812  Sales  of  alcoholic  beverages  302  -  86,480  88,812  Other income and other gain  Fair  value  change  on  assets  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  72  95  Gain  on  disposal  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  -  2,511  Gain  on  early  termination  of  lease  -  14  Gain  on  bargain  purchase  281  -  Government grants (Note)  740  -  Rental  income  360  1,889  Others  43  -  1,496  4,509   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

Under Anti-Epidemic Fund launched by the Hong Kong SAR government, wage subsidies of approximately HK$740,000 related to the Employment Support Scheme were recognised in the year ended 31 December 2022.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 5 REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND OTHER GAIN AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Represented by:  Timing of revenue recognition  At  a  point  in  time  302  -  Over time  86,178  88,812  86,480  88,812  Types of goods or service  Foundation and related works  86,178  88,812  Sales  of  alcoholic  beverages  302  -  86,480  88,812   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Performance obligations for contracts with customers

- i) The  Group  provides  services  of  foundation  and  site  formation  works  and  other  geotechnical  engineering works to customers. Such services are recognised as a performance obligation satisfied over time as the Group  creates  or  enhances  an  asset  that  the  customer  controls  as  the  asset  is  created  or  enhanced. Revenue for these works is therefore recognised over time using output method, i.e. based on surveys of the  relevant  services  completed  by  the  Group  to  date  with  reference  to  certificates  issued  by  customers or payment applications confirmed by internal surveyor. The directors of the Company consider that output method would faithfully depict the Group's performance towards complete satisfaction of these performance obligations  in  these  contracts  under  HKFRS  15.
2. ii) Revenue  from  alcoholic  beverages  trading  is  recognised  when  the  control  of  goods  is  transferred,  being when the goods are delivered to the customer's specific location. A receivable is recognised by the Group when  the  goods  are  delivered  to  the  customers  as  this  represents  the  Group's  right  to  consideration becomes  unconditional,  as  only  the  passage  of  time  is  required  before  payment  is  due.  The  contracts signed  with  the  customers  are  fixed  price  contracts.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 5 REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND OTHER GAIN AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

## Transaction  price  allocated  to  the  remaining  performance  obligations  from contracts with customers

The  transaction  price  allocated  to  the  remaining  performance  obligations  (unsatisfied  or  partially  unsatisfied)  as at  31  December  2022  and  the  expected  timing  of  recognising  revenue  are  as  follows:

Foundation and related works HK$'000

49,058

Within  1  year

The  transaction  price  allocated  to  the  remaining  performance  obligations  (unsatisfied  or  partially  unsatisfied)  as at  31  December  2021  and  the  expected  timing  of  recognising  revenue  are  as  follows:

Within  1  year

Foundation and related works HK$'000 45,250

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 5 REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND OTHER GAIN AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

## Segment information

The  management  has  determined  the  operating  segments  based  on  the  reports  reviewed  by  the  directors  of the Company, being the chief operating decision maker (the ' CODM ') that are used to assess performance and allocate  resources.  The  management  assesses  the  performance  of  the  following  operating  segments  as  below:

| (i) Foundation and related works business  Provides  services  of  foundation  and  site  formation  works  and other  geotechnical  engineering  works  to  customers. Trading  and  distribution  of  alcoholic  beverages  (ii) Alcoholic  beverages  trading  business   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The segment revenue and results for the year ended 31 December 2022 are as follows:

| Foundation  and related  works  Alcoholic  beverages  trading  Unallocated  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue from external customers  86,178  302  -  86,480  Segment results  (1,773)  95  (4,799)  (6,477)  Finance costs  (563)  Loss before income tax  (7,040)  Income tax credit  (Note  10)  562  Loss for the year  (6,478)  Other  segment items included in  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  are  as  follows:  Fair  value  change  on  assets  at  fair  value  through profit  or  loss  -  -  (72)  (72)  Depreciation  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  2,718  -  -  2,718  Depreciation  of  right-of-use  assets  210  -  -  210  Provision  for  impairment  of  trade  receivables  418  -  -  418  Provision  for  impairment  of  contract  assets  12,137  -  -  12,137   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 5 REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND OTHER GAIN AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

Segment information (continued)

The segment revenue and results for the year ended 31 December 2021 are as follows:

| Foundation  and related  works  Unallocated  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue from external customers  88,812  -  88,812  Segment results  6,107  (4,145)  1,962  Finance costs  (826)  Profit  before  income  tax  1,136  Income tax expense (Note 10)  (550)  Profit  for  the  year  586  Other  segment items included in  the  consolidated  statement of  profit  or  loss  are  as  follows:  Fair  value  change  on  assets  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  -  (95)  (95)  Depreciation  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  3,891  -  3,891  Depreciation  of  right-of-use  assets  1,181  -  1,181  Reversal  of  provision  for  impairment  of  trade  receivables  (251)  -  (251)  Provision  for  impairment  of  contract  assets  2,993  -  2,993   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND OTHER GAIN AND SEGMENT

## 5 INFORMATION (continued)

Segment information (continued)

The following  is  an  analysis  of  the  Group's  assets  and  liabilities  by  reportable  segment:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Segment assets  Foundation and related works  91,143  93,801  Alcoholic  beverages  trading  4,998  -  Total  reportable  segment assets  96,141  93,801  Unallocated  corporate  assets  9,363  9,356  Consolidated assets  105,504  103,157   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: All  assets  are  allocated  to  operating  segments  other  than  certain  cash  and  bank  balances  and  payment  for  a  life  insurance  policy.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Segment liabilities  Foundation and related works  38,318  34,368  Alcoholic  beverages  trading  2,611  -  Total  reportable  segment liabilities  40,929  34,368  Unallocated  corporate  liabilities  2,968  2,540  Consolidated liabilities  43,897  36,908   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: All  liabilities  are  allocated  to  operating  segments  other  than  deferred  tax  liabilities  and  tax  payable.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 5 REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND OTHER GAIN AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

## Segment information (continued)

Information about the Group's revenue from external customers is presented based on the location of operations. Information about the Group's non-current assets is presented based on the geographical location of the assets.

| Revenue from external  customers  For the year ended  31 December  Non-current assets  As at 31 December  2022  2021  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  The PRC  302  -  -  -  Hong Kong  86,178  88,812  16,378  13,856  86,480  88,812  16,378  13,856   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:  Non-current  assets  excluded  payment  for  a  life  insurance  policy.

## Information about major customers

Revenue  from  customers  of  the  corresponding  years  contributing  over  10%  of  the  total  revenue  of  the  Group are  as  follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Customer A  21,043  N/A 1  Customer B  17,154  N/A 1  Customer C  10,026  13,476  Customer D  N/A 1  12,656  Customer E  N/A 1  15,643  Customer F  N/A 1  15,438  Customer G  N/A 1  32,915   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 The corresponding revenue did not contribute over 10% of the total revenue of the Group during the corresponding years.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 6 EXPENSES BY NATURE

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cost of  sales  and  service  Staff  costs (Note  7)  15,802  13,413  Depreciation  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  2,687  3,877  Depreciation  of  right-of-use  assets  -  888  Leasing expenses  1,103  864  Cost of  alcoholic  beverages  expensed  94  -  Other  construction  contract  costs (Note)  50,530  58,857  70,216  77,899  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Administrative  and  other  operating  expenses  Auditors'  remuneration  680  680  Depreciation  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  31  14  Depreciation  of  right-of-use  assets  210  293  Leasing expenses  85  9  Staff  costs (Note  7)  4,345  4,470  Other  expenses  6,331  5,252  11,682  10,718   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Other  construction  contract  costs  included  but  are  not  limited  to  construction  materials,  subcontracting  charges  and  repair  and maintenance.

## 7 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES, INCLUDING DIRECTORS' EMOLUMENTS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Salaries,  allowances  and  other  benefits  19,088  16,893  Retirement scheme contributions  -  defined  contribution  plan  1,059  990  20,147  17,883   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group operates a defined contribution scheme in Hong Kong which complies with the requirements under the  Mandatory  Provident  Fund  (' MPF ')  Schemes  Ordinance.  All  assets  under  the  scheme  are  held  separately from  the  Group  under  independently  administered  funds.  Contributions  to  the  MPF  scheme  follow  the  MPF Schemes Ordinance.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 8 BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS

## (a) Directors' and chief executive's emoluments

The  remuneration  of  each  director  and  the  chief  executive  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  and 2021 are set out below:

| Fee  Salaries,  allowances  and benefits  in  kind  Discretionary  bonuses  Retirement  scheme  contributions  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Year ended 31 December 2022  Executive  directors  Mr.  Lau (Chief  Executive  Officer)  (Note  b)  840  874  -  18  1,732  Mr. Leung Yat Fai Frankie Keith (Chairman) (Note a)  65  -  -  -  65  Ms. Fong Pui Yin (Note e)  52  -  -  -  52  Ms. Du Wanfen (Note h)  -  -  -  -  -  Mr.  Li  Aiming (Note  i)  -  -  -  -  -  Independent non-executive directors  Mr.  Ng  Ki  Man  144  -  -  -  144  Mr.  Iu  Tak  Meng  Teddy (Note  g)  17  -  -  -  17  Mr.  Ngok  Ho  Wai (Note  f)  72  -  -  -  72  Mr.  Lam  Chee-yau Timothy (Note c)  96  -  -  -  96  1,286  874  -  18  2,178  Year  ended  31  December 2021  Executive  directors  Mr.  Lau  (Chief  Executive  Officer)  (Note  b)  840  408  -  18  1,266  Mr.  Leung Yat Fai Frankie Keith (Chairman) (Note a)  130  -  -  -  130  Ms. Fong Pui Yin (Note e)  52  -  -  -  52  Independent non-executive directors  Mr.  Ng  Ki  Man  144  -  -  -  144  Mr.  Iu  Tak  Meng  Teddy (Note  g)  144  -  -  -  144  Mr.  Chong Kam Fung (Note d)  96  -  -  -  96  Mr.  Lam  Chee-yau Timothy (Note c)  56  -  -  -  56  1,462  408  -  18  1,888   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

- (a) Mr.  Leung  Yat  Fai  Frankie  Keith  has  been  appointed  as  an  executive  Director  and  vice  chairman  of  the  Board  with  effect  from 8  February  2021  and  has  been  re-designated  as  the  Chairman  with  effect  from  10  May  2021.
- (b) Mr. Lau has relinquished his role as the Chairman but will remain to serve as the Chief Executive Officer and executive Director with  effect  from  10  May  2021.
- (c) Mr.  Lam  Chee-yau Timothy has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director with effect from 10 May 2021.
- (d) Mr.  Chong Kam Fung has resigned as an independent non-executive Director with effect from 31 August 2021.
- (e) Ms. Fong Pui Yin Vivian has been appointed as an executive Director with effect from 31 August 2021.
- (f) Mr.  Ngok  Ho  Wai  has  been  appointed  as  independent  non-executive  Director  with  effect  from  19  January  2022.
- (g) Mr.  Iu  Tak  Meng  Teddy  has  resigned  as  an  independent  non-executive  Director  with  effect  from  12  February  2022.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 8 BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (continued)

## (a) Directors' and chief executive's emoluments (continued)

Notes:  (continued)

- (h) Ms. Du Wanfen has been appointed as an executive Director with effect from 29 April 2022.
- (i) Mr.  Li  Aiming  has  been  appointed  as  an  executive  Director  with  effect  from  29  April  2022.

During the year ended 31 December 2022, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office (2021: Nil). During the year  ended  31  December  2022,  five  directors  of  the  Group  waived  emoluments  in  an  aggregate  amount of  approximately  HK$374,000  (2021:  Nil).

## (b) Five  highest  paid  individuals

Of  the  five  individuals  with  the  highest  emoluments,  one  (2021:  one)  of  them  is  a  director  for  the  year ended  31  December  2022  whose  emoluments  are  disclosed  above.  The  emoluments  in  respect  of  the remaining  four  (2021:  four)  individuals  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  are  as  follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Salaries  and  allowances  2,011  2,461  Discretionary  bonuses  -  92  Retirement scheme contributions  49  68  2,060  2,621   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The emoluments fell within  the  following  bands:

| Number of individuals  2022  2021  Emolument band (in HK$)  Nil-HK$1,000,000  4  4   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year ended 31 December 2022, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the above highest paid  individuals  as  (i)  an  inducement  to  join  or  upon  joining  the  Group  or  (ii)  as  compensation  for  loss  of office  as  a  director  or  management  of  any  members  of  the  Group  (2021:  Nil).

## 9 FINANCE COSTS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Interest  on  lease  liabilities  10  361  Interest  on  bank  and  other  borrowings  553  465  563  826   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 10  INCOME TAX (CREDIT)/EXPENSE

Under  the  two-tiered  profits  tax  rates  regime  of  Hong  Kong  Profits  Tax,  the  first  HK$2  million  of  profits  of  the qualifying group entity will be taxed at 8.25%, and profits above HK$2 million will be taxed at 16.5%. The profits of group entities not qualifying for the two-tiered profits tax rates regime will continue to be taxed at a flat rate of 16.5%. Accordingly, the Hong Kong Profits Tax of the qualifying group entity is calculated at 8.25% on the first HK$2 million of the estimated assessable profits and at 16.5% on the estimated assessable profits above HK$2 million.  No  provision  for  Hong  Kong  Profits  Tax  has  been  made  as  the  Group  did  not  generate  any  assessable profits  during  the  year  ended  31  December  2022.

Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the ' EIT Law ')  and Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law, the tax  rate  of  the  PRC  subsidiaries  is  25%  for  the  year.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Hong Kong Profits Tax:  -  Current  income  tax  -  475  -  PRC Enterprise  Income  Tax  13  -  Deferred  tax  (credit)/expense (Note  25)  (575)  75  Income tax (credit)/expense  (562)  550   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The taxation  on  the  Group's  (loss)/profit  before  income  tax  differs  from  the  theoretical  amount  that  would  arise using  the  Hong  Kong  Profits  Tax  rate  as  follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Loss)/profit  before  income  tax  (7,040)  1,136  Calculated  at  a  tax  rate  of  16.5%  (1,162)  187  Effect  of  different  tax  rates  of  subsidiaries  operating  in  the  PRC  8  -  Income not subject to tax  (180)  (445)  Expenses not deductible for tax purposes  -  376  Utilisation  of  deductible  temporary  differences  previously  not  recognised  (193)  -  Tax loss  not  recognised  975  607  Income tax at concessionary rate  -  (175)  Others  (10)  -  Income tax (credit)/expense  (562)  550   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 11  (LOSS)/EARNINGS PER SHARE

| 2022  2021  (Loss)/profit  attributable  to  owners  of  the  Company  (HK$'000)  (6,518)  586  (Restated)  Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of  calculating  basic  (loss)/earnings  per  share  (in  thousand)  111,959  101,589  Basic  (loss)/earnings  per  share  (HK  cent)  (5.82)  0.6   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Diluted earnings per share is equal to the basic (loss)/earnings per share as there was no dilutive potential shares.

The  weighted  average  number  of  ordinary  shares  for  the  purpose  of  basic  (loss)/earnings  per  share  has  been adjusted  for  the  share  consolidation  on  11  July  2022.

## 12  SUBSIDIARIES

The following  is  a  list  of  the  principal  subsidiaries  at  31  December  2022  and  2021:

| Name  Place of  incorporation and  kind of legal entity  Principal  activities  and  place of operation  Particulars of  issued share capital  Percentage of interest held  2022  2021  Wide View Enterprises Limited  BVI,  limited  liability  company  Investment holding  Ordinary  share  United  States  dollars  ('  US$  ')  100  100%  (direct)  100%  (direct)  Workbase Engineering Limited  Hong Kong, limited liability  company  Provision  of  foundation  and  related  works  Ordinary  share  HK$1,000  100%  (indirect)  100%  (indirect)  Master Glow Limited  BVI,  limited  liability  company  Investment holding  Ordinary  share  US$1  100%  (direct)  100%  (direct)  Master Glow Hong Kong Limited  Hong Kong, limited liability  company  Investment holding  Ordinary  share  HK$10,000  100%  (indirect)  100%  (indirect)  Master Grant Investment Limited  BVI,  limited  liability  company  Investment holding  Ordinary  share  US$1  100%  (direct)  100%  (direct)  Master Grant Investment Hong Kong  Limited  Hong Kong, limited liability  company  Investment holding  Ordinary  share  HK$10,000  100%  (indirect)  100%  (indirect)  三嘀供應鏈管理（成都）有限公司  PRC, limited  liability  company  Investment holding  Registered  capital  RMB10,000,000  100%  (indirect)  -  九德玖品（成都）酒業有限公司  PRC, limited  liability  company  Alcoholic  beverages  trading  in  the  PRC  Registered  capital  RMB12,280,000  51%  (indirect)  -  尊經坊（成都）企業管理有限公司  PRC, limited  liability  company  Inactive  Registered  capital  RMB10,000,000  26%  (indirect)  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 13  DIVIDENDS

No final  dividend  was  proposed  by  the  Board  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  (2021:  Nil).

## 14  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| Machinery  and  equipment  Leasehold  improvements  Furniture,  fixtures  and office  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cost  At  1  January  2021  18,808  405  774  2,432  22,419  Additions  -  -  -  55  55  Disposals  (9,235)  -  -  -  (9,235)  Transfer  from  right-of-use  assets  16,287  -  -  2,282  18,569  At  31  December  2021  25,860  405  774  4,769  31,808  Accumulated depreciation  At  1  January  2021  11,762  405  750  2,020  14,937  Charge for the  year (Note  6)  3,194  -  14  683  3,891  Disposals  (6,964)  -  -  -  (6,964)  Transfer  from  right-of-use  assets  4,941  -  -  1,494  6,435  At  31  December  2021  12,933  405  764  4,197  18,299  Net book value  At  31  December  2021  12,927  -  10  572  13,509  Cost  At  1  January  2022  25,860  405  774  4,769  31,808  Additions  2,850  -  -  681  3,531  At  31  December  2022  28,710  405  774  5,450  35,339  Accumulated depreciation  At  1  January  2022  12,933  405  764  4,197  18,299  Charge for the  year (Note  6)  2,168  -  3  547  2,718  At  31  December  2022  15,101  405  767  4,744  21,017  Net book value  At  31  December  2022  13,609  -  7  706  14,322   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 14  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)

## Sale and leaseback transactions  - seller-lessee

To better manage the Group's capital structure and financing needs, the Group sometimes enters into sale and leaseback  arrangements  in  relation  to  machinery  leases.  These  legal  transfer  does  not  satisfy  the  requirements of  HKFRS 15 to be accounted for as a sale of  the  machinery.  During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the Group has raised approximately HK$5,460,000 (2021: approximately HK$949,000) borrowings in respect of such sale  and  leaseback  arrangements.

## Impairment assessment

The directors of the Group concluded there was indication for impairment and conducted impairment assessment on  certain  property,  plant  and  equipment  and  right-of-use  assets  with  carrying  amounts  of  approximately HK$13,609,000 and HK$2,056,000 respectively. The Group estimates the recoverable amounts of those certain property,  plant  and  equipment  and  right-of-use  assets  based  on  higher  of  fair  value  less  costs  of  disposal  and value in use. The carrying amount of the certain property, plant and equipment does not exceed the recoverable amount and no impairment has been recognised.

## 15  LEASES

## (a) Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position

The consolidated statement of financial  position  shows  the  following  amounts  relating  to  leases:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Right-of-use assets  Premises  2,056  347  Lease liabilities  Current  1,092  214  Non-current  963  136  2,055  350  Lease liabilities  payable  Within  1  year  1,092  214  Between 1 and 2 years  963  136  2,055  350   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Additions to the right-of-use assets during the 2022 financial year were approximately HK$1,918,000 (2021: approximately  HK$318,000).

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 15  LEASES (continued)

## (a)

## Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position

## (continued)

Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that  are  held  by  the  lessor.  Leased  assets  may  not  be  used  as  security  for  borrowing  purposes.

## (b) Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income

The consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income shows the following amounts relating  to  leases:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets  Machinery and equipment  -  586  Premises  210  595  210  1,181  Interest  expense  (included  in  finance  costs)  10  361  Expense relating  to  short-term  leases  (included  in  cost  of  sales  and administrative  and  other  operating  expenses)  1,188  873   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  total  cash  outflow  for  leases  in  2022  was  approximately  HK$1,411,000  (2021:  approximately HK$6,387,000).

## 16  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financial assets  Amortised cost  12,280  13,551  Mandatorily  measured at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  2,817  2,745  Financial liabilities  Amortised cost  42,600  35,061   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 17  PAYMENT FOR A LIFE INSURANCE POLICY

In 2018, the Group entered into a life insurance policy with an insurance company to insure an executive director of the Company. Under the life insurance policy (the ' Policy '), the beneficiary and policy holder is the Group and the total insured sum is approximately US$1,000,000 (approximately HK$7,800,000). The Group paid an upfront premium for the Policy of approximately US$391,000 (approximately HK$3,061,000) and may surrender any time and  receive  cash  based  on  the  cash  value  of  the  Policy  at  the  date  of  withdrawal,  which  is  calculated  by  the insurer.  In  the  opinion  of  the  directors  of  the  Company,  the  cash  value  of  the  Policy  provided  by  the  insurance company is the best approximation of its fair value, which is categorised within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.

The payment for a life insurance policy was pledged to secure the bank borrowings of the Group is summarised in  Note  24.

## 18  TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade receivables  7,287  8,597  Less:  Provision  for  impairment  losses  (1,238)  (820)  6,049  7,777  Other  receivables,  deposits  and  prepayments  11,145  9,865  17,194  17,642   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (a) The Group does not have a standardised and universal credit period granted to its customers, and the credit period of individual customer is  considered on a case-by-case basis and stipulated in the project contract, as appropriate. Trade receivables are mainly denominated in  HK$.
- (b) The ageing analysis  of  the  trade  receivables  based  on  date  of  payment  certificates  issued  by  customers  or  invoice  date  is  as  follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  0-30 days  1,842  3,505  31-60 days  1,076  723  61-90 days  -  -  Over 90 days  4,369  4,369  7,287  8,597   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 31 December 2022, trade receivables of approximately HK$4,369,000 (2021: approximately HK$4,369,000) were past due. Based on past experience and forward-looking estimates, the amounts are considered as recoverable.

(c) The other classes within trade and other receivables do not contain impaired assets. The Group does not hold any collateral as security.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 19  CONTRACT ASSETS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Contract  assets  75,421  68,074  Less:  Provision  for  impairment  losses  (15,649)  (3,512)  59,772  64,562   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  contract  assets  primarily  relate  to  the  Group's  right  to  consideration  for  work  completed  and  not  billed because  the  rights  are  conditioned  on  factors  other  than  passage  of  time.  The  contract  assets  are  transferred to  trade  receivables  when  the  rights  become  unconditional.

Contracts  assets  have  decreased  as  the  Group  has  provided  less  construction  services  ahead  of  the  right  to payment.

Included in contract assets comprises retention receivables of approximately HK$15,009,000 (2021: approximately HK$16,080,000) as at 31 December 2022, after recognition of impairment loss of approximately HK$3,451,000 (2021: approximately HK$80,000), the carrying amount of retention receivables was approximately HK$11,558,000 (2021:  approximately  HK$16,000,000).

Retention receivables represented the monies withheld by customers of contract works fully recoverable within 1 to  2  years  from  the  date  of  completion  of  construction  contracts,  in  accordance with the terms specified in the relevant contracts. Generally, upon satisfactory completion of contract work as set out in the contract, partial of the  retention  money  of  such  contract  work  will  be  released  to  the  Group,  while  the  remaining  will  be  released to  the  Group  upon  the  expiration  of  the  defects  liability  period.

The  retention  receivables,  before  recognition  of  impairment  loss,  would  be  settled,  based  on  the  expiry  of  the defect  liability  period,  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  as  follow:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Within  one  year  7,361  5,692  After  one  year  7,648  10,388  15,009  16,080   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

## 20  CASH AND BANK BALANCES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cash at banks  4,137  4,342  Cash on hand  10  10  4,147  4,352   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (a) The  carrying  amount  of  cash  and  bank  balances  were  denominated  in  HK$  and  Renminbi  ("RMB").  Cash  and  bank  balances  of  the Group include an amount of approximately HK$3,000 (2021: Nil) was denominated in RMB and kept in Mainland China. The conversion of  these  RMB  denominated  balances  into  foreign  currencies  and  the  remittance  of  these  funds  out  of  the  PRC  is  subject  to  the  rules and regulations  of  foreign  exchange  control  promulgated  by  the  PRC  government.
- (b) Cash at banks earns interest at  floating  rates  based  on  daily  bank  deposit  rates.

## 21  INVENTORIES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Finished  goods  4,112  -  4,112  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 22  SHARE CAPITAL

| Notes  Ordinary  shares of  HK$0.01 each  Ordinary shares  of  HK$0.1 each  Amount  HK$'000  Authorised:  At  1  January  2021,  31  December  2021  and  1  January  2022  3,000,000,000  -  30,000  Share consolidation  (ii)  (3,000,000,000)  300,000,000  -  At  31  December 2022  -  300,000,000  30,000  Issued and fully paid:  At  1  January  2021  1,000,000,000  -  10,000,000  Issue  of  ordinary  shares  (i)  100,000,000  -  1,000,000  At  31  December  2021  and  1  January  2022  1,100,000,000  -  11,000,000  Share consolidation  (ii)  (1,100,000,000)  110,000,000  -  Issue  of  ordinary  shares  (iii)  -  5,000,000  500,000  At  31  December 2022  -  115,000,000  11,500,000   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (i) On 4 November 2021, the Company allotted and issued 100,000,000 ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each in the capital of the  Company by  way  of  placing  at  a  placing  price  of  HK$0.043  per  share.  The  Company  raised  approximately  HK$4,168,000  (net  of  expenses).
- (ii) On 11 July  2022,  the  Company  consolidated  every  ten  issued  and  unissued  shares  of  par  value  HK$0.01  each  in  the  share  capital  of the  Company into one consolidated share of par value HK$0.10 each in the share capital of the Company.
- (iii) On  11  August  2022,  the  Company  allotted  and  issued  5,000,000  ordinary  shares  of  HK$0.1  each  in  the  capital  of  the  Company  at  a subscription  price  of  HK$0.4  per  share.  The  Company  raised  approximately  HK$1,539,000  (net  of  expenses).

## 23  SHARE OPTION SCHEME

The Company's share option scheme (the ' Scheme ')  was  adopted pursuant to a resolution passed on 7 June 2017 as to attract and retain the best available personnel, to provide additional incentive to the eligible participants and to promote the success of the business of the Group under the Scheme.

Under the Scheme, the directors of  the  Company  may  at  their  absolute  discretion  and  subject  to  the  terms  of the  Scheme, grant options to any employee (full-time or part-time), director, substantial shareholder, consultant or  adviser,  distributor,  contractor,  supplier,  agent,  customer,  business  partner  or  service  provider  of  the  Group, to  subscribe  for  shares  of  the  Company.  The  eligibility  of  any  participant  to  the  grant  of  any  option  shall  be determined by the Board of Directors from time to time on the basis of his contribution or potential contribution to  the  development  and  growth  of  the  Group.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 23  SHARE OPTION SCHEME (continued)

The aggregate number of the Company's shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company must not  exceed  30%  of  the  Company's  shares  in  issue  from  time  to  time.  No  options  may  be  granted  under  the Scheme or any other share option schemes of the Company if this will result in such 30% limit being exceeded. The maximum number of shares issuable upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Scheme and any other  share  option  schemes  of  the  Company  as  from  the  adoption  date  must  not  in  aggregate  exceed  10%  of all  the  shares  in  issue  as  at  the  listing  date.  The  10%  limit  may  be  refreshed  at  any  time  by  obtaining  approval of  the  Company's  shareholders  in  general  meeting  provided  that  the  total  number  of  the  Company's  shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company must not exceed 10% of the Company's shares in issue as at the date of approval of  the  refreshed  limit.

The  total  number  of  shares  issued  and  to  be  issued  upon  exercise  of  the  options  granted  to  any  participant (including  both  exercised  and  outstanding  options)  under  the  Scheme,  in  any  12-month  period  up  to  date  of grant  shall  not  exceed  1%  of  the  shares  of  the  Company  in  issue.  Any  further  grant  of  options  in  excess  of such limit  must  be  separately  approved  by  shareholders  of  the  Company  in  general  meeting  with  such  grantee and his  associates  abstaining  from  voting.

Share options granted to a director,  chief  executive  or  substantial  shareholder  of  the  Company,  or  any  of  their respective associates must be approved by the independent non-executive directors of the Company (excluding any  independent  non-executive  director  who  is  the  grantee  of  the  option).  Where  any  grant  of  options  to  a substantial  shareholder  or  an  independent  non-executive  director  of  the  Company,  or  any  of  their  respective associates will result in the total number of shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of all options already granted  and  to  be  granted  to  such  person  under  the  Scheme  and  any  other  share  option  schemes  of  the Company  (including  option  exercised,  cancelled  and  outstanding)  in  any  12-month  period  up  to  and  including the  date  of  such  grant  representing  in  aggregate  over  0.1%  of  the  shares  of  the  Company  in  issue  and  having an  aggregate  value  in  excess  of  HK$5  million  must  be  approved  by  the  Company's  shareholders  at  a  general meeting of  the  Company,  with  voting  to  be  taken  by  way  of  poll.

An offer for the grant of share options might be accepted in writing within 7 days inclusive of the day on which such  offer  was  made.  An  option  may  be  exercised  in  accordance  with  the  terms  of  the  Scheme  at  any  time during  a  period  as  the  Board  of  Directors  may  determine  which  shall  not  exceed  ten  years  from  the  date  of grant subject to the provisions of early termination thereof. The amount payable by the grantee of an option to the  Company on acceptance of the offer for the grant of an option is  HK$1.

The subscription price shall be a price solely determined by the Board of Directors and notified to a participant and shall be at least the highest of: (i) the closing price of the Company's shares as stated in the Stock Exchange's daily  quotations sheet on the date of grant of the option, which must be a business day; (ii) the average of the closing  prices  of  the  Company's  shares  as  stated  in  the  Stock  Exchange's  daily  quotations  sheets  for  the  5 business days immediately preceding the date of grant of the option; and (iii) the nominal value of the Company's share  on  the  date  of  grant  of  the  option.

The  Scheme  will  remain  in  force  for  a  period  of  ten  years  commencing  on  7  June  2017,  subject  to  early termination  provisions  contained  in  the  Scheme.

No  option  has  been  granted  by  the  Company  under  the  Scheme  since  its  adoption  and  there  was  no  share option  outstanding  as  at    31  December  2022  and  2021.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 24  BORROWINGS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current  Other  borrowing (Notes  c  and  d)  3,494  -  Current  Bank borrowings (Notes a, d and e)  8,842  7,456  Bank borrowings under supplier finance arrangements  (Notes  a,  b,  d  and  e)  1,157  2,542  Other  borrowing (Notes  c  and  d)  1,699  949  11,698  10,947  ## Total  borrowings  15,192  10,947   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(a) Bank borrowings

The bank borrowings are repayable as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Within  1  year  9,999  9,998   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------|

The carrying  amounts  of  the  bank  borrowings  are  denominated  in  HK$.

(b) Bank borrowings under supplier finance arrangements

The Group has entered into certain  supplier  finance  arrangements  with  banks.  Under  these  arrangements,  the  banks  pay  suppliers  the amounts  owed  by  the  Group  in  advance  of  the  original  due  dates  by  the  suppliers.  The  Group's  obligations  to  suppliers  are  legally extinguished on settlement by the relevant banks. The Group then settles with the banks between 90 days after settlement by the banks with interest ranges from 4.5% to 5.1%, which may be extended beyond the original due dates of respective invoices. The interest rates are  consistent  with  the  Group's  short-term  borrowing  rates.

Taking into consideration of the nature and substance of the above arrangements, the Group presents payables to the banks under these arrangements as 'borrowings' in the consolidated statement of financial position. In the consolidated statement of cash flows, repayments to  the  banks  are  included  within  financing  cash  flows  based  on  the  nature  of  the  arrangements,  and  payments  to  the  suppliers  by  the banks are disclosed as non-cash transactions.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 24  BORROWINGS (continued)

Notes:  (continued)

## (c) Other  borrowing

The other borrowing is repayable as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Within  1  year  1,699  949  In  the  second  year  1,841  -  In  the  third  to  fifth  years,  inclusive  1,653  -  5,193  949   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The other borrowing is secured by the Group's machinery and equipment with an aggregate net book value of approximately HK$9,328,000 (2021: approximately HK$653,000) as at 31 December 2021 and guaranteed by personal guarantee given by a director of the Company.

The carrying  amounts  of  all  other  borrowing  are  denominated  in  HK$.

- (d) The interest  rates  per  annum  of  borrowings  are  as  follows:
- (e) These facilities:
- (i) are  secured  by  a  payment  of  a  life  insurance  policy  (Note  17)  as  at  31  December  2022  and  2021;  and
- (ii) are  subject  to  the  fulfilment  of  certain  covenants  as  are  commonly  found  in  lending  arrangements  with  financial  institutions.  If the  Group  were  to  breach  the  covenants  the  drawn  down  facilities  would  become  payable  on  demand.  The  Company  regularly monitors  its  compliance  with  these  covenants.  As  at  31  December  2022  and  2021,  none  of  the  covenants  relating  to  drawn down facilities  had  been  breached.

| 2022  2021  Bank borrowings  5.1%-5.6%  4.5%-5%  Other  borrowing  8.1%  7.4%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 25  DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES

The components of deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated statements of financial position and the movements during the year are as follows:

| Tax  depreciation  allowances  ECL  provision  Tax loss  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At  1  January  2021  2,463  (265)  (901)  1,297  (Credited)/charged  to  profit  or  loss (Note  10)  (373)  (453)  901  75  At  31  December  2021  and  1  January  2022  2,090  (718)  -  1,372  (Credited)/charged  to  profit  or  loss (Note  10)  (50)  404  (929)  (575)  At  31  December 2022  2,040  (314)  (929)  797   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At the end of the reporting period, the Group has estimated unused tax losses of approximately HK$5.6 million (2021:  Nil)  available  for  offset  against  future  profits.  A  deferred  tax  assets  has  been  recognised  in  respect  of approximately  HK$0.9 million  of  such  loss  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  (2021:  Nil).

As  at  31  December  2022,  no  deferred  tax  asset  has  been  recognised  in  respect  of  unused  tax  losses  of approximately  HK$20.7  million  (2021:  approximately  HK$15.6  million)  due  to  the  unpredictability  of  future  profit streams.  The  tax  losses  may  be  carried  forward  indefinitely.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 26  TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade payables  10,052  11,578  Accrued employee benefit expenses  1,938  1,805  Other  accruals  and  payables  6,191  2,893  Retention  payables  5,454  7,488  23,635  23,764   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

(a) The ageing analysis  of  trade  payables  based  on  the  invoice  date  is  as  follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  0-30 days  3,455  2,347  31-60 days  759  3,895  61-90 days  674  707  Over 90 days  5,164  4,629  10,052  11,578   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All  of  the  retention  payables  are  expected  to  be  settled  within  one  year.

## 27  CONTRACT LIABILITIES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Foundation and related works  500  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------|

When the  Group  receives  advances  from  customers  before  the  construction  activity  commences,  this  will  give rise  to  contract  liabilities,  until  the  revenue  recognised  on  the  relevant  contract  exceeds  the  amount  of  the advances from customers.

## 28  AMOUNT DUE TO NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

The amount due is unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 29  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

## (a) Reconciliation  of  (loss)/profit  before  income  tax  to  net  cash  from  operating activities

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Loss)/profit  before  income  tax  (7,040)  1,136  Adjustments for:  Depreciation  2,928  5,072  Gain  on  disposal  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  -  (2,511)  Gain  on  early  termination  of  lease  -  (14)  Gain  on  bargain  purchase  (281)  -  Net  impairment  loss  on  trade  and  other  receivables  and  contract  assets  12,555  2,742  Fair  value  change  on  financial  assets  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  (72)  (95)  Interest  expense  563  826  Operating profit  before  working  capital  changes  8,653  7,156  Decrease in trade and other receivables  2,126  3,078  Increase  in  inventories  (3,730)  -  Increase  in  contract  assets  (7,347)  (4,282)  Increase  in  trade  and  other  payables  6,488  1,065  Increase  in  contract  liabilities  500  -  Increase  in  amount  due  to  non-controlling  interests  1,687  -  Cash generated from operations  8,377  7,017  Hong Kong Profits Tax paid  (1,573)  -  Net  cash  generated  from  operating  activities  6,804  7,017   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

## 29  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (continued)

## (b) Reconciliation of liabilities  arising  from  financing  activities

| Bank  borrowings  Other  borrowing  Lease  liabilities  Total  liabilities  from financing  activities  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  As at  1  January  2021  11,933  1,910  5,953  19,796  Cash flows  (10,043)  (961)  (5,153)  (16,157)  Non-cash changes  -  settlement  of  trade  payables  8,108  -  -  8,108  -  addition  to  right-of-use  assets  -  -  318  318  -  early  termination  of  lease  -  -  (768)  (768)  As at  31  December 2021  9,998  949  350  11,297  As at  1  January  2022  9,998  949  350  11,297  Cash flows  (8,560)  4,244  (213)  (4,529)  Non-cash changes  -  settlement  of  trade  payables  8,561  -  -  8,561  -  addition  to  right-of-use  assets  -  -  1,918  1,918  As at 31 December 2022  9,999  5,193  2,055  17,247   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 30  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Apart  from  disclosures  elsewhere  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  Group  entered  into  the  following transactions  with  related  parties.

## Key management personnel compensation

The  emoluments  of  the  directors  (executive  and  non-executive)  of  the  Group  during  the  year  are  disclosed  in Note 8.

## 31  CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

The  Group,  in  the  ordinary  course  of  its  business,  is  involved  in  various  claims,  suits,  investigations,  and  legal proceedings  that  arise  from  time  to  time.  Although  the  Group  does  not  expect  that  the  outcome  in  any  of these legal proceedings, individually or collectively, will have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations, litigation is inherently unpredictable. Therefore, the Group could incur judgements or enter into  settlements  of  claims  that  could  adversely  affect  its  operating  results  or  cash  flows  in  a  particular  period.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 32  BUSINESS COMBINATION - ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES

On  27  October  2022,  the  Group  acquired  51%  equity  interests  in 九德玖品（成都）酒業有限公司 and  its subsidiary  (collectively  referred  to  as  the  'Jiude  Group')  with  no  consideration.

Jiude  Group  is  principally  engaged  in  the  business  of  trading  and  distribution  of  alcoholic  beverages.

## Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition

| HK$'000  Trade and other receivables  2,060  Cash and bank balances  75  Inventories  307  Trade and other payables  (1,891)  Total  identifiable  assets  acquired  551   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Non-controlling interests

The  non-controlling  interests  in  Jiude  Group  recognised  at  the  acquisition  date  was  measured  by  reference  to the  proportionate  share  of  recognised  amounts  of  net  assets  of  Jiude  Group  and  amounted  to  approximately HK$270,000.

## Gain on bargain purchase on acquisition of Jiude Group

| HK$'000  Net  assets  acquired  551  Less:  non-controlling  interests  (270)  Less:  consideration  transferred  -  281   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Bargain purchase gain amounting to approximately HK$281,000 on acquisition of Jiude Group is recognised in profit  or  loss  within  the  'other  income  and  other  gain'  line  item  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss and other comprehensive income.

The directors  of  the  Company  are  of  opinion  that  the  acquisition  was  made  as  part  of  the  Group's  strategy  to accelerate  the  growth  of  the  Group's  revenue  and  profit.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 32  BUSINESS COMBINATION - ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (continued) Net cash inflow from acquisition of Jiude Group

| HK$'000  Cash consideration paid  -  Less:  cash  and  cash  equivalents  balances  acquired  (75)  (75)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group

Included in the loss for the year is approximately HK$95,000 profit attributable to the additional business generated by Jiude Group. Revenue for the year includes approximately HK$302,000 generated by Jiude Group. Had the acquisition been completed on 1 January 2022, the Group's revenue for the year would have been approximately HK$87,081,000 and loss for the year would have been approximately HK$6,740,000.

The  pro  forma  information  is  for  illustrative  purposes  only  and  is  not  necessarily  an  indication  of  revenue  and results  of  operations  of  the  Group  that  actually  would  have  been  achieved  had  the  acquisition  been  completed on 1 January 2022, nor is it  intended  to  be  a  projection  of  future  results.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

For  the  year  ended 31 December 2022

## 33    STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY

## (a) Statement of financial position

| 2022  2021  Note  HK$'000  HK$'000  ASSETS  Non-current assets  Investments in  subsidiaries  27,100  27,100  Current assets  Prepayments  1,003  2,258  Amounts due from subsidiaries  25,041  26,499  Cash and bank balances  226  1,242  26,270  29,999  Total  assets  53,370  57,099  EQUITY  Capital and reserves  Share capital  11,500  11,000  Reserves  33(b)  41,409  45,402  Total  equity  52,909  56,402  LIABILITIES  Current liabilities  Accruals  461  697  Total  equity  and  liabilities  53,370  57,099  Net current assets  25,809  29,302  Total  assets  less  current  liabilities  52,909  56,402   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Company's  statement  of  financial  position  was  approved  and  authorised  for  issue  by  the  Board  of Directors  on  31  March  2023  and  are  signed  on  its  behalf  by:

Mr. Lau Chung Ho Director

Mr. Leung Yat Fai Frankie Keith Director

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

## 33    STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY (continued)

## (b) Reserve movement

| Share  premium  Special  reserve  Accumulated  losses  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Balance at 1 January 2021  44,049  30,601  (28,268)  46,382  Loss and total  comprehensive  expense for the year  -  -  (4,148)  (4,148)  Issue  of  ordinary  shares  3,168  -  -  3,168  Balance at 31 December 2021  47,217  30,601  (32,416)  45,402  Balance at 1 January 2022  47,217  30,601  (32,416)  45,402  Loss and total  comprehensive  expense for the year  -  -  (5,032)  (5,032)  Issue  of  ordinary  shares  1,039  -  -  1,039  Balance at 31 December 2022  48,256  30,601  (37,448)  41,409   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Special reserve

Special  reserve  represents  the  difference  between  the  total  equity  of  Wide  View  acquired  pursuant  to  the reorganisation  over  the  nominal  value  of  the  Company's  shares  issued  in  exchange  therefore.

## Financial  Summary

| For the year ended 31 December  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  86,480  88,812  109,067  102,790  127,608  Gross profit  16,264  10,913  7,298  3,616  13,731  (Loss)/profit  before  income  tax  (7,040)  1,136  (874)  (7,770)  (3,314)  (Loss)/profit  for  the  year  (6,478)  586  487  (7,857)  (4,054)  Total  assets  105,504  103,157  113,395  127,904  107,138  Total  liabilities  43,897  36,908  51,900  66,896  38,253  Net  assets  61,607  66,249  61,495  61,008  68,885  Capital  and  reserves  attributable  to  the  equity  holders  of  the  Company  Share Capital  11,500  11,000  10,000  10,000  10,000  Reserves  49,784  55,249  51,495  51,008  58,885  Non-controlling  interests  323  -  -  -  -  Total  equity  61,607  66,249  61,495  61,008  68,885   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|