## BENG SOON MACHINERY HOLDINGS LIMITED

(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability) Stock Code: 1987

## 2022 ANNUAL REPORT

## CONTENTS

| Corporate Information  2  Chairman's Statement  4  Biographies of Directors and Senior Management  6  Management Discussion and Analysis  11  Directors' Report  17  Corporate Governance Report  31  Independent Auditor's Report  49  Consolidated Statement of Profit or loss and  Other Comprehensive Income  55  Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  56  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  58  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  59  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  60  Financial Summary  115   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Executive Directors

Mr. Tan Chee Beng (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer) Ms. Tang Ling Ling Mr. Tan Wei Leong Mr. Cheung Kam Fai Mr. Ngan Kim Fung

## Independent Non-Executive Directors

Mr. Wee Chorng Kien Mr. Leung Yau Wan John Mr. Leung Kee Wai

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

Mr. Leung Yau Wan John (Chairman) Mr. Wee Chorng Kien Mr. Leung Kee Wai

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

Mr. Tan Chee Beng (Chairman) Mr. Wee Chorng Kien Mr. Leung Kee Wai

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

(Chairman)

Mr. Leung Yau Wan John Mr. Tan Chee Beng Ms. Tang Ling Ling Mr. Wee Chorng Kien Mr. Leung Kee Wai

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr. Wong Chi Wai

2

## AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES

Mr. Tan Chee Beng Mr. Wong Chi Wai

## AUDITOR

McMillan Woods (Hong Kong) CPA Limited Certified public accountants Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor 24/F., Siu On Centre 188 Lockhart Road, Wanchai Hong Kong

## LEGAL ADVISOR

Seyfarth Shaw Suite 3701, Edinburgh Tower The Landmark 15 Queen's Road Central Central, Hong Kong

## REGISTERED OFFICE

Windward 3, Regatta Office Park PO Box 1350, Grand Cayman KY1-1108 Cayman Islands

## HEADQUARTER AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN SINGAPORE

21 Tuas South Street 7 Singapore 637111

## PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG

12/F., Ruttonjee House Ruttonjee Centre 11 Duddell Street Central Hong Kong

<!-- image -->

## COMPANY'S WEBSITE

http://www.bsm.com.sg/

## PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR

Ocorian Trust (Cayman) Limited Windward 3, Regatta Office Park PO Box 1350, Grand Cayman KY1-1108 Cayman Islands

## HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR

Tricor Investor Services Limited 17/F, Far East Finance Centre 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong

## PRINCIPAL BANKERS

DBS Bank Ltd 12 Marina Boulevard #43 MBFC Tower 3 Singapore 018982

United Overseas Bank Limited 325 Boon Lay Place #02-00 Singapore 649886

## STOCK CODE

1987

## LISTING DATE

8 November 2019

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of the board (the ' Board ') of Directors (the ' Directors ') of Beng Soon Machinery Holdings Limited (the ' Company ') and its subsidiaries (the ' Group '), I am pleased to present the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 (' FY2022 ').

## BUSINESS REVIEW

The Group is an established and leading services provider in Singapore with operational history of over 29 years in taking up demolition projects in both the public and private sectors, including demolition of industrial buildings, power stations, chemical plants, high rise commercial, educational institutions and residential properties, bridges and marine structures, public roads and infrastructure.

During FY2022, the Group has recovered further from the COVID-19 pandemic. The Group's total revenue increased by S$6.0 million or 22.5% from the year ended 31 December 2021 (' FY2021 ') to S$32.7 million. This was due to higher contract revenue and the need for salvage materials disposal. The Group has recorded a gross profit margin of 29.0% in FY2022 compared to 26.4% in FY2021, largely due to the disposal of high economic value salvage materials.

During FY2022, the Group secured 12 demolition projects for different types of buildings, including residential blocks and factory buildings in Singapore and completed 12 demolition projects (including on-going projects from FY2021). The Group's outstanding projects secured in FY2022 are progressing on schedule with an expected total revenue of approximately S$10.6 million. A more detailed elaboration on the Group financial performance is set out in the Management Discussion and Analysis section of this report.

## LOOKING AHEAD

According to the Singapore's Ministry of Trade and Industry's, the Singapore's economy improved by 3.6% in 2022 and estimated that the GDP growth forecast for 2023 is 0.5 to 2.5%. The construction sector grew by 10.0% year-on-year, as both public and private sector construction output increased.

The Building and Construction Authority (' BCA ') projects the total construction demand in 2023 to range between S$27 billion and S$32 billion. The public sector is expected to contribute about 60% of the demand, supported by a strong pipeline of public housing projects. Private sector construction demand is projected to be between S$11 billion and S$13 billion. Residential and industrial building construction demand is expected to be similar to last year's level.

4

The demolition industry in Singapore is expected to thrive due to the economic stimulus policies introduced by the Singapore government and the potential growth of the construction industry. The Group hopes to leverage on the support from the construction of energy storage facilities and biopharmaceutical manufacturing plants to drive construction demand in the private sector. According to the BCA's recent regulation amendments, construction companies will no longer need to apply to the BCA for approval of resumption and/or commencement of works and deployment of personnel to construction worksites and supply work premises.

The Group intends to continue existing principal businesses and expand and diversify its business by investing in new business opportunities, which can enhance shareholders value as well as complement and leverage existing business lines.

## APPRECIATION

Lastly, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express my deepest gratitude to our shareholders, investors and business partners for their continuous trust and support, especially during the time of the COVID-19 outbreak for the year ended 31 December 2022. I would also like to express our sincere appreciation to my fellow Board member, management team and staff for their commitment, contribution and dedication and wish all of us good time and health in the coming year.

## Tan Chee Beng

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director

Singapore 31 March 2023

## BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Tan Chee Beng ('Mr. Tan') ,  aged 68, is the founder and chairman of (the Company, together with its subsidiaries, the ' Group '), chief executive officer, an executive director of the Company (the ' Director(s) '), chairman of the nomination committee of the Board and a member of the remuneration committee of the Board. Mr. Tan was appointed as a Director on 6 April 2018, and was re-designated an the executive Director on 25 June 2018. Mr. Tan is responsible for the overall management, business development and formulation of business strategy of the Group.

Mr. Tan has over 27 years of experience in the demolition industry. In 1979, Mr. Tan established a sole proprietorship in the trade name of Beng Soon Machinery Service Co, providing demolition services as a general contractor in Singapore. Mr. Tan founded Beng Soon Machinery Services (Singapore) Pte Ltd (' Beng Soon Machinery '), the principal operating subsidiary of the Group, in 1993 as a limited liability company. Mr. Tan has been the managing director of Beng Soon Machinery since its incorporation, and was mainly responsible for the overall management, operation, as well as the growth of, Beng Soon Machinery.

Mr. Tan was awarded The Public Service Medal (Pingat Bakti Masyarakat) and The Public Service Star (Bintang Bakti Masyarakat) in 2010 and 2017, respectively, which recognize individuals who have rendered commendable public service or achievement in Singapore.

Mr. Tan obtained a certificate of completion of the Building Construction Supervisors Safety Course conducted by the BCA in July 2008. Mr. Tan holds a certificate of completion of the Essential Knowledge in Construction Regulations &amp; Management for Licensed Builders Course conducted by the BCA in April 2009.

Mr. Tan is a controlling shareholder and the spouse of Ms. Lee Peck Kim (' Ms. Lee '), who is also a controlling shareholder, and father of Mr. Tan Wei Leong, who is an executive Director.

Ms. Tang Ling Ling (Alias: Chen Ling Ling) ('Ms. Tang') , aged 50, is the general manager of Beng Soon Machinery, an executive Director of the Company and a member of the remuneration committee of the Board. Ms. Tang was appointed as a Director on 6 April 2018, and was re-designated as an executive Director on 25 June 2018. Ms. Tang is responsible for the overall management and operation, and in particular human resources and tenders of the Group.

Ms. Tang has worked in the demolition industry for more than 20 years. Ms. Tang joined Beng Soon Machinery in April 2000 as an administration/personnel executive and has been Beng Soon Machinery's general manager since June 2009.

Ms. Tang obtained a diploma in management studies from the Singapore Institute of Management, Singapore in October 2002. Ms. Tang obtained a certificate of completion of the Asbestos Removal and Management Course co-conducted by the National Environment Agency and the Ministry of Manpower in July 2005, two certificates of completion issued by EQS Asia Pte. Ltd., Singapore, one in Workplace Risk Assessment Training in August 2006 and the other in Workplace Safety and Health Act Training in October 2006, a certificate of attendance of the bizSAFE Risk Management Course conducted by Team6 Safety Training and Consultancy(s) Pte. Ltd. in June 2010, certificates of completion of the Demolition Safety Course, bizSAFE Level 1 Workshop for company CEO/Top Management and the Project Management for Construction Professionals in Building &amp; Construction Industry conducted by the BCA in March 2009, March 2009 and October 2011, respectively, and a certificate of completion of the Building Construction Supervisors Safety Course conducted by Absolute Kinetics Consultancy Pte. Ltd. in October 2013.

## BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

<!-- image -->

Mr. Tan Wei Leong ('Mr. Alvin Tan') , aged 32, is Director of Beng Soon Machinery and an executive Director of the Company. Mr. Alvin Tan was appointed as a Director on 6 April 2018, and was re-designated as an executive Director on 25 June 2018. Mr. Alvin Tan is responsible for the overall management, administration and development of the recycling and logistics the Group.

Mr. Alvin Tan has worked in the demolition field for more than 9 years. Mr. Alvin Tan joined Beng Soon Machinery in April 2011 as a project coordinator. Mr. Alvin Tan was subsequently promoted to the position of project executive from June 2013 to July 2014 and recycling and logistics manager in July 2017. Mr. Alvin Tan was promoted to his current position as Director of Beng Soon Machinery in January 2020.

Mr. Alvin Tan obtained a diploma in civil and environmental engineering from Ngee Ann Polytechnic, Singapore in May 2011. Being sponsored by the Group to further his studies in engineering, Mr. Alvin Tan obtained a bachelor of engineering (mechanical) degree with honours from the Singapore campus of University of Newcastle, Australia in October 2017.

Mr. Alvin Tan completed the Building Construction Supervisor Safety Course conducted by NTUC LearningHub Pte. Ltd. in March 2011, and obtained a certificate of completion of the Registered Earthwork Supervisor Course conducted by the BCA in July 2017.

Mr. Alvin Tan is the son of Mr. Tan, who is the founder and chairman of the Group, chief executive officer, a controlling shareholder and an executive Director, and son of Ms. Lee, who is a controlling shareholder and spouse of Mr. Tan.

Mr. Cheung Kam Fai ( 張錦輝 ) ('Mr. Cheung') , aged 50, was appointed as a Director on 6 April 2018, and was re-designated as a non-executive Director on 25 June 2018. He was re-designated an Executive Director on 15 September 2021. Mr. Cheung is primarily responsible for overseeing and supervising the management of the Group independently.

Mr. Cheung was a managing director of Baron Group International Limited from January 2012 to September 2015 and was mainly responsible for the overall group's operation and development in China.

Mr. Ngan Kin Fung ( 顏建峰 ) (Mr. Ngan) ,  aged 47, was appointed as a Director on 15 March 2022. Mr. Ngan is primarily responsible for the asset management and business development of the Group.

He has been the executive director of Kirin Wealth Management Ltd. since July 2016. Before that, he worked at AMTD Financial Planning Ltd. from December 2004 to May 2014, with his last position being regional director and also worked at GET Mdream Wealth Management Ltd. from May 2014 to June 2016, with his last position being district director. Mr. Ngan obtained a degree of Bachelor of Science (Physics) from The Chinese University of Hong Kong in July 2000.

* For identification purpose only

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Wee Chorng Kien ('Mr. Wee') , aged 49, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director, a member of the audit committee of the Board, a member of the remuneration committee of the Board and a member of the nomination committee of the Board on 15 October 2019. Mr. Wee is primarily responsible for supervising the management of the Group independently.

Mr. Wee has over 20 years of investment experience and has held various positions in the investment and private equity industry. Mr. Wee has served as the chief executive officer of Celligenics Pte. Ltd., a company principally engaged in research and experimental development on biotechnology, life and medical science, since August 2016. Prior to his current positions, Mr. Wee founded Conrad &amp; Ottess Private Asset Management Limited, a company principally engaged in financial service activities, in late 1999 and served as its director and vice president prior to its dissolution in April 2014.

Mr. Wee obtained a bachelor of arts (economics and Southeast Asian studies) degree from National University of Singapore in July 1998. Mr. Wee has successively served as a vice-president and president currently of the Association of Small &amp; Medium Enterprises in Singapore since November 2003, a council member of the Singapore Business Federation and the chairman of the Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises Committee, and an executive committee member of the Singapore Children's Society since 2007 and Payments Committee Member of Monetary Authority of Singapore since 2021. Mr. Wee served as a member of the Corporate Governance Council of the Monetary Authority of Singapore from February 2017 to August 2018. Mr. Wee was appointed as a Justice of the Peace for Singapore in April 2018.

Mr. Leung Yau Wan John ( 梁⼜穩 ) ('Mr. John Leung') ,  aged 63, has been our independent non-executive Director. He is responsible for supervising and providing independent judgment to our Board. Since January 2014, Mr. Leung has served as an executive director of Easternflair Investment &amp; Development Group, where he is responsible for managing project developments and project finance. Additionally, Mr. Leung has been the managing director at JR Plus Capital Limited, since November 2015. Before joining our Group, Mr. Leung served as the chief financial officer of listed real estate and commercial property development companies. including China Aoyuan Group Limited (Stock Exchange stock code: 3883) and South China Land Limited (currently known as South China Assets Holdings Limited) (Stock Exchange stock code: 8155) between May 2010 and October 2013, respectively.

In addition, Mr. Leung served as the general manager of finance department (Eastern China) of K Wah Construction Materials (China) Limited and the group financial controller of SPG Land (Holdings) Limited (currently known as Greenland Hong Kong Holdings Limited (Stock Exchange stock code: 0337)) between June 2006 and May 2010, respectively. Previously, Mr. Leung was the chief executive officer of SMI Corporation Limited (currently known as SMI Holdings Group Limited (Stock Exchange stock code: 198) prior to the cancellation of its listing in December 2020), from November 2005 to February 2006; the financial controller and deputy general manager of Beijing Oriental Plaza Co., Ltd., a commercial property development company, from July 2003 to May 2005; and the deputy general manager of the finance department of GD Holdings, an investment holding company, as well as the director and chief financial officer of Guangdong Assets Management Ltd. from July 2000 to May 2003. From July 2002 to May 2003, Mr. Leung was also the director and chief financial officer of Guangdong Alliance Ltd.

## BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

Since November 2019, Mr. Leung has been an independent non-executive director of the Company. Since 25 June 2018, Mr. Leung has been an independent non-executive director of Redsun Properties Group Limited (Stock Exchange stock code: 1996). Since February 2020, Mr. Leung has been an independent non-executive director of E&amp;P Global Holdings Limited, formerly Siberian Mining Group Company Limited (Stock Exchange stock code: 1142). Mr. Leung obtained a Bachelor of Laws (Hons) with honours in July 2022 and Graduate Diploma in Laws with merit in September 2021 respectively from Oxford Brookes University, UK. He also received a master's degree in Business Administration from the University of East Asia Macau (currently known as the University of Macau) in October 1988. In November 1995. Mr. Leung was admitted as a Certified Practising Accountant of the Australian Society of Certified Practicing Accountants (currently known as CPA Australia), and registered as a Certified Public Accountant with The Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants in February 1996. Additionally, he is a fellow of the Association of Taxation and Management Accountants, a founding member of the Hong Kong Business Accountants Association and a founding and life member of The Hong Kong Independent Non-Executive Director Association.

Mr. Leung Kee Wai ( 梁基偉 ) ('Mr. Leung') , aged 58, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director, a member of the audit committee of the Board, a member of the remuneration committee of the Board and a member of the nomination committee of the Board on 15 October 2019.

Mr. Leung has over 30 years of accounting and corporate management experience and has held various positions in the accounting industry. Since October 2015, Mr. Leung has been primarily responsible for the company secretarial and compliance matters of Century Ginwa Retail Holdings Limited, a company listed on the Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 162), and was subsequently promoted to the position of chief financial officer and company secretary in March 2019. Prior to his current position, Mr. Leung was an accountant at PT International Development Corporation Limited (formerly known as ITC Corporation Limited), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 372), from August 1991 to March 1992. Mr. Leung was a finance manager at Sino Products Proposition Co., Ltd., a company principally engaged in property agency, from April 1992 to August 1994. Mr. Leung was successively a senior accountant and a deputy financial controller at Kung Sheung International Holdings Limited, a company principally engaged in the trading of leisure, beauty and fitness equipment, from February 1995 to January 2014, and was mainly responsible for overseeing the company's finance and accounting operations. Mr. Leung was a company secretary at Culturecom Holdings Limited, a company listed on the Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 343), from June 2014 to July 2015, and was mainly responsible for overseeing the company's corporate and regulatory compliance issues.

Mr. Leung obtained a diploma in accounting from the Hong Kong Shue Yan University (formerly the Hong Kong Shue Yan College) in July 1988. Mr. Leung obtained a master of business administration from the University of Bradford, United Kingdom in December 1989. Mr. Leung was certified as an associate of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants in October 1995. Mr. Leung was admitted as a fellow of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants in January 2001. Mr. Leung was elected a fellow of the Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute (formerly known as the Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries) in August 2001. Mr. Leung was admitted as a fellow of the Chartered Governance Institute (formerly known as the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators) in August 2001. Mr. Leung has been a holder of the Practitioner's Endorsement from the Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute since August 2014.

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Ms. Cheng Chiew Ngok ('Ms. Cheng') , aged 47, has been Beng Soon Machinery's accounts manager since June 2009 and is responsible for the overall management of the accounting and taxation functions of the Group.

Ms. Cheng has over 23 years of experience of accounting and corporate management experience. Prior to her joining of the Group, Ms. Cheng was an accounts officer at Eastern Wire Pte. Ltd., a company principally engaged in the design and manufacturing of customized welded steel mesh reinforcement and mesh cages, from March 1996 to April 2002, and was mainly responsible for the company's accounting functions. Ms. Cheng was a senior accounts officer at NatFerrous Pte. Ltd., a company principally engaged in the recycling of metal waste and scrap, from April 2002 to October 2007.

Ms. Cheng obtained a diploma in business studies from the London Chamber of Commerce and Industry Examinations Board on April 1998. Ms. Cheng obtained certificates of completion of the Information Technology Processes Examination and the Certified Accounting Technician Qualification awarded by the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants in May 2003 and June 2004, respectively. Ms. Cheng obtained a certificate of accomplishment for completing the Basic GST Course conducted by the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore in June 2004.

Mr. Willie Goh ('Mr. Goh') ,  aged 38, joined Beng Soon Machinery in October 2020 as equipment operation manager. He is responsible for the overall management of the Group's fleet of machinery and operation of the workshop. Mr. Goh obtained a diploma in chemical process from Singapore Polytechnic in May 2004.

Mr. Tan Chin Tien ('Mr. CT Tan') , aged 56, has been Beng Soon Machinery's project manager and projects coordinating officer since April 2013 and is responsible for overseeing, and to ensure the safe execution and timely execution of, the Group's projects.

Mr. CT Tan obtained a diploma in manufacturing engineering from Singapore Polytechnic in May 1992. Mr. CT Tan obtained a certificate of completion of the Industrial Technician (mechanical engineering) Program conducted by Singapore Technical Institute in August 1985. Mr. CT Tan obtained a certificate of completion of the Building Construction Supervisors Safety Course conducted by NTUC LearningHub Pte. Ltd. in April 2013, a certificate of completion of the Work-at-Height Course conducted by QMT Industrial &amp; Safety Pte Ltd in May 2013, a certificate of completion of the Work-at-Height Course for Assessors conducted by Absolute Kinetics Consultancy Pte Ltd in April 2014, and a certificate of completion of the Work-at-Height Course for Managers conducted by Eversafe Consultants Pte. Ltd. in January 2015. Mr. CT Tan obtained a certificate of competency in Earth Control Measures for Construction Site Personnel by the Institute of Engineers Singapore in September 2015.

## COMPANY SECRETARY

## Mr. Wong Chi Wai (Mr. Wong)

Mr. Wong obtained a Bachelor of Business Administration degree (Honours) in accountancy from City University. He has registered as a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants since January 2012 and as a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales since February 2021. He has registered as a Certified Public Accountant (Practising) in Hong Kong since January 2018 and an ICAEW Chartered Accountant since February 2021. He possesses years of experience in the fields of accounting, auditing and corporate secretary matters. Mr. Wong was appointed as company secretary of the Company on 23 April 2021.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## GENERAL OVERVIEW AND BUSINESS REVIEW

The Group is an established and leading demolition services provider in Singapore and has been running the demolition business in Singapore for more than 29 years in both the public and private sectors. The Group is principally engaged in the demolition of various types of buildings and structures, including power stations, chemical plants, high rise commercial and residential properties, bridges and marine structures in Singapore. To a lesser extent, the Group also leases and sells demolition machinery. The Shares have been successfully listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange since the Listing Date. The Listing not only benefited the Group with easier access to capital and fund raising, but also implicates recognition of the Group's leading position in the demolition services industry in Singapore, and has enhanced the Group's visibility and prestige.

During FY2022, the Group's total revenue increased by S$6.0 million or 22.5% from FY2021 to approximately S$32.7 million in FY2022. The increase was underpinned by higher contract revenue generated in tandem with the number of sizeable projects undertaken, which also drove the need for salvage materials disposal. The Group has recorded a gross profit margin of 29.0% in FY2022 from a gross profit margin of 26.4% in FY2021, largely due to the Group recording a higher revenue in FY2022, resulting from the disposal of high economic value salvage materials, which provided a relatively high gross profit margin.

Notwithstanding the extraordinary operating conditions brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic, the overall financial position of the Group remains sound and solid, and the Group is well-positioned to take advantage of any upturn in the market.

During FY2022, the Group secured 12 demolition projects for different types of buildings, including residential blocks and factory buildings in Singapore and completed 12 demolition projects (including on-going projects from FY2021). The Group's outstanding projects secured in FY2022 are progressing on schedule with an expected total revenue of approximately S$10.6 million.

## OUTLOOK AND PROSPECTS

The Singapore's Ministry of Trade and Industry's (' MTI ') has on 13 February 2023 announced that the Singapore's economy improved by 3.6 per cent in 2022. MTI estimated that the GDP growth forecast for 2023 is 0.5 to 2.5 per cent. As a result, the Singapore economy grew by 2.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis in the fourth quarter of 2022, moderating from the 4.0 per cent expansion in the previous quarter. On a quarter-on-quarter seasonally-adjusted basis, the economy grew marginally by 0.1 per cent, easing from the 0.8 per cent growth in the third quarter. The construction sector grew by 10.0 per cent year-on-year, faster than the 8.1 per cent growth in the third quarter, as both public and private sector construction output increased. As a result, on a quarter-on-quarter seasonally-adjusted basis, the industry grew by 1.4 per cent, extending the 2.1 per cent growth in the previous quarter.

The Building and Construction Authority (' BCA ') projects the total construction demand in 2023 (i.e. the value of construction contracts to be awarded) to range between S$27 billion and S$32 billion.

The public sector is expected to contribute about 60 per cent of the total construction demand, between S$16 billion and S$19 billion. This is supported by a continued strong pipeline of public housing projects amid Housing Development Board's ramping up of Build-To-Order (' BTO ') flats supply. Industrial and institutional building construction is expected to contribute strongly to public sector demand, with more projects for the construction of water treatment plants, educational buildings and community clubs.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)

Private sector construction demand is projected to be between S$11 billion and S$13 billion in 2023, comparable with 2022 figures. Both residential and industrial building construction demand are expected to be similar to last year's level, underpinned by the development of new condominiums and high-specification industrial buildings. Due to the rescheduling of some major projects from 2022 to 2023 as well as the redevelopment of old commercial premises to enhance asset values, commercial building demand is anticipated to increase.

With the large-scale economic stimulus policies introduced by the Singapore government and the potential growth of the construction industry in Singapore, the demolition industry is expected to emerge stronger than before and leverage upon the business opportunities and constructions demands driven by Singapore's revival of inbound tourism and the earmarking of older commercial premises for redevelopment to enhance their asset values. In addition, the Group also hopes to leverage upon the support from the construction of energy storage facilities and biopharmaceutical manufacturing plants, which are expected to drive construction demand in the private sector according to the BCA. According to the BCA's recent regulation amendments, construction companies will no longer need to apply to the BCA for approval of resumption and/or commencement of works and deployment of personnel to construction worksites and supply work premises.

The Group expects that the resilience of construction demand will be return in 2023, as most of the pandemic risk factors have been sufficiently exposed, land border was reopened in April 2022 in Singapore, and continue growing of Singapore construction industry, due to demand from the private sector is anticipated to be increased, from a reduction in the number of land parcels put up for sale in the first quarter of 2021 and industrial developer could pick up later in 2022 and 2023.

The Group intends to continue the existing principal businesses that provide demolition services in Singapore. At the same time, the Group has will also continue to expand and diversify its business by investing into new business opportunities, which can enhance shareholders value as well as complement and leverage existing business lines.

## FINANCIAL REVIEW

## Revenue

During FY2022, the revenue of the Group was mainly derived from the provision of demolition and related value-added services to the Group's project owners (the ' Contract Revenue '). The Contract Revenue comprised of (i) the net contract sum from the project owners; (ii) the proceeds for the services provided for the disposal of salvage materials removed from the demolition sites to salvage materials buyers; and (iii) the proceeds from earth providers for depositing earth at the demolition sites for landfilling purpose. During FY2022, the Group's total revenue increased by approximately S$6.0 million or 22.5% from FY2021 to approximately S$32.7 million in FY2022. The increase was mainly due to higher proceeds from disposal of salvage materials recorded from the secured contracts.

The following table sets forth the breakdown of revenue by source for FY2022 and FY2021 respectively:

| FY 2022  FY 2021  S$'000  S$'000  Net Contract Sum  4,009  8,308  Proceeds from Disposal of Salvage Materials  28,010  17,079  Earth Depositing Proceeds  420  688  Other Revenue  299  662  32,738  26,737   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Cost of sales

The Group's cost of sales for FY2022 amounted to approximately S$23.2 million, representing an increase of S$3.6 million from approximately S$19.7 million in FY2021. The cost of sales mainly comprised of (i) direct labour costs; (ii) depreciation of the Group's machinery and equipment; (iii) raw materials, consumables and other overheads; and (iv) subcontractor charges. The increase in the cost of sales of the Group in FY2022 was mainly due to the increase in subcontractor charges of approximately S$2.8 million and maintenance expenses of S$0.4 million as a results of the progressive project activities.

## Gross profit and gross profit margin

The Group's gross profit increased by S$2.4 million or 33.8%, from a gross profit of approximately S$7.1 million for FY2021 to a gross profit of approximately S$9.5 million for FY2022. The Group's gross profit margin was approximately 29.0% and 26.4% for FY2022 and FY2021, respectively. The slight increase in the Group's gross profit margin was mainly due to higher revenue recorded from certain contract with higher gross profit margin during FY2022.

## Administrative expenses

The Group's administrative expenses for FY2022 amounted to approximately S$8.6 million, representing an increase of S$1.2 million from approximately S$7.4 million in FY2021. The administrative expenses primarily consisted of (i) staff costs; (ii) depreciation costs in respect of the Group's property, office equipment and motor vehicles; and (iii) legal and professional fees. The increase in FY2022 was mainly due to the increase in number of employee and salary adjustments.

## Other income

During FY2022, the Group's other income amounted to S$0.3 million representing a decrease of S$0.3 million from approximately S$0.6 million in FY2021. The decrease primarily resulted from a decrease of S$0.1 million in government grants comprised of Jobs Support Scheme, Foreign Worker Levy rebates and Jobs Growth Incentive granted to the Group by the Singapore authorities and the one-off refund of agency commission fee amounting to approximately S$0.2 million received in FY2021.

## Finance costs

During FY2022, finance costs incurred by the Group was S$0.3 million, representing no major change as compared to FY2021.

## Income tax

During FY2022, the Group's income tax amounted to S$0.6 million, mainly represented as deferred income tax. There were no income tax expenses incurred during FY2021 due to the utilisation of business losses brought forward to net off with the chargeable income.

## Profit attributable to the owners of the Company

As a result of the foregoing, profit attributable to equity holders of the Company increased by approximately S$0.3 million or 176.5% to approximately S$0.5 million for FY2022, compared with approximately S$0.2 million for FY2021. Basic earnings per share for FY2022 increased to earnings per share of S$0.05 cents as compared to earnings per share of S$0.02 cents for FY2021.

## Capital structure, liquidity and financial resources

The Group manages its capital to ensure that it will be able to continue as a going concern while maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of its debt and equity balance. The capital structure of the Group consists of debt, which includes borrowings and obligations under finance leases, net of bank deposits, bank balances, cash and equity attributable to the owners of the Group, comprising share capital and reserves. There has been no change in the capital structure of the Group since Listing. The Group has a solid financial position and continues to maintain a strong and steady cash inflow from internal generated funds, bank loans and other borrowings.

The Group adopts a prudent cash and financial management policy. The Group's cash, mainly denominated in Singapore dollars, are generally deposited with certain financial institutions.

As at 31 December 2022, the Group had net current assets of approximately S$21.5 million as compared to S$19.0 million as at 31 December 2021, representing an increase of approximately S$2.5 million or 13.2%. The increase was mainly due to the increase in cash and cash equivalents, decrease in trade payables, partially offset by the decrease in trade receivables. As at 31 December 2022, the Group had cash and cash equivalents of approximately S$17.1 million as compared to S$12.3 million as at 31 December 2021. During FY2022, the cash was used primarily for payment of lease liabilities and borrowings of the Group. The increase of cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December 2022 was due to cash generated from operating activities. The Board considers the level of cash balances reasonable and would enable the Company to take on suitable business opportunities in a very competitive and efficient manner.

As at 31 December 2022,

- a. the total amount of the issued share capital of the Company was HK$10,000,000, divided into 1,000,000,000 shares of HK$0.01 per share. There were no movements in the Company's share capital during FY2022.
- b. the leasehold land and building of the Group with carrying amounts of approximately S$5.1 million and S$5.5 million were mortgaged to licensed banks as security for credit facilities granted to the Group for FY2022 and FY2021 respectively.
- c. the Group had bank borrowings and lease liabilities of approximately S$0.7 million (FY2021: S$1.3 million) and S$9.1 million (FY2021: S$9.4 million) respectively. All of the lease liabilities and bank borrowings were denominated in S$.
- d. the Group's total equity attributable to equity holders of the Company amounted to approximately S$39.9 million as compared to S$39.3 million as at 31 December 2021. The capital of the Company mainly comprises share capital and reserves.

## Gearing ratio

The gearing ratio (calculated by dividing the obligations under borrowings and lease liabilities by total equity and then multiplied by 100%) decreased from 27.2% as at 31 December 2021 to 24.6% as at 31 December 2022. This resulted from a decrease in bank borrowings and also improvement in equity.

## Treasury policies

The Group's financing and treasury activities are centrally managed and controlled at the corporate level. The Group's bank borrowings are all denominated in S$ and have been arranged on a fixed or mix of fixed and floating rate basis. It is the Group's policy not to enter into derivative transactions for speculative purposes. The Directors will continue to follow a prudent policy in managing the Group's cash and maintaining a strong and healthy liquidity to ensure that the Group is well placed to take advantage of future growth opportunities.

## Contingent liabilities

As at 31 December 2022, the Group had no significant contingent liabilities or outstanding litigation (2021: none).

## Capital commitment

As at 31 December 2022, the Group did not have capital commitments for the purchase of property, plant and equipment (2021: Nil).

## Material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries and affiliated companies

Save as disclosed in this annual report, the Group did not have plans for material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries or associates during FY2022.

<!-- image -->

## Future plans for material investments or capital assets

As at 31 December 2022, save as disclosed in this annual report, the Group did not have specific plans for material investments or capital assets in the coming year.

## Employee information and remuneration policy

As at 31 December 2022, the Group had a total of 125 employees, 10 more than the same time in 2021. This was a result of new hires by the Group during FY2022. All of the executive Directors and employees are located in Singapore and Hong Kong. The remuneration offered to employees generally includes salaries and bonus and are determined with reference to market norms and individual employees' performance, qualifications and role. The Company has adopted a share option scheme under which options may be granted to Directors and eligible employees as in incentive.

The remuneration, bonuses and other compensation payable of the Directors are determined by the Remuneration Committee, having regard to the Company's operating results, responsibilities and individual performance of Directors.

## Significant investment held

As at 31 December 2022, save as disclosed in this annual report, there were no material investments held by the Group.

## Charge of the Group's assets

As at 31 December 2022, the leasehold land and building of the Group with carrying amounts of approximately S$5.1 million (2021: S$5.5 million) were mortgaged to licensed banks as security for credit facilities granted to the Group.

## Foreign currency exposure

The Group operates in Singapore and most of its income and expenditures are denominated in Singapore Dollar (' S$ '), being the functional currency of the Company. The Group has exposure to foreign exchange risk as a result of cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, deposits, prepayments and other receivables, trade and other payables denominated in the United States dollar (' USD '), Chinese Yuan (' CNY ') and Hong Kong dollar (' HK$ '). As at 31 December 2022, should S$ be strengthened/ weakened by 4% against those currencies, with all other variables held constant, the impact on the Group's post tax profit and the equity would have been approximately S$5,000 (2021: S$177,000) lower/higher for the year ended 31 December 2022 as a result of foreign exchange losses/gain.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

The Directors are pleased to present their report and the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for FY2021.

## CORPORATE REORGANISATION AND LISTING

The Company was incorporated in Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability on 6 April 2018. In preparation for the Listing, the Group underwent reorganization, details of which are set out in the section headed 'History, Development and Reorganisation' of the Prospectus. Following the Listing by way of Global Offering, 250,000,000 new Shares were initially offered by the Company at a price of HK$0.5 per share. The gross proceeds from the Share Offer are approximately HK$77.5 million. The Company was listed on the Stock Exchange on 8 November 2019.

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The Group is a demolition services provider in Singapore, which also (i) sells salvage materials removed from the demolition sites to third party salvage buyers; (ii) deposits earth from earth providers at its demolition sites for landfilling purposes; and (iii) leases and sells machinery to third parties. The principal business activity of the Company is investment holding. The names and the activities of its principal subsidiaries are set out in Note 31 to consolidated financial statements. There were no significant changes in the nature of the Group's principal activities during FY2022.

## BUSINESS REVIEW

The business review analysis using key financial performance indicators and future development in the Group's business for FY2022 are set out in the section headed 'Management Discussion and Analysis' on pages 11 to 16 of this annual report. This discussion forms part of this Directors' report.

There are certain risks involved in the Group's operations, which may affect its business and results of operations. The following highlights some of the risks which its Directors consider to be material:

- the	Group	derives	a	significant	portion	of	its	revenue	from	the	disposal	of	salvage	materials,	which	are	prone	to	price fluctuations
- the	Group's	demolition	projects	are	non-recurring	in	nature	and	there	is	a	possibility	of	not	being	able	to	secure	new projects
- no	long-term	agreements	with	the	Group's	customers	or	salvage	material	buyers	have	been	entered	into.	The	Group	can neither ensure that its customers and salvage material buyers will continue to engage its services and purchase its salvage materials respectively
- incorrect	estimation	of	the	Group's	project	operating	costs	and	value	of	salvage	materials	in	the	determination	of	its	tender or quotation prices may materially and adversely affect its profitability and financial performance
- the	Group	is	dependent	on	its	key	personnel	and	cannot	assure	that	it	will	be	able	to	retain	them

## KEY RELATIONSHIPS WITH ITS EMPLOYEES, CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

As at 31 December 2022, the Group had a total of 125 employees (Including some of the executive directors). Approximately 30% of the Group's employees were local employees and 70% were foreign employees (including site foreign workers and other foreign employees). All of the Group's employees are located in Singapore and are remunerated according to their qualifications, role and responsibilities. Discretionary bonuses may be offered depending on their performance, profitability of the Group and market conditions. The Group adopts effective employee and emolument policies to comply with the local rules and regulations in relation to employment in Singapore.

Depending on the role and scope of work of the Group's employees, the Group sponsors its employees to receive relevant training courses including courses in relation to occupational health and safety, work quality and compulsory courses required by the Building and Construction Authority of Singapore and the Ministry of Manpower of Singapore.

The Group's employees are invaluable assets of the Group, with whom it has and continues to maintain good relationships. During FY2022, the Group did not have any significant disputes with its employees nor did it have any material difficulties in the recruitment of employees or any disruption to its operations due to any labour dispute.

The Group has established long-term business relationships with its key business partners and maintained long-term business relationships with its major customers, including a Singapore state-owned developer and manager of industrial estates and a Singapore private company engaged in the business of construction of buildings. The Group has maintained strong and longterm business relationships with the majority of its five largest customers for over three years, the longest business relationship being 16 years. For the salvage material buyers whom the Group disposes the salvage materials to, the majority of business relationships are of at least seven years, the longest business relationship being approximately 15 years.

As a result, the Directors believe that the Group has become its customers' preferred demolition services provider and salvage material supplier. Moreover, the Directors also believe that the Group's strong and long-term relationships with these key customers provide it with a competitive advantage to securing future contracts and a steady flow of repeated business, and enhancing its marketing and business development capabilities with new customers.

The Group has also established close and long-term working relationships with subcontractors and suppliers in different areas, including specialized construction activities and process and industrial plant engineering design and consultancy services providers. The majority of the Group's five largest suppliers (including subcontractors) have collaborated with the Group for at least five years. The Group believes that these established relationships have enhanced the Group's ability to provide its services to its customers and will continue to help expand its business capabilities.

In view of the above and as at the date of this report, there is no circumstance or any event which will have a significant impact on the Group's business on which the Group's success depends. During FY2022, there were no material and significant disputes between the Group and its suppliers and/or customers.

## DIVIDEND POLICY

In order to enhance transparency of the Company and facilitate the shareholders of the Company and investors to make informed investment decisions relating to the Company, the Board adopted a dividend policy on 27 March 2020 (the ' Dividend Policy '). According to the Dividend Policy, when determining whether to declare any dividend in the future and the amount of dividend to be declared, the Company shall consider a number of factors, including but not limited to:

- the	Company's	actual	and	expected	financial	performance;
- retained	earnings	and	distributable	reserves	of	the	Group;
- the	level	of	the	Group's	debts	to	equity	ratio,	return	on	equity	and	the	relevant	financial	covenants;
- any	restrictions	on	payment	of	dividends	that	may	be	imposed	by	the	Group's	contracting	parties;
- the	Group's	expected	working	capital	requirements	and	future	expansion	plans;
- general	economic	conditions,	business	cycle	of	the	Group's	business	and	other	internal	or	external	factors	that	may	have an impact on the business or financial performance and position of the Company; and
- any	other	factors	that	the	Board	may	deem	appropriate.

The Company does not have any pre-determined dividend distribution proportion or distribution ratio. The declaration, payment and amount of dividends will be subject to the Board's discretion. The Board will review the Dividend Policy on a regular basis.

## RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS

The Group's results for FY2022 and the Group's financial position are set out in the consolidated financial statements on pages 55 to 114 of this report.

The Directors do not recommend the payment of final dividend in respect of FY2022.

## ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE

The Group is aware of and is committed to its corporate responsibility. Apart from driving the success of the Group's business, it also focuses on the impact it has on its employees, society and the environment. As a demolition services provider, the Company provides removal of salvage materials services by collecting recyclable demolition waste such as ferrous metal, non-ferrous metal and recycled concrete aggregate, from which it generates proceeds for the disposal of salvage materials to salvage materials buyers. The Company is pleased that its services do not only generate income for the Group but also reinforces the sustainable redevelopment plans envisaged and promoted by the Singapore Government.

The Company has adopted an environmental management system and policies in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations. The Group's operations on site are also subject to certain environmental requirements pursuant to the laws in Singapore such as the Environmental Public Health Act (Chapter 95) and the Environmental Protection and Management Act (Chapter 94A) of Singapore.

The environmental management system of the Group is certified to be in compliance with the standard under ISO 14001:2015 since 2016 as a recognition of its policies and procedures undertaken to protect the environment.

The Group's environmental management system includes specific operational procedures covering various aspects of control including air pollution control, noise pollution control, waste management and resources conservation for our employees to observe. The Company will comply with the environmental management procedures when the Company formulates the method statements or work plans to its customers before commencing the projects and implement them on an ongoing basis in the execution stage of the project.

To the best knowledge of the Directors, the Group was in compliance with the applicable environmental laws and regulations in all material respects during FY2022. For the three years ended 31 December 2022, our aggregate cost for environmental compliance was approximately S$2.3 million, S$1.4 million and S$2.8 million, respectively.

For details, please refer to the Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 which will be published by the end of April 2022.

## COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

To the best of the Director's knowledge, information and belief, having made all reasonable enquiries, the Group has complied in all material respects with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the business and operation of the Company and its subsidiaries during FY2022.

## USE OF PROCEEDS FROM LISTING

On the Listing Date, the issued shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the ' Stock Exchange '). A total of 250,000,000 ordinary shares were issued to the public at a price of HK$0.5 per share for net proceeds of approximately HK$77.5 million after the deduction of related listing expenses. Part of these proceeds have been utilised in accordance with the proposed allocation set out in the Prospectus.

Set out below are details of the allocation of the net proceeds, the utilised amount of the net proceeds as at 31 December 2022:

| Use of Net Proceeds  Intended  amount of  use of  proceeds  Approximate  Unused Net  Proceeds as at  31 December  2021  Approximate  Amount of Net  Proceeds  utilised during  FY2022  Approximate  Unused Net  Proceeds as at  31 December  2022  Expected  timeline  for utilising  the Unused  Net Proceeds  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Enhancing the machinery fleet by acquiring excavators  with different capacities including one unit of  48.5-metre high-reach excavator and attachments  to excavators  51,200  30,397  7,634  22,763  On or before  end of year  2024  Repaying the bank borrowing bearing interest rate at  approximately 2.9% per annum and maturing in 2019,  the proceeds from borrowing were used  as working capital  13,500  -  -  -  -  Expanding the labour force by recruiting additional staff,  including project management and project execution  staff  9,100  7,437  3,934  3,503  On or before  end of year  2023  Engagement of professional consultant to review the  internal management systems for the purpose of the  registration for B1 grade under the CW02  'Civil Engineering' workhead  2,200  2,200  -  2,200  On or before  end of year  2024  Group's general working capital  1,500  -  -  -  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 31 December 2022, the amount of the net proceeds which remained unutilised amounted to approximately HK$28.5 million. Since 2020, COVID-19 pandemic had imposed negative impact to the overall business environment in Singapore and the correspondent strictly enforced lockdown had led to uncertain economic and market conditions. In such circumstances, the Company has taken a responsible and prudent view to implement the business strategies which lead to the delay in using the Net Proceeds. Nevertheless, the Group has endeavored to adhere to the implementation plan for the use of the Net Proceeds as disclosed in the Prospectus, and has been monitoring the market conditions in Singapore and making assessments from time to time on the right timing to utilise the Net Proceeds. Accordingly, the remaining unutilised net proceeds are expected to be fully utilised on or before 31 December 2024 for the following purposes:

- acquisition	of	property,	plant	and	equipment;
- application	costs,	including	professional	fees	etc.	for	upgrading	the	'CW02,	Civil	Engineering'	workhead	from	C1	grade	to B1 Grade; and
- recruitment	of	new	staff.

## DONATIONS

The Group donated a total amount of S$25,000 to Jurong Spring CCC Community Development and Welfare Fund and Kaki Bukit CCC Community Development and Welfare Fund to support the society during FY2022.

## PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of movements in property, plant and equipment of the Group are set out in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.

## PROPERTIES

The Group holds a medical facility unit in Singapore for investment purposes and a three-storey building as its head office as at 31 December 2022, details of which are set out in Notes 14 and 16 to the consolidated financial statements.

## SHARE CAPITAL

As of 31 December 2022, the total amount of the issued share capital of the Company was HK$10,000,000, divided into 1,000,000,000 shares of HK$0.01 per share. There were no movements in the Company's share capital during the year.

## RESERVES

Details of the movements in reserves of the Group and the Company during FY2022 are set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 58 of this report and Note 27 to the consolidated financial statements respectively.

## DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

At 31 December 2022, the Company's reserves available for distribution, calculated in accordance with the provisions of sections 291, 297 and 299 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the laws of Hong Kong) (the ' Companies Ordinance '), amounted to approximately S$16.6 million.

## MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

The percentage of the purchases attributable to the Group's major suppliers (including its subcontractors) for FY2022 are as follows:

## Suppliers

- -the largest supplier: 11.3%
- -five largest suppliers combined: 35.4%

The percentage of revenue from the Group's major customers (by aggregate contract revenue contributed from the relevant projects and major salvage materials buyers (by proceeds from the disposal of salvage materials)) for FY2022 are respectively as follows:

## Customers

- -the largest customer: 76.5%
- -five largest customers combined: 94.1%

## Salvage Materials Buyers

- -the largest salvage materials buyer: 54.6%
- -five largest salvage materials buyers combined: 95.0%

None of the Directors, their associates or any shareholders (which to the knowledge of the Directors owns more than 5% of the Company's issued share capital) had an interest in any of the Group's major customers, salvage materials buyers and suppliers as at 31 December 2022.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT (CONTINUED)

## DIRECTORS

During FY2022, the Directors comprised of:

## Executive Directors

Mr. Tan Chee Beng Ms. Tang Ling Ling Mr. Tan Wei Leong Mr. Cheung Kam Fai Mr. Ngan Kim Fung

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Wee Chorng Kien Mr. Leung Yau Wan John Mr. Leung Kee Wai

## CHANGES TO DIRECTORS' INFORMATION

Save as disclosed in this report, the Directors confirm that in relation to their profile, no information is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the ' Listing Rules ').

## DIRECTORS' SERVICE CONTRACTS

Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company for a term of three years commencing from the Listing Date, which may be terminated in accordance with the terms of the service contracts.

The non-executive Director has signed a letter of appointment with the Company for a term of three years commencing from the Listing Date, which may be terminated in accordance with the terms of the letter of appointment.

Each of the independent non-executive Directors (' INED ') has signed a letter of appointment with the Company for a term of three years commencing from the Listing Date, which may be terminated in accordance with the terms of their respective letters of appointment.

Apart from the foregoing, no Director was proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company has entered into any service contracts with the Company or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable by the Group within one year without payment compensation other than statutory compensation.

## DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION &amp; EMOLUMENT POLICY

Details of the remuneration of the Directors are set out in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements. The Directors' fees are subject to shareholders' approval at general meetings. Other emoluments are determined by the Company's board of Directors with reference to duties and responsibilities of the Directors and the performance and results of the Group.

The Remuneration Committee was established for reviewing and determining the remuneration and compensation packages of the Directors and senior management of the Company with reference to salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities of the Directors and performance of the Group.

## BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

The biographical details of the Directors are set out under the section headed 'Biographies of Directors and Senior Management' on pages 6 to 10 of this report.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS

Save as disclosed in Notes 9 and 28 to the consolidated financial statements, no transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group's business to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director or his connected entity had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of FY2022 or at any time during FY2022.

## DISCLOSURE UNDER RULES 13.18 AND 13.21 OF THE LISTING RULES

There is no transaction which falls within the disclosure requirements under Rules 13.18 and 13.21 of the Listing Rules.

## MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contract between the Company and a person who undertakes the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of any business of the Company and who was not a director of the Company were entered into or existed during FY2022.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Company maintains a high standard of corporate governance practices. Details of the corporate governance practices adopted by the Company are set out in the Corporate Governance Report on pages 31 to 48. The Directors believe the long-term financial performance as opposed to short-term rewards is a corporate governance objective. The Board would not take undue risks to make short-term gains at the expense of its long-term objectives.

## DIRECTORS' AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ANY ASSOCIATED CORPORATION

As at 31 December 2022, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the ' SFO ')) as recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 352 of the SFO or otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the ' Model Code ') set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules, were as follows:

## Long positions in the shares and underlying shares of associated corporation of the Company

## (i) Long positions in the Shares

| Name  Capacity/Nature of interest  Number of  Shares  (Note 1)  Percentage of  shareholding  in the Company  Mr. Tan Chee Beng  Interest in a controlled corporation  (Note 2)  ;  Interest of spouse  (Note 3)  505,600,000 Shares (L)  50.56%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

1. The letter (L) denotes the person's long position in such Shares.

2. Mr. Tan beneficially owns all of the issued shares of TCB Investment Holdings Limited (' TCB '), which in turn holds 34.17% of the Shares. Therefore, Mr. Tan is deemed, or taken to be, interested in the Shares held by TCB for the purposes of the SFO. Mr. Tan is a director of TCB.
3. Mr. Tan is the spouse of Ms. Lee Peck Kim (' Ms. Lee '), who through her controlled corporation was interested in 163,900,000 Shares representing 16.39% of the issued Shares of the Company. Accordingly, Mr. Tan is deemed, or taken to be, interested in the Shares which Ms. Lee is interested in for the purpose of the SFO.

## (ii) Long position in the share of associated corporation

As at 31 December 2022, none of the Directors or chief executives of the Company had or was deemed to have any interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were required to be recorded in the registered of interests required to be kept under Section 352 of the SFO or were otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS' INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES

So far as known to the Directors or chief executive of the Company, as at 31 December 2022, the following corporates and persons (other than the Directors or chief executive of the Company) had interests or short positions in the shares of the Company and underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO were as follows:

## Long Positions in Shares

| Name  Capacity/nature of interest  Number of Share  held/interested  Percentage of  shareholding  TCB  Beneficial owner  341,700,000  34.17%  K Luxe Holdings Limited ('  K Luxe  ')  Beneficial owner  163,900,000  16.39%  Ms. Lee  Interest in controlled corporation  (Note 1)  Interest of spouse  (Note 2)  505,600,000  50.56%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(1) Ms. Lee beneficially owns all of the issued shares of K Luxe, which in turn holds 163,900,000 Shares, representing 16.39% of the total issued Shares of the Company. Therefore, Ms. Lee is deemed, or taken to be, interested in the Shares held by K Luxe for the purposes of the SFO.

(2) Ms. Lee is the spouse of Mr. Tan. Accordingly, Ms. Lee is deemed, or taken to be, interested in the Shares which Mr. Tan is interested (through his controlled corporation, TCB) for the purposes of the SFO.

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2022, the Directors were not aware of any persons (other than the Directors and chief executive of the Company) who had any interests or short positions in the shares of the Company or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO.

## DIRECTORS' RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Save as disclosed in this report, at no time during FY2022 was the Company, its holding company or any of its subsidiaries, a party to any arrangements which enable the Directors and the chief executives of the Company to acquire benefits by means of an acquisition of Shares or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate; and none of the Directors, or their spouses or children under the age of 18, had any rights to subscribe for the securities of the Company, or had exercised any such right during FY2022.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

The Directors are not aware of any business or interest of the Directors nor the controlling shareholder of the Company nor any of their respective associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) in the Group, which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group during FY2022 and up to the date of this report.

## SHARE OPTION SCHEME

The Company has conditionally approved and adopted the share option scheme (the ' Share Option Scheme ') on 15 October 2019 (the ' Adoption Date ') which shall remain in force for a period of ten years commencing on the Adoption Date and expire at the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the tenth anniversary thereof. The terms of the Share Option Scheme are in accordance with the provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to attract and retain the best available personnel, to provide additional incentive to employees (full-time and part-time), Directors, consultants, advisers, distributors, contractors, suppliers, agents, customers, business partners and service providers of the Group (the ' Eligible Persons ') and to promote the success of the business of the Group.

The principal terms of the Share Option Scheme are summarized in Appendix V to the Prospectus. Subject to the provisions of the Share Option Scheme, the Board may grant options at any time from time to time within a period of ten years from the Adoption Date. The maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company (excluding, for this purpose, Shares issuable upon exercise of options which have been granted but which have lapsed in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme or any other share option schemes of the Company) shall not, in aggregate, exceed 10% of the total number of Shares in issue as at the Listing Date (the ' Scheme Limit '), unless approved by its shareholders pursuant to the paragraph below.

The Company may seek separate approval of the shareholders in a general meeting for refreshing the Scheme Limit provided that such limit as refreshed shall not exceed 10% of the total number of Shares in issue as of the date of the approval of the refreshed limit. Options previously granted under the Share Option Scheme or any other share option schemes of the Company (including those outstanding, cancelled or lapsed in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme or any other share option schemes of the Company) will not be counted for the purpose of calculating the refreshed 10% limit.

The total number of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of options granted to any Eligible Persons (including both exercised and outstanding options) under the Share Option Scheme, in any 12-month period up to the date of grant shall not exceed 1% of the Shares in any issue.

Save as determined by the Board and provided in the offer of the grant of the relevant options, there is no performance target which must be achieved before any of the options can be exercised.

An offer for the grant of options must be accepted within seven days inclusive of the day on which such offer was made. The amount payable by the grantee of an option to the Company on acceptance of the offer for the grant of an option is HK$1.00.

No share option has been granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed under the Share Option Scheme and there was no share option outstanding as at 31 December 2022.

## PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS

Pursuant to the memorandum and articles of association of the Company (the ' Articles '), the Directors, managing Directors, alternate Directors, auditors, secretary and other officers, for the time being, acting in relation to the affairs of the Company, shall be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses which they or any of them shall or may incur or sustain by or by reason of any act done, concurred in or omitted in or about the exertion of their duty.

The permitted indemnity provision is currently in force for the benefit of the Directors as defined and required by Section 470 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and has been in force throughout FY2022.

## EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

Save as disclosed in this annual report relating to the Share Option Scheme, the Company did not enter into any equity-linked agreements that (i) will or may result in the Company issuing Shares or (ii) require the Company to enter into any agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing Shares during FY2022 or had subsisted at the end of FY2022.

## PURCHASE, REDEMPTION OR SALE OF THE LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY

During FY2022, no purchase, sale or redemption of the Company's listed securities was made by the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

## DEBENTURES

During FY2022, no debentures were issued by the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

## CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

During FY2022, there were no connected transactions or continuing connected transactions of the Company as defined under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, which are required to comply with any of the reporting, announcement or independent shareholders' approval requirements under the Listing Rules. None of the related party transactions constituted a connected transaction or continuing connected transaction which should be disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules.

## SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, the Company has maintained the sufficient public float of at least 25% of the issued Shares under the Listing Rules as at the date of this annual report.

## PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles, which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a prorata basis to existing shareholders. There is also no restriction against such rights under the laws of the Cayman Islands.

## EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

There were no material subsequent events undertaken by the Company or the Group after 31 December 2022 and up to the date of this report.

## CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

In order to ascertain the entitlements to attend and vote at the AGM, the register of members of the Company will be closed from Monday, 29 May 2023 to Thursday, 1 June 2023, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be registered. Shareholders of the Company are reminded to ensure all properly executed transfer forms accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company's branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 pm on Thursday, 25 May 2023.

## OTHER MATTERS

There are no other matters that are material for the shareholders' appreciation of the state of the Company's and its subsidiaries' affairs.

## AUDITOR

The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 were audited by McMillan Woods (Hong Kong) CPA Limited who will retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment upon conclusion of the forthcoming annual general meeting. A resolution will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting to re-appoint McMillan Woods (Hong Kong) CPA Limited as auditor of the Company and to authorize the Directors to fix its remuneration.

On behalf of the Board

## Tan Chee Beng

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director

Singapore 31 March 2023

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## COMPLIANCE WITH CODE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The Board recognises the importance of good corporate governance in management and internal procedures so as to achieve effective accountability and to protect and enhance shareholders' value. Committed to upholding good corporate standards and procedures in the best interests of its shareholders, the Company has adopted the principles and all the relevant code provisions set out in the Corporate Governance Code contained in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules (the ' CG Code ').

Throughout FY2022, the Company has complied with the applicable code provisions of the CG Code with the exceptions of the deviation from code provision A.2.1 as explained below:

On 1 January 2022, the amendments to the Corporate Governance Code (the ' New CG Code ') came into effect and the requirements under the New CG code will apply to corporate governance reports for financial year commencing on or after 1 January 2022. The Board will continue to review and enhance its corporate governance practice of the Company to ensure compliance with the New CG Code and align with the latest developments.

## DEVIATION FROM A.2.1 OF THE CG CODE

Under paragraph A.2.1 of Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules, the roles of chairman and chief executive officer of a company should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual. Mr. Tan is currently the Chairman of the Board and the chief executive officer of the Group and primarily responsible for the day-to-day management of the Group's business. In view of the fact that Mr. Tan has been operating and managing our Group since its establishment, our Board believes it is in the best interests of our Group to have Mr. Tan take up both roles of effective management and business development. The Directors consider that vesting the roles of the chairman of the Board and chief executive officer in the same person facilitates the execution of the Group's business strategies and decision making, and maximises the effectiveness of the Group's operation. The Directors also believe that the presence of three Independent Non-Executive Directors provides added independence to the Board, and that the Board is appropriately structured to maintain the balance of power and to provide sufficient checks to protect the interests of the Company and its shareholders. The Directors shall review the structure from time to time and consider an adjustment should it become appropriate.

The balance of power and authority is ensured by the operation of the senior management and the Board, which comprises experienced and high-calibre individuals. The Board currently comprises four executive Directors (including Mr. Tan), one nonexecutive Director, and three INEDs and therefore has a fairly strong independence element in its composition.

## MODEL CODE OF CONDUCT OF DIRECTORS' SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Company has adopted the Model Code to the Listing Rules as its own code of conduct regarding Directors' transactions in securities of the Company. Having made specific enquiries with the Directors, all the Directors confirm that they have complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code during FY2022.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Responsibilities of the Directors

The Board is primarily responsible for overseeing and managing the Company's affairs, including the responsibilities for the adoption of long-term strategies and appointing and supervising senior management to ensure that the operation of the Group is conducted in accordance with the objective of the Group.

The Board is also responsible for determining the Company's corporate governance functions which include:

- developing	and	reviewing	the	Company's	policies	and	practices	on	corporate	governance;
- reviewing	and	monitoring	the	training	and	continuous	professional	development	of	Directors	and	senior	management;
- reviewing	and	monitoring	the	Company's	policies	and	practices	to	ensure	compliance	with	legal	and	regulatory requirements;
- developing,	reviewing	and	monitoring	the	code	of	conduct	and	compliance	manual	(if	any)	applicable	to	employees	and Directors; and
- reviewing	the	Company's	compliance	with	the	code	provisions	set	out	in	the	CG	Code	and	its	disclosure	requirements	in the Corporate Governance Report.

During FY2022, the Board has performed the above-mentioned corporate governance functions by reviewing the Company's policies and practices on corporate governance and compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.

The day-to-day management, administration and operation of the Company are delegated to the executive Directors and the senior management, who fulfill their duties within their scope of authority and responsibility. Divisional heads are responsible for different aspects of the businesses. Major functions delegated to management include preparation of annual and interim results; execution of business strategies and initiatives adopted by the Board; implementation of adequate risk management and internal control systems; and compliance with the relevant statutory requirements. The functions and power that are so delegated are reviewed periodically by the Company to ensure that they remain appropriate.

All Directors have full and timely access to all relevant information as well as the advice and services of the company secretary of the Company, with a view to ensuring that Board procedures and all applicable laws and regulations are followed. Each Director is normally able to seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances at the Company's expense, upon making request to the Board.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)

## Chairman and Chief Executive

During FY2022, Mr. Tan Chee Beng has taken up the dual-role of chairman (' Chairman ') and chief executive officer of the Company (the ' CEO '). Mr. Tan recognizes that these two roles are distinct. His respective responsibilities are clearly defined and segregated to ensure a balance of power and authority, and reinforce his independence and accountability. The Chairman provides leadership for the decision of the Board regarding the daily operations and administration of the Company that are delegated to the management and led by the CEO. Acting as the principal manager, the CEO formulates the business strategies, oversees the business operations of the Group and ensures the implementation of the strategies and policies adopted and prioritised by the Board are supported with effective and competent management. The CEO is also responsible for informing all Directors on major Company changes and business development in a timely and appropriate manner.

## Board Composition

The composition of the Board reflects the necessary balance of skills and experience desirable for effective leadership of the Company and independence in decision making. The Board assumes the responsibility for leadership and control of the Company and oversees the Group's businesses, strategic decisions and performances. The Board currently comprises of the following Directors:

## Executive Directors

Mr. Tan Chee Beng (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)

Ms. Tang Ling Ling

Mr. Tan Wei Leong

Mr. Cheung Kam Fai

Mr. Ngan Kim Fung

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Wee Chorng Kien

Mr. Leung Yau Wan John Mr. Leung Kee Wai

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)

## Relationships between the Board

Details of the background and qualifications of all the Directors are set out in the section headed 'Biographies of Directors and Senior Management' of this annual report. To the best knowledge of the Company, save as disclosed under the section headed 'Biographies of Directors and Senior Management', there is no financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationships among members of the Board.

The Company is committed to the view that the Board should include a balanced composition of executive and INEDs so that there is a strong independent element on the Board which can effectively exercise independent judgment. The composition of the Board is reviewed by the Company from time to time to ensure that the Board has a balance of skills and experience appropriate for the requirements of the business of the Company.

## Independent Non-executive Directors

During FY2022, the Board has at all times complied with rules 3.10(1), 3.10(2) and 3.10A of the Listing Rules. The Board consisted of three INEDs, which represents not less than one-third of the Board. Of the INEDs, at least one possesses appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise as required under the Listing Rules. As such, there is a strong independent element in the Board to provide independent judgment.

The roles of the INEDs are to provide independent and unbiased opinions to the Board, giving adequate control and balances for the Group to protect the overall interests of the shareholders and the Group. The INEDs are of sufficient caliber and free of any business or other relationship which could interfere in any material manner with the exercise of their independent judgment. They are able to provide impartial and professional advice to protect the interests of the minority shareholders of the Company.

Specific enquiry has been made by the Company with each of the INEDs to confirm their independence pursuant to rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company has received positive confirmations from all three INEDs. Furthermore, the Board is not aware of any relationship or circumstances which would interfere with the exercise of the independent judgment of the INEDs. Based on the confirmations received, the Company is of the view that all INEDs are independent.

## Appointment and Re-election of Directors

All the non-executive Directors/INEDs are appointed for a specific term of three years, subject to renewal after the expiry of the then current term.

The Articles provide that all Directors appointed to fill a casual vacancy shall be subject to re-election by shareholders at the first general meeting after appointment.

Pursuant to article 108(a) of the Articles, at each annual general meeting one-third of the Directors for the time being, or, if their number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to but not less than one-third, shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those appointed for a specific term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. A retiring Director shall be eligible for re-election.

In accordance with article 108(a) of the Company's Articles, Ms. Tang Ling Ling, Mr. Ngan Kin Fung and Mr. Wee Chorng Kien will retire by rotation and, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)

## Continuous Professional Development of Directors

Every newly appointed Director will receive an information package on the first occasion of his/her appointment. This information package is a comprehensive, formal and tailored induction on the responsibilities and on-going obligations to be observed by a Director pursuant to the Companies Ordinance, the Listing Rules and the SFO. In addition, this information package includes material which briefly describes the operations and business of the Company. Directors will be continuously updated on major development of the Listing Rules and other applicable regulatory requirements to ensure compliance and upkeep of good corporate governance practices.

The Directors are committed to complying with code provision A.6.5 of the CG Code and all Directors have participated in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills and provided a record of training they received for FY2022 to the Company.

During FY2022, the Directors participated in continuous professional development in relation to regulatory updates, the duties and responsibility of the Directors and the business of the Group in the following manner:

| Directors  Attended Seminars or  Briefing/Read Materials  Mr. Tan Chee Beng  ✓  Ms. Tang Ling Ling  ✓  Mr. Tan Wei Leong  ✓  Mr. Cheung Kam Fai  ✓  Mr. Ngan Kim Fung  ✓  Mr. Wee Chorng Kien  ✓  Mr. Leung Yau Wan John  ✓  Mr. Leung Kee Wai  ✓   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)

## Board Meetings and General Meetings

Pursuant to code provisions of the CG Code, meetings of the Board should be held at least four times a year at approximately quarterly intervals and notice of at least 14 days should be given for a regular board meeting. Agendas and accompanying papers shall be sent not less than 3 days before the date of Board meeting to ensure that the Directors are given sufficient time to review the documents.

The Board is responsible for the approval and monitoring of the Company's overall strategies and policies, approval of business plans, evaluating the performance of the Group and oversight of management. It is also responsible for promoting the success of the Company and its businesses by directing and supervising the Company's affairs.

1 general meeting and 4 board meetings were held during FY2022. Notice of the Board meeting, agenda and Board papers were sent to the Directors in a timely manner before the meeting. The attendance of each Director at the board meetings and general meeting is set out below:

| Attendance/Number of Meetings  Director  Board  Meeting  General  Meeting  Mr. Tan Chee Beng  4  1  Ms. Tang Ling Ling  4  1  Mr. Tan Wei Leong  4  1  Mr. Cheung Kam Fai  4  1  Mr. Ngan Kim Fung  4  1  Mr. Leung Yau Wan John  4  1  Mr. Wee Chorng Kien  4  1  Mr. Leung Kee Wai  4  1   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Mr. Tan Chee Beng held a meeting with the INEDs without the presence of other Directors on 19 December 2022.

## BOARD COMMITTEES

The Board delegates certain responsibilities to committees. In accordance with Singapore laws, the Articles and the Listing Rules, the Board has established three committees, namely, the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee, for overseeing particular aspects of the Company's affairs. Board committees are provided with sufficient resources to discharge their duties and, upon reasonable request, are able to seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances at the Company's expense.

The list of the chairman and members of each Board committee is set out under 'Corporate Information' on page 2.

## BOARD COMMITTEES (CONTINUED)

## Audit Committee

The Audit Committee consists of three INEDs, namely Mr. Leung Yau Wan John, Mr. Wee Chorng Kien and Mr. Leung Kee Wai. The chairman of the Audit Committee, Mr. Leung Yau Wan John, possesses the appropriate professional qualifications and financial expertise for the purposes of compliance with the requirements of rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules.

The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

The principal duties of the Audit Committee include the following:

- making	recommendations	to	the	Board	on	the	appointment,	reappointment	and	removal	of	the	external	auditor,	and	to approve the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditor, and to consider any questions of resignation or dismissal
- monitoring	the	integrity	of	financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	the	Company	and	the	annual	report	and	half-year	report and, if prepared for publication, quarterly reports, and reviewing significant financial reporting judgements contained in them
- reviewing	the	Company's	financial	controls,	risk	management	and	internal	control	systems
- discussing	the	risk	management	and	internal	control	systems	with	management	to	ensure	that	management	has performed its duty to have an effective system including the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programs and budget of the Company's accounting and financial reporting function

The major work performed by the Audit Committee during FY2022 is summarized below:

- reviewed	the	financial	reporting	system,	compliance	procedures,	risk	management	and	internal	control	(including	the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programs and budget of the Group's accounting and financial reporting functions, risk management systems and processes
- made	recommendations	to	the	Board	on	the	re-appointment	of	the	external	auditors	based	on	the	needs	of	the	business. The Board did not deviate from such recommendations provided and has adopted the same
- reviewed	the	results	of	the	Group	for	FY2022	as	well	as	the	audit	report	prepared	by	the	external	auditor	relating	to accounting matters and major findings during the course of the audit
- established	proper	arrangements	for	employees,	in	confidence,	to	raise	concerns	about	possible	improprieties	in	financial reporting, internal control and other matters

<!-- image -->

## BOARD COMMITTEES (CONTINUED)

## Audit Committee (Continued)

According to the terms of reference of the Audit Committee, the members of the Audit Committee should meet at least twice a year. The Audit Committee held 3 meetings during FY2022. The composition of the Audit Committee and attendance of the members of the Audit Committee at the audit committee meetings are set out below:

| Members of the Audit Committee  Attendance/  Number of  Meetings  Mr. Leung Yau Wan John  3  Mr. Wee Chorng Kien  3  Mr. Leung Kee Wai  3   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Nomination Committee

The Nomination Committee consists of one executive Director, being Mr. Tan Chee Beng (Committee Chairman), and two INEDs, being Mr. Wee Chorng Kien and Mr. Leung Kee Wai.

The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

The principal duties of the Nomination Committee include the following:

- reviewing	the	structure,	size	and	composition	(including	the	skills,	knowledge,	experience	and	diversity	representation)	of the Board at least annually
- making	recommendations	on	any	proposed	changes	to	the	Board	to	complement	the	corporate	strategy	of	the	Company
- developing	a	list	of	desirable	skills,	perspectives	and	experience	at	the	outset	of	the	selection	process	for	a	new	Director
- identifying	individuals	suitably	qualified	to	become	Board	members
- selecting	or	making	recommendations	to	the	Board	on	the	selection	of	individuals	nominated	for	directorships
- assessing	the	independence	of	the	INEDs
- making	recommendations	to	the	Board	on	the	appointment	or	re-appointment	of	Directors	and	succession	planning	for Directors
- evaluating	and	assessing	the	optimal	composition	of	the	Board,	taking	into	account	the	Company's	agreed	strategies	and objectives

## BOARD COMMITTEES (CONTINUED)

## Nomination Committee (Continued)

During FY2022, the Nomination Committee held one meeting and performed the following work as summarised below:

- reviewed	the	structure,	size	and	composition	of	the	Board
- assessed	the	independence	of	the	INEDs	of	the	Company
- made	recommendations	for	candidates	as	Directors	of	the	Company
- made	recommendations	to	the	Board	on	the	re-appointment	of	Directors	who	are	subject	to	retirement	from	office	by rotation at the first annual general meeting of the Company

The composition of the Nomination Committee and attendance of the members of the Nomination Committee at the nomination committee meetings are set out below:

| Members of the Nomination Committee  Attendance/  Number of  Meetings  Mr. Tan Chee Beng  1  Mr. Wee Chorng Kien  1  Mr. Leung Kee Wai  1   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Nomination Policy

The nomination policy of the Group (the ' Nomination Policy ') has been in place during FY2022. The Nomination Policy sets out the key selection criteria, procedures and principles adopted by the Nomination Committee in nominating suitable candidates to the Board.

<!-- image -->

## BOARD COMMITTEES (CONTINUED)

## Procedure

- To	fill	a	casual	vacancy,	the	Nomination	Committee	shall	propose	candidates	for	the	Board's	consideration	and	approval, evaluating the balance of skills, knowledge, experience and characteristics of the Board and identifying any special requirements for the vacancy (i.e. independence status in the case of an independent non-executive Director)
- Prepare	a	description	of	the	role	and	capabilities	required	for	the	particular	vacancy
- Identify	a	list	of	candidates	through	personal	contacts/recommendations	by	Board	members,	senior	management, business partners or investors
- Arrange	interview(s)	with	each	candidate	for	the	Nomination	Committee	to	evaluate	whether	he	or	she	meets	the	criteria adopted by the Nomination Committee for nomination of directors
- Conduct	verification	on	the	information	provided	by	the	candidate
- Convene	a	Nomination	Committee	meeting	to	discuss	and	vote	on	which	candidate(s)	to	nominate	to	the	Board
- Make	recommendations	to	the	Board	on	the	candidate(s)	for	directorship	and/or	for	senior	management
- Convene	a	Board	Meeting	to	discuss	and	vote	on	which	candidate(s)	to	appoint	to	the	Board

## Criteria for Nomination of Directors

## 1 Common Criteria for all Directors

The factors which would be used as a reference by the Nomination Committee in assessing the suitability of a proposed candidate to be a Director include, inter alia:

- Character	and	integrity
- Professional	qualifications,	skills	and	knowledge
- Willingness	to	devote	adequate	time	to	discharge	duties	as	a	Board	member	and	other	directorships	and	significant commitments
- Relevant	experience,	including	experience	at	the	strategy/policy	setting	level,	high	level	managerial	experience	in	a complex organization, industry experience and familiarity with the products and processes used by the Company

•

- Significant	business	or	public	experience	relevant	and	beneficial	to	the	Board	and	the	Company

## BOARD COMMITTEES (CONTINUED)

## Criteria for Nomination of Directors (Continued)

## 2 Criteria applicable to non-executive Directors/INEDs

The factors which would be used as a reference by the Nomination Committee in assessing the suitability of a proposed candidate to be a non-executive Director or INED include, inter alia:

- Willingness	and	ability	to	make	a	sufficient	time	commitment	to	the	affairs	of	the	Company	in	order	to	effectively perform the duties of a director, including attendance at and active participation in the Board and committee meetings
- Accomplishments	of	the	candidate	in	his/her	field
- Outstanding	professional	and	personal	reputation
- The	candidate's	ability	to	meet	the	independence	criteria	for	director	established	in	the	Listing	Rules

The nominated candidate(s) shall not assume that he/she has been proposed by the Board to stand for election at the general meeting of the Company until a circular to the Shareholders is issued.

In order to provide information of the candidate(s) nominated by the Board to stand for election at a general meeting of the Company, the Company will issue a circular to the Shareholders stating the candidate' s name, resume (including qualifications and relevant experience), proposed remuneration and other information required in accordance with the applicable laws, rules and regulations.

The Company recognizes and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board to enhance the quality of its performance and sees increasing diversity at the Board level as an essential element in supporting its sustainable development. All Board appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board and also the needs of the Board without focusing on a single diversity aspect.

The following shall be lodged at the head office of the Company at 21 Tuas South Street 7, Singapore 637111 or at the registered office of the Company at Windward 3, Regatta Office Park, PO Box 1350, Grand Cayman KY1-1108, Cayman Islands:

- a	notice	in	writing	by	the	shareholder(s)	indicating	the	intention	to	propose	a	person	for	election	as	a	Director;	and
- a	notice	in	writing	by	the	person	proposed	by	the	shareholder(s)	for	election	as	a	Director	indicating	his/her	willingness	to be elected.

The period for lodgment of such notices will commence no earlier than the day after the despatch of the notice of the general meeting appointed for such election and end no later than seven days prior to the date of such general meeting and the minimum length of the period during which such notices may be given will be at least seven days.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)

## BOARD COMMITTEES (CONTINUED)

## Board Diversity Policy

The Company has adopted a board diversity policy, which sets out the approach to achieve sustainable and balanced development of the Company. In designing the Board's composition, Board diversity has been considered from a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge, length of service and any other factors that the Board may consider relevant and applicable from time to time. Selection of candidates will be based on the nomination policy of the Company. The ultimate decision is based on the merit and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board, having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board and also the needs of the Board without focusing on a single diversity aspect only.

The Nomination Committee is delegated by the Board to review the Board Diversity Policy on a regular basis, make recommendations on measurable objectives for achieving diversity of the Board as appropriate and monitor the progress on achieving the objectives. The Nomination Committee has also adopted specific procedures for nomination and appointment of director to the Board.

## Remuneration Committee

The Remuneration Committee consists of two executive Directors, being Mr. Tan Chee Beng and Ms. Tang Ling Ling, and three independent non-executive Directors, being Mr. Leung Yau Wan John (Committee Chairman), Mr. Wee Chorng Kien and Mr. Leung Kee Wai.

The terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee is available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

The principal duties of the Remuneration Committee include the following:

- (a) making recommendations to the Board on the Company's policy and structure for all remuneration of Directors and senior management;
- (b) assessing the performance of executive directors and approving the terms of executive directors' service contracts; and
- (c) reviewing and approving the management's remuneration proposals with reference to corporate goals and objectives resolved by the Board from time to time.

## BOARD COMMITTEES (CONTINUED)

## Remuneration Committee (Continued)

According to the terms of reference of the Remuneration committee, the members of the Remuneration Committee should meet at least once a year. The Company held one meeting during FY2022. The composition of the Remuneration Committee and attendance of the members of the Remuneration Committee at the remuneration committee meetings are set out below:

| Members of the Remuneration Committee  Attendance/  Number of  Meetings  Mr. Leung Yau Wan John  1  Mr. Tan Chee Beng  1  Ms. Tang Ling Ling  1  Mr. Wee Chorng Kien  1  Mr. Leung Kee Wai  1   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The major work performed by the Remuneration for FY2022 is summarized below:

- reviewed	the	2022	performance/discretionary	bonus	to	the	executive	Directors	and/or	senior	management;
- determined	the	remuneration	packages	of	all	executive	Directors	and	senior	management,	according	to	each	individual director's performance including benefits in kind, pension rights and compensation payments, including any compensation payable for loss or termination of their office or appointment and make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors; and
- reviewed	the	remuneration	packages	for	the	executive	Directors,	senior	management	and	other	employees	of	the	Group for the year commencing from 1 January 2023 with reference to the time and efforts involved in discharging their duties and the prevailing market conditions.

Pursuant to code provision B.1.5 of the CG Code, the remuneration of the members of the senior management by band for FY2022 was within the following band:

| Number of  Individuals  HK$0-HK$1,000,000  3   |
|------------------------------------------------|

Further particulars in relation to Directors' remuneration and the five highest paid employees as required to be disclosed pursuant to Appendix 16 to the Listing Rules are set out in Notes 8(c) and 9(a) respectively to the consolidated financial statements.

<!-- image -->

## AUDITOR'S REMUNERATION

The remuneration paid to the external auditor of the Company, McMillan Woods (Hong Kong) CPA Limited, in respect of audit services provided to the Group during FY2022 was analysed below:

| ## Services Category  Fees paid/  payable  S$  ## Audit Services  - Statutory Audit  128,262   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing, with support from the accounting department, the consolidated financial statements for FY2022, which give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group. In preparing the consolidated financial statements for FY2022, the requirements of the International Financial Reporting Standards and the applicable disclosure requirements of the Listing Rules and the Companies Ordinance were complied with.

The financial statements were prepared on a going concern basis. The Directors, having made appropriate enquiries, are of the view that the Group has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future and that, for this reason, it is appropriate for the Group to adopt the going concern basis for preparing the financial statements. The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt upon the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.

The reporting responsibilities of the Company's external auditor, McMillan Woods (Hong Kong) CPA Limited, are set out in the Independent Auditor's Report on pages 49 to 54.

## INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT

The Board acknowledges its duty to monitor the risk management and internal control systems of the Group on an ongoing basis and review their effectiveness.

The Group has established a risk management policy which sets out the process of identification, evaluation and management of the principal risks affecting the business at three levels.

Each division of the Group is required to set up appropriate risk management strategies based on the risks identified, propose risk mitigation plans and its implementation. Any material deficiencies or risks identified are reported by the manager of the relevant department to the internal audit department for further investigation, internal control review and enhancement and supervision.

The second level involves the active role of the internal audit department, which is responsible for overseeing the Group's risk management and internal control activities. The internal audit department supervises the individual divisions to ensure principal risks are properly managed and identify and document new or emerging risks. Any new or imminent risks identified are escalated by the internal audit department to the Audit Committee, who in turn makes recommendations to the Board.

Finally, the highest level involves decision-making by the Board, who is responsible for reviewing and approving the risk mitigation procedures recommended and the effectiveness and adequacy of the Group's risk management and internal control systems. The relevant personnel at these three levels frequently communicate to ensure accurate information is shared between all parties.

During FY2022, the internal audit department has examined key issues in relation to the accounting practices and all material controls and provided its findings and recommendations for improvement to the Audit Committee. The Board, as supported by the Audit Committee, as well as the individual divisions and internal audit department, reviewed the risk management and internal control systems, including the financial, operational and compliance controls, during FY2022, and considered that such systems are effective and adequate.

The review covered the documentation, testing and assessment of the effectiveness of the procedures, systems and controls established by the Group including various operational cycles of the Group such as the revenue and receipts, purchases and payments, project management, fixed assets and capital expenditure management, financial reporting and industrial safety and environmental protection, as well as the corporate governance practice of the Group. Based on the review and procedures conducted and the review by the Audit Committee and the review report of the internal audit department of the Company, the Board were of the view that the Group's risk management and internal control systems were effective and adequate for the financial year ended 31 December 2022. However, it should be noted such systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)

## HANDLING AND DISSEMINATION OF INSIDE INFORMATION

The Group acknowledges its responsibilities under the provisions of Part XIVA of SFO and the Listing Rules relating to the disclosure of inside information to the public. Any inside information and any information, which may potentially constitute inside information is promptly identified, assessed and escalated to the Board for its determination on the need for disclosure. Inside information and other information which are required to be disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules will be announced on the respective websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

The Company has adopted the Model Code to the Listing Rules as its own code of conduct regarding Directors' securities transactions. Other employees of the Group who are likely to be in possession of inside information of the Company are also subject to the dealing restrictions. The Company has set restrictions for its Directors and relevant employees of the Group from dealing in the securities of the Company during 'closed periods' and 'prohibited periods' and from the unauthorized use of confidential or inside information for the advantage of oneself or others.

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr. Wong Chi Wai was appointed as company secretary on 23 April 2021. The primary corporate contact person in the Company with whom Mr. Wong Chi Wai has been contacting in respect of company secretarial matters is Ms. Tang Ling Ling, the executive Director of the Company.

## SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHTS

The general meetings of the Company provide an opportunity for communication between the shareholders and the Company. An annual general meeting of the Company is expected to be held in each year and at the place as may be determined by the Board. Each general meeting, other than an annual general meeting, shall be called an extraordinary general meeting (' EGM '). Shareholders are encouraged to participate in EGMs or to appoint proxies to attend and vote at meetings for and on their behalf if they are unable to attend the meetings.

The Company values communication with the shareholders. Effective and timely dissemination of information to shareholders and the investment community shall be ensured at all times. To safeguard shareholder interests and rights, a separate resolution should be proposed for each substantially separate issue at general meetings, including but not limited to the election of individual Director. In accordance with Listing Rules' requirement, all resolutions put forward at general meetings shall be voted on by poll and poll results shall be posted on the websites of the Company and of the Stock Exchange after each general meeting.

## SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHTS (CONTINUED)

## Convening an Extraordinary General Meeting and Putting Forward Proposals at General Meetings

Pursuant to article 64 of the Articles, EGMs shall be convened on the requisition of one or more shareholders holding, at the date of deposit of the requisition, not less than one tenth of the paid up capital of the Company having the right of voting at general meetings. Such requisition shall be made in writing to the Board or the Company Secretary by mail to 12/F., Ruttonjee House, Ruttonjee Centre, 11 Duddell Street, Central, Hong Kong for the purpose of requiring an EGM to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition.

The requisition must clearly state the name of the requisitionist(s) concerned, his/her/their shareholding the Company, the reason(s) to convene an EGM and the agenda of the EGM, including the details of the business proposed to be transacted at the EGM. The requisition must be signed by the requisitionist(s) concerned together with a deposit of a sum of money reasonably sufficient to meet the Company's expenses for the said purposes.

Such requisition shall be made in writing to the Board or the Company Secretary for the purpose of requiring an EGM to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition.

Such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.

Shareholders who propose new resolutions at the general meetings can also follow the above procedures.

## Putting Forward Enquiries to the Board

For putting forward any enquiries to the Board of the Company, shareholders may send written enquiries to the Company, contact details of which are provided below. The Company will not normally deal with verbal or anonymous enquiries. Shareholders and the investment community may at any time submit a request for information on the Company to the extent such information is public available.

## Contact Details

Shareholders may send their enquiries or requests as mentioned above to the following:

Address:

21 Tuas South Street 7 Singapore 637111 (marked for the attention of the Board of Directors or the Company Secretary)

Email:

info@bsm.com.sg

Enquiry line

+65 6288 1280

For the avoidance of doubt, shareholder(s) must deposit and send the original duly signed written requisition, notice or statement, or enquiry (as the case may be) to the above address and provide their full name, contact details and identification in order to give effect thereto. Shareholders' information may be disclosed as required by law.

<!-- image -->

## COMMUNICATION WITH THE SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS

The Company considers that effective communication with shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations and investor understanding of the Group's business performance and strategies. The Company also recognises the importance of transparency and timely disclosure of corporate information, which will enable shareholders and investors to make the best investment decisions.

The Company has established a range of communication channels between itself and its shareholders, investors and other stakeholders. These include the annual general meeting, general meeting, the annual report, interim report and quarterly reports (if any) , notices, announcements and circulars that are available on the Stock Exchanges website (  www.hkex.com.hk  ) and the Company's website (  http://www.bsm.com.sg/  ).

The general meetings of the Company provide a forum for communication between the Board and the shareholders. The Chairman of the Board as well as chairmen of the Nomination Committee, Remuneration Committee and Audit Committee or, in their absence, other members of the respective committees are available to answer questions at shareholder meetings.

The AGM of the Company will be held on 1 June 2023. The notice of AGM will be sent to shareholders at least 20 clear business days before the AGM.

## CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

Pursuant to written resolutions of the shareholders passed on 15 October 2019, the Articles of the Company were adopted.

During the FY2022, the Company has not made any changes to its Articles. An up to date version of the Company's Articles is also available on the website of the Company at http://www.bsm.com.sg and the website of the Stock Exchange at www.hkex.com.hk  .

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

<!-- image -->

To the Members of Beng Soon Machinery Holdings Limited (incorporated in the Cayman Island with limited liability)

## OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Beng Soon Machinery Holdings Limited (the 'Company') and its subsidiaries (the 'Group') set out on pages 55 to 114, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2022, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ('IFRSs') issued by International Accounting Standards Board ('IASB') and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

## BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing ('ISAs'). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants ('IESBA Code'), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the IESBA Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)

Key audit matter identified in our audit is related to revenue recognition of demolition service projects.

## Key Audit Matter

Revenue recognition of demolition services projects

Refer to Notes 2.8 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements.

We focused on auditing the recognition of revenue from the demolition service projects because it involves a high degree of estimation uncertainty in relation to the following:

## (a) Transaction price of demolition service Projects

Demolition service projects of the Group included variable considerations in the form of (i) expected proceeds from disposal of salvage materials removed from the demolition sites to third party salvage materials buyers and (ii) expected earth disposal proceeds from earth providers for depositing earth at demolition sites for landfilling purpose.

In connection with the two types of aforesaid variable considerations, management makes significant judgement when estimating the quantities of salvage materials to be disposed, the earth to be deposited at the sites and the expected price.

## How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Our procedures performed in relation to management's judgement on recognition of revenue from demolition service projects included:

We obtained an understanding of the management's internal control  and  assessment process of determining the transaction price and progress measurement for revenue recognition of the demolition service projects and assessed the inherent risk of material misstatement by considering the degree of estimation uncertainty and level of other inherent risk factors such as complexity, subjectivity, changes and susceptibility to management bias or fraud.

We evaluated and tested the relevant key controls on a sample basis, around the revenue recognition process with particular focus on, but not limited to, controls over cost budgeting and periodic review of estimated total contract costs and contract sum.

We also selected a number of demolition service projects on a sample basis and performed the audit procedures below, including:

- Inspected	the	signed	contracts	and	correspondence	with the customers and subcontractors to obtain audit evidence on the contract sum and terms, claims with customers and sub-contractors;
- Tested	the	actual	contract	costs	incurred	during	the reporting period by tracing to supporting documents;

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)

| Key Audit Matter  ## How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter  ## (b)  Measurement on progress  Project progress is determined based on proportion of actual costs of work performed to date as compared to total  budgeted  costs  of  demolition,  in  which management makes significant judgement when estimating the costs to be incurred for the project, including depreciation of machinery and equipment, labour costs, sub-contractor charges and other consumables.  Due to the significant management judgements and estimates involved in revenue recognition and significant audit efforts spent to address them, we considered this as a key audit matter.  - Assessed	the	effectiveness	of	management's	estimation process on the total budgeted costs of demolition by comparing estimates of cost to be incurred with completed projects of similar nature, understanding with project teams about the basis of allocation of budgeted costs;  - Assessed	the	progress	against	contractual	timeline	for delays and the need for provision for liquidated damages;  - Discussed	with	management	and	the	respective	project teams and conducted site visits for major sites in progress to understand the progress of the projects;  - Assessed	the	effectiveness	of	management's	estimation process on the estimated variable considerations by comparing estimates of prior period projects' variation considerations with actual sales transactions for both price and quantities of salvage materials and landfilling;  - Tested	samples	of	subsequent	sales	from	disposal	of salvage materials and landfilling by tracing to invoices to salvage material buyers and earth providers to assess the reasonableness of management's estimation of the variable considerations; and  - Tested	the	project	progress	based	on	the	actual	costs	of work performed to date and the total budgeted costs, and recalculated the revenue recognised based on the project progress and latest estimated total proceeds of the project.   |
|---|

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## OTHER INFORMATION

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND AUDIT COMMITTEE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with IFRSs and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Audit Committee and the directors are responsible for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify	and	assess	the	risks	of	material	misstatement	of	the	consolidated	financial	statements,	whether	due	to	fraud	or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- Obtain	an	understanding	of	internal	control	relevant	to	the	audit	in	order	to	design	audit	procedures	that	are	appropriate	in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- Evaluate	the	appropriateness	of	accounting	policies	used	and	the	reasonableness	of	accounting	estimates	and	related disclosures made by the directors.
- Conclude	on	the	appropriateness	of	the	directors'	use	of	the	going	concern	basis	of	accounting	and,	based	on	the	audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate	the	overall	presentation,	structure	and	content	of	the	consolidated	financial	statements,	including	the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- Obtain	sufficient	appropriate	audit	evidence	regarding	the	financial	information	of	the	entities	or	business	activities	within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

## McMillan Woods (Hong Kong) CPA Limited

Certified Public Accountants

## XIA, YUNRAN

Audit Engagement Director Practising Certificate Number: P07797

24/F., Siu On Centre, 188 Lockhart Road, Wan Chai, Hong Kong

Hong Kong 31 March 2023

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| Year ended 31 December  2022  2021  Notes  S$  S$  Revenue  6  32,737,560  26,737,409  Cost of sales  8  (23,243,310)  (19,668,022)  Gross profit  9,494,250  7,069,387  Other income  7  316,314  564,301  Other gains - net  7  440,292  254,900  Selling and distribution expenses  8  (192,511)  (209,141)  Administrative expenses  8  (8,649,494)  (7,363,451)  Operating profit  1,408,851  315,996  Finance costs  10  (278,300)  (283,693)  Profit before income tax  1,130,551  32,303  Income tax  11  (610,734)  -  Profit after income tax  519,817  32,303  Other comprehensive income  Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:  Currency translation differences arising from consolidation  35,347  20,579  Total comprehensive income  555,164  52,882  Profit attributable to:  Equity holders of the Company  524,728  189,789  Non-controlling interests  (4,911)  (157,486)  519,817  32,303  Total comprehensive income attributable to:  Equity holders of the Company  550,645  214,338  Non-controlling interests  4,519  (161,456)  555,164  52,882  Earnings per share (expressed in S$ cent)  Basic and diluted  12  0.05  0.02   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

As at 31 December 2022

| As at 31 December  2022  2021  Notes  S$  S$  Assets  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  14  16,854,887  19,405,197  Intangible assets  15  22,889  32,606  Right-of-use assets  24  7,983,379  8,090,618  Investment property  16  1,965,120  2,009,280  Financial asset at fair value through profit or loss  17  178,355  170,160  27,004,630  29,707,861  Current assets  Contract related assets and costs  6  6,734,709  4,813,682  Deposits paid to customers  6  6,551  16,940  Trade receivables  19  2,737,329  6,148,362  Deposits, prepayments and other receivables  20  240,599  1,408,565  Cash and cash equivalents  21  17,057,563  12,276,901  26,776,751  24,664,450  Total assets  53,781,381  54,372,311  Equity attributable to equity holders of the Company  Share capital  26  1,742,159  1,742,159  Other reserves  21,690,419  21,664,502  Retained earnings  16,629,794  16,105,066  40,062,372  39,511,727  Non-controlling interests  (193,674)  (198,193)  Total equity  39,868,698  39,313,534   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (CONTINUED)

## As at 31 December 2022

| As at 31 December  2022  2021  Notes  S$  S$  Liabilities  Non-current liabilities  Borrowings  23  97,510  682,574  Lease liabilities  24  8,305,374  8,755,589  Deferred income tax liabilities  25  610,734  -  9,013,618  9,438,163  Current liabilities  Trade and other payables  22  3,510,865  4,361,814  Borrowings  23  585,064  585,064  Lease liabilities  24  803,136  673,736  4,899,065  5,620,614  Total liabilities  13,912,683  15,058,777  Total equity and liabilities  53,781,381  54,372,311   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Approved by the Board of Directors on 31 March 2023 and signed on its behalf of:

| Tan Chee Beng Director  Tang Ling Ling Director   |
|---------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| Attributable to equity holders of the Company  Share  capital  Other  reserves  Retained  earnings  Currency  translation  reserve  Non-  controlling  interest  Total  (Note)  S$  S$  S$  S$  S$  S$  At 1 January 2021  1,742,159  21,853,646  15,915,277  (213,693)  (36,737)  39,260,652  Comprehensive income:  Profit and total comprehensive  income for the year  -  -  189,789  -  (157,486)  32,303  Currency translation on  foreign operations  -  -  -  24,549  (3,970)  20,579  At 31 December 2021  1,742,159  21,853,646  16,105,066  (189,144)  (198,193)  39,313,534  At 1 January 2022  1,742,159  21,853,646  16,105,066  (189,144)  (198,193)  39,313,534  Comprehensive income:  Profit and total comprehensive  income for the year  -  -  524,728  -  (4,911)  519,817  Currency translation on  foreign operations  -  -  -  25,917  9,430  35,347  At 31 December 2022  1,742,159  21,853,646  16,629,794  (163,227)  (193,674)  39,868,698   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Other reserves mainly represented the paid-in capital of the subsidiaries acquired and issuance of shares. Details of other reserves are set out in the note 27 to the consolidated financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  S$  S$  Cash generated from operations  29  7,392,945  5,152,065  Interest received  64,266  5,663  Income tax paid  -  (149,348)  Net cash generated from operating activities  7,457,211  5,008,380  Cash flows from investing activities  Purchases of property, plant and equipment  29(c)  (1,380,744)  (329,606)  Payment for right-of-use assets  29(e)  (404,576)  -  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment  29(b)  765,171  470,152  Proceeds from disposal of right-of-use assets  29(d)  -  150,000  Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities  (1,020,149)  290,546  Cash flows from financing activities  Repayments of borrowings  29(a)  (585,064)  (585,064)  Payment for principal elements of lease  29(a)  (799,315)  (1,234,433)  Interest paid  10  (278,300)  (283,693)  Net cash used in financing activities  (1,662,679)  (2,103,190)  Net increase in cash and cash equivalents  4,774,383  3,195,736  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year  12,276,901  9,073,033  Effects of currency translation on cash and cash equivalents  6,279  8,132  Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year  21  17,057,563  12,276,901   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 1 GENERAL INFORMATION

Beng Soon Machinery Holdings Limited (the 'Company') was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 6 April 2018 as an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Law (Cap. 22, Law 3 of 1961 as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands and listed (the 'Listing') on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the 'Stock Exchange') on 8 November 2019 (the 'Listing Date'). The address of the Company's registered office is Windward 3, Regatta Office Park, PO Box 1350, Grand Cayman KY1-1108, Cayman Islands.

The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (together, the 'Group') are principally engaged in the provision of demolition services, sale of inventories and leasing of machinery in Singapore.

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are set out below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the financial years presented, unless otherwise stated.

## 2.1  Basis of preparation

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable International Financial Reporting Standards ('IFRS') issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the 'IASB'). The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, as modified by revaluation of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, which are carried at fair value.

The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the Group's accounting policies. The area involving a higher degree of judgment or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in Note 4.

## (a) New standards, amendments to existing standards, which are effective in 2022 and adopted by the Group

The Group has applied the following new amendments to standards which are effective for the financial period beginning on or after 1 January 2022 and relevant to the Group:

| Amendments to IAS 37  Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract Business Combinations - Reference to the Conceptual Framework Property, Plant and Equipment - Proceeds before Intended Use Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards 2018-2020 Cycle  Amendments to IFRS 3  Amendments to IAS 16  Amendments to IFRSs   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.1  Basis of preparation (Continued)

## (a) New standards, amendments to existing standards, which are effective in 2022 and adopted by the Group (Continued)

The above amendment to standards effective for the financial period beginning on or after 1 January 2022 does not have a material impact on the Group.

## (b) New standards and amendments to existing standards not yet adopted

The following new amendments to existing standards that are relevant to the Group have been published but are not yet effective for the year and have not been early adopted by the Group.

| Effective for  accounting periods  beginning on or after  Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS  Practice Statement 2  Disclosure of Accounting Policies  1 January 2023  Amendments to IAS 8  Definition of Accounting Estimates  1 January 2023  Amendments to IAS 12  Deferred Tax Related to Assets and Liabilities  Arising from a Single Transaction  1 January 2023  Amendments to IFRS 17  Insurance Contracts  1 January 2023  Amendments to IAS 1  Classification of Liabilities as Current or  Non-current  1 January 2024  Amendments to IFRS 10 and  IAS 28  Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor  and its Associate or Joint Venture  To be determined  Amendments to IFRS 16  Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback  1 January 2024   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group has already commenced assessment of the related impact to the Group of the above standards and amendments that are relevant to the Group upon initial application. According to the preliminary assessment made by the directors of the Company, management does not anticipate any significant impact on the Group's financial positions and results of operations.

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.2  Subsidiaries

## 2.2.1  Consolidation

A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured entity) over which the Group has the control. The Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

The Group applies the acquisition method to account for business combinations. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair values of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group. The consideration transferred includes the fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date.

The Group recognises any non-controlling interests in the acquiree on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis. Non-controlling interests in the acquiree that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of the entity's net assets in the event of liquidation are measured at either fair value or the present ownership interests' proportionate share in the recognised amounts of the acquiree's identifiable net assets. All other components of non-controlling interests are measured at their acquisition date fair value, unless another measurement basis is required by IFRS.

Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

The excess of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If the total of consideration transferred, noncontrolling interests recognised and previously held interest measured is less than the fair value of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired in the case of a bargain purchase, the difference is recognised directly in profit or loss.

Intra-group transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between Group companies are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the transferred asset. When necessary, amounts reported by subsidiaries have been adjusted to conform with the Group's accounting policies.

When the Group ceases to have control, any retained interest in the entity is re-measured to its fair value at the date when control is lost, with the change in carrying amount recognised in profit or loss. The fair value is the initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as an associate, joint venture or financial asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in respect of that entity are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by applicable IFRS.

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.3  Segment reporting

Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision-maker (the 'CODM'). The CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the executive directors who make strategic decisions.

## 2.4  Foreign currency translation

## Functional and presentation currency

Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group's entities are measured using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the 'functional currency'). The consolidated financial statements are presented in Singapore dollar ('S$'), which is the functional currency of the principal operating subsidiaries of the Group and Group's presentation currency. The functional currency of the Company is Hong Kong dollar ('HK$').

Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-end-exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in profit or loss.

Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings are recognised in the profit or loss, within finance costs. All other foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in the profit or loss on a net basis within other gains - net.

## 2.5  Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment is stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

Subsequent costs are included in the asset's carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognised. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to the profit or loss during the financial period in which they are incurred.

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.5  Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost over its estimated useful lives, as follows:

| Useful lives  Building  20 years  Plant and machinery, tools and equipment  10 years  Motor vehicles  5 years  Office equipment, furniture and fittings  5 years   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The asset's residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each reporting period.

An asset's carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset's carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.

Gains or losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and are recognised in profit or loss under 'other gains - net'.

## 2.6  Investment property

Investment property which is property held to earn rentals and/or for capital appreciation is measured initially at cost including transaction costs, and subsequently carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses. Depreciation is calculated using a straight-line method to allocate the depreciable amounts over the estimated useful life of 50 years. Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed, and adjusted as appropriate, at the end of each reporting period as a change in estimates.

Investment property may be subject to renovations or improvements at regular intervals. The cost of major renovations and improvements is capitalised as addition and the carrying amounts of the replaced components are written off to profit or loss. The cost of maintenance, repairs and minor improvement is charged to profit or loss when incurred.

An investment property is de-recognised upon disposal or when the investment property is permanently withdrawn from use and no future economic benefits are expected. Any gain or loss arising on the derecognition of the investment property (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset) is included in profit or loss in the period in which the investment property is de-recognised.

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.7  Government grants

Government grants are recognised at their fair value when there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received, and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.

Grants that compensate the Group for expenses incurred are recognised in profit or loss as other income on a systematic basis in the same periods in which the expenses are recognised. When the grant relates to an asset, the fair value is credited to a deferred income account and is released to profit or loss over the expected useful life of the asset.

## 2.8  Revenue recognition

## (i) Demolition services

The Group provides demolition services to customers who are project owners. Demolition services include (i) demolition; (ii) site clearance of salvage materials resulting from demolition; and (iii) landfilling of demolition sites.

Revenue is recognised over time as the project owners simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group as the demolition services are performed. The measure of demolition progress is determined based on the proportion of costs incurred to-date to the estimated total costs for each service.

Costs incurred in providing demolition services include setup and mobilisation cost that are recognised as assets under 'contract related assets and costs' in Note 6(b) when they are expected to be recovered and its amortisation within cost of sales. Otherwise, such costs are recognised as an expense immediately.

Estimates of revenue from demolition services (arising from estimation of proceeds from disposal of salvage materials and proceeds from earth providers for depositing earth), costs or extent of progress toward completion are revised if circumstances change. Any resulting increases or decreases in estimated revenues are reflected in the profit or loss in the period in which the circumstances that give rise to the revision become known by management.

Transaction price of a demolition services project includes net fixed amount received or receivable directly from the project owners and variable considerations in the form of proceeds from (i) disposal of salvage materials removed from the demolition sites to third party salvage materials buyers; and (ii) earth providers for depositing earth at demolition sites for landfilling purpose on behalf of project owners. Accumulated experience and recent market prices are used to estimate the variable consideration to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal will not occur, using the expected value method, to be included in the transaction price.

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.8  Revenue recognition (Continued)

## (i) Demolition services (Continued)

Consideration payable to project owners are accounted for as reduction of transaction price above unless the payment is in exchange for a distinct good or service that the project owner transfers to the Group. Certain contracts require the Group to pay an upfront payment to the project owner at the inception of the contract and that is recognised under 'deposits paid to customers'.

If the value of the services rendered by the Group exceed the net payments received, a contract asset is recognised. If the payments exceed the value of the services rendered, a contract liability is recognised.

Trade receivables and retention are recognised for amounts billed to project owners for services and salvage materials buyers and earth providers. If collection is expected in one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer), they are classified as current assets. If not, they are presented as non-current assets.

## (ii) Sale of inventories

The Group sells inventories of machinery and equipment. Sales are recognised when control of the products has transferred to the customers, being when the products are delivered to the customers, and there is no unfulfilled obligation that could affect the customers' acceptance of the product. Delivery occurs when the products have been shipped to the specific location, the risk of obsolescence and loss have been transferred to the customer, and either the customer has accepted the products in accordance with the sales contract or the Group has objective evidence that all criteria for acceptance have been satisfied.

A trade receivable is recognised when the products are delivered as this is the point in time that the consideration is unconditional because only the passage of time is required before payment is due.

## (iii)  Leasing income

Leasing income from operating leases of machinery and investment property are recognised on a straight-line basis over the terms of the respective leases.

## (iv) Interest income

Interest income is recognised in other income using the effective interest rate method.

## (v) Service income

Revenue from providing services is recognised when the services are rendered.

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.9  Investments in subsidiaries

In the Company's statement of financial position, investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost also includes direct attributable costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividends received and receivable.

Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving dividends received from these investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee's net assets including goodwill.

## 2.10 Impairment of non-financial assets

Goodwill is not subject to amortisation and is tested annually for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired. Other assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset's carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets (cash-generating units). Nonfinancial assets other than goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at the end of each reporting period.

## 2.11 Financial assets

## 2.11.1 Classification

The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

- those	to	be	measured	subsequently	at	fair	value	either	through	other	comprehensive	income	or	through profit or loss, and
- those	to	be	measured	at	amortised	cost.

The classification depends on the entity's business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual terms of the cash flows.

The Group currently only has a keyman insurance contract, a debt instrument which is classified as fair value through profit or loss.

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.11 Financial assets (Continued)

## 2.11.2 Measurement

At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at fair value through profit or loss are expensed in profit or loss.

## Debt instruments held at amortised cost

Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. A gain or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at amortised cost and is not part of a hedging relationship is recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised or impaired. Debt instruments are presented as 'trade receivables', 'deposits and other receivables' and 'cash and cash equivalents' on the consolidated statement of financial position.

## Financial asset at fair value through profit or loss

The Group acquired a keyman insurance contract. The insurance contract is initially recognised at the amount of the premium paid and subsequently carried at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.

Changes in the fair value of financial asset at fair value through profit or loss are recognised in 'other gains net' as applicable.

## 2.11.3 Impairment on financial assets

The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its assets carried at amortised cost and debt investment at fair value through other comprehensive income. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk. Note 3.1(b) details how the Group determines whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.

Expected credit losses are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses (i.e. the present value of all cash shortfalls) over the expected life of the financial assets.

For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by IFRS 9, which requires expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the assets. The provision matrix is determined based on historical observed default rates over the expected life of the trade receivables and contract assets with similar credit risk characteristics and is adjusted for forward-looking estimates. At each reporting date the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed.

Impairment on other receivables are measured as either 12-month expected credit losses or lifetime expected credit losses, depending on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. If a significant increase in credit risk of a receivable has occurred since initial recognition, then impairment is measured as lifetime expected credit losses.

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.11 Financial assets (Continued)

## 2.11.4 Recognition and derecognition

Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade date - the date on which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset.

Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards of ownership.

On disposal of a debt instrument and financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, the difference between the carrying amount and the sale proceeds is recognised in profit or loss.

## 2.12 Offsetting financial instruments

Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the consolidated statement of financial position when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The legally enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the normal course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Group or the counterparty.

## 2.13 Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents presented on the consolidated statement of financial position include cash, which comprises of cash on hand and demand deposits, excluding bank balances that are subject to regulatory restrictions that result in such balances no longer meeting the definition of cash. For the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and cash equivalents as defined above.

## 2.14  Share capital

Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

## 2.15  Trade and other payables

Trade payables are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course of business from suppliers. Trade and other payables are classified as current liabilities if payment is due within one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer). If not, they are presented as non-current liabilities.

Trade and other payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.16 Current and deferred income tax

The tax expense for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in profit or loss, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

## (a) Current income tax

The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at each end of the reporting period date in the countries where the Group operates and generates taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.

## (b) Deferred income tax

## Inside basis differences

Deferred income tax is recognised, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill, the deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by each end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.

Deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.

## Outside basis differences

Deferred income tax liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary differences between the carrying amount and tax bases of investments in foreign operations where the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

## (c) Offsetting

Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income tax assets and liabilities relate to income tax levied by the same taxation authority on either the taxable entity or different taxable entities where there is an intention to settle the balances on a net basis.

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.17  Employee benefits

## (a) Pension obligations

The Group pays contributions to publicly or privately administered pension insurance plans on a mandatory basis. The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions have been paid. The contributions are recognised as employee benefit expense when they are due. Prepaid contributions are recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is available. No forfeited contributions were available to the Group to reduce the existing level of contributions and the Group does not have any defined benefit plans.

## (b) Bonus plans

The expected costs of bonus payment are recognised as a liability when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of services rendered by employees and a reliable estimate of the obligation can be made. Liabilities for bonus plans are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when they are settled.

## (c) Employee leave entitlements

Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. An accrual is made for the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to each end of the reporting period.

Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity or paternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.

## 2.18  Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, and the amount has been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.

Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to anyone item included in the same class of obligations may be small.

Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the obligation. The increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognised as interest expense.

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.19 Contingent liabilities

A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group. It can also be a present obligation arising from past events that is not recognised because it is not probable that outflow of economic resources will be required, or the amount of obligation cannot be measured reliably.

## 2.20 Leases

## (a) Lessor

Leases where the Group retains substantially all risks and rewards incidental to ownership are classified as operating leases. Rental income from operating leases (net of any incentives given to the lessees) is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

Initial direct costs incurred by the Group in negotiating and arranging operating leases are added to the carrying amount of the underlying assets and recognised as an expense in profit or loss over the lease term on the same basis as the lease income.

## (b) Lessee

Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and corresponding liability at the date of which the leased asset is available for use by the Group. Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis.

Lease liabilities include the net present value of the following lease payments, where applicable:

- (a) fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable;
- (b) variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate;
- (c) amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees;
- (d) the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option; and
- (e) payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising that option.

The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease, if that rate can be readily determined, or the Group's incremental borrowing rate. Each lease payment is allocated between the liability and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

<!-- image -->

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.20  Leases (Continued)

## (b) Lessee (Continued)

Right-of-use assets are measured at costs comprising the following, where applicable:

- (a) the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability;
- (b) any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received;
- (c) any initial direct costs; and
- (d) reinstatement costs.

Depreciation of right-of-use asset is calculated using straight line method as follow:

| Land  Over the lease term  Office equipment  Over the lease term  Plant and machinery  10 years  Motor vehicles  5 years   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Payments associated with short-term leases are recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less.

## 2.21 Dividend distribution

Dividend distribution to the shareholders is recognised as a liability in the consolidated financial statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the shareholders or directors, where appropriate.

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.22 Borrowings

Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption amount is recognised in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method. Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the extent that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the draw down occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is capitalised as a prepayment for liquidity services and amortised over the period of the facility to which it relates.

Borrowings are removed from the consolidated statement of financial position when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged, cancelled or expired. The difference between the carrying amount of a financial liability that has been extinguished or transferred to another party and the consideration paid, including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed, is recognised in profit or loss as other income or finance costs.

Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.

## 2.23  Borrowing costs

General and specific borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset are capitalised during the period of time that is required to complete and prepare the asset for its intended use or sale. Qualifying assets are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale.

Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

## 2.24 Intangible asset

The intangible asset represents the direct attributable costs for software. The Group amortises intangible asset with a limited useful life using the straight-line method over 5 years.

## 3 FINANCIAL RISK AND CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT

## 3.1  Financial risk factors

The Group's activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: foreign exchange risk, credit risk, interest rate risk and liquidity risk. The Group's overall risk management procedures focus on the unpredictability of financial markets and seek to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group's financial performance.

## (a) Foreign exchange risk

The Group operates in Singapore and most of its income and expenditures are denominated in S$, being the functional currency of the Company. The Group has exposure to foreign exchange risk as a result of cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, deposits, prepayments and other receivables and trade and other payables denominated in the United States dollar ('USD') and Hong Kong dollar ('HK$') and Renminbi ('RMB').

As at 31 December 2022, should S$ be strengthened/weakened by 4% against USD and HK$ and RMB, with all other variables held constant, the net impact on the Group's post tax profit and the equity would have been approximately S$5,000 (2021: S$177,000) lower/higher for the year ended 31 December 2022 as a result of foreign exchange losses/gain.

The Group's exposure to other foreign exchange movements is not material.

## (b) Credit risk

Credit risk refers to the risk that the counterparty to a financial instrument would fail to discharge its obligation under the terms of the financial instrument and cause a financial loss to the Group. The credit risk of the Group's financial assets, which mainly comprise cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, deposits and other receivables and contract assets, arises from potential default of the counterparties, with a maximum exposure equal to the carrying amounts of these instruments.

## (i) Credit risk of cash and cash equivalents

To manage this risk arising from cash and cash equivalents, they are mainly placed with banks with high credit rating. There has been no recent history of default in relation to these financial institutions. The expected credit loss is close to zero.

## (ii) Credit risk of trade receivables and contract assets

The Group applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables and contract assets.

To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables and contract assets have been grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due. The contract assets relate to unbilled work in progress and have substantially the same risk characteristics as the trade receivables for the same types of contracts. The Group has therefore concluded that the expected loss rates for trade receivables are a reasonable approximation of the loss rates for the contract assets.

## 3 FINANCIAL RISK AND CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

## 3.1  Financial risk factors (Continued)

## (b) Credit risk (Continued)

## (ii) Credit risk of trade receivables and contract assets (continued)

The expected loss rates are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and the corresponding historical credit losses experienced. The historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect current and forwardlooking information on macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the customers to settle the receivables. The Group has identified the relevant industry GDP in which it provides services in to be the most relevant factors, and accordingly adjusts the historical loss rates based on expected changes in these factors.

On that basis, the loss allowance as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 was determined as follows for both trade receivables and contract assets:

| At 31 December 2022  Current  More than  30 days  past due  More than  60 days  past due  More than  120 days  past due  Total  S$  S$  S$  S$  S$  Gross carrying amount - trade receivables  1,746,244  326,793  4,538  365,329  2,442,904  Gross carrying amount - contract assets  6,734,709  -  -  -  6,734,709  Loss allowance  -  -  -  270,234  270,234  Expected loss rate  0%*  0%  0%  74%  At 31 December 2021  Current  More than  30 days  past due  More than  60 days  past due  More than  120 days  past due  Total  S$  S$  S$  S$  S$  Gross carrying amount - trade receivables  3,341,866  1,866,420  18,746  464,126  5,691,158  Gross carrying amount - contract assets  4,813,682  -  -  -  4,813,682  Loss allowance  -  -  -  270,234  270,234  Expected loss rate  0%*  0%  0%  58%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The Group consider the expected credit loss are not material.

## 3 FINANCIAL RISK AND CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

## 3.1  Financial risk factors (Continued)

## (b) Credit risk (Continued)

## (iii) Credit risk of other receivables

Other receivables at the end of the financial year were mainly deposits. The directors of the Company consider the probability of default upon initial recognition of asset and whether there has been significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis. To assess whether there is a significant increase in credit risk the Group compares risk of a default occurring on the assets as at the reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial recognition. Especially the following indicators are incorporated:

- actual	or	expected	significant	adverse	changes	in	business,	financial	economic	conditions	that	are expected to cause a significant change to the third party's ability to meet its obligations;
- actual	or	expected	significant	changes	in	the	operating	results	of	the	third	party;	and
- significant	changes	in	the	expected	performance	and	behavior	of	the	third	party,	including	changes in the payment status of the third party.

Regardless of the analysis above, a significant increase in credit risk is presumed if a debtor is more than 30 days past due in making a contractual payment/repayable demanded.

A default on a financial asset is when the counterparty fails to make contractual payments/repayable demanded within 90 days of when they fall due.

Financial assets are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery, such as a debtor failing to engage in a repayment plan with the Group. The Group categories a loan or receivable for write off when a debtor fails to make contractual payments/repayable demanded greater than 120 days past due. Where loans or receivables have been written off, the Group continues to engage in enforcement activity to attempt to recover the receivable due. Where recoveries are made, these are recognised in profit or loss.

Based on historical experience, majority of the other receivables were settled shortly upon maturity, hence the expected credit loss is immaterial.

The Group reviews regularly the recoverable amount of each individual receivable to ensure that adequate impairment losses are made for irrecoverable amounts. Over the term of the financial assets, the Group accounts for its credit risk by appropriately providing for expected credit losses on a timely basis. In calculating the expected credit loss rates, the Group considers historical loss rates for each category of debtors and adjusts for forward-looking macroeconomic data.

No significant changes to estimation techniques or assumptions were made during the financial year.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 3 FINANCIAL RISK AND CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

## 3.1  Financial risk factors (Continued)

## (c) Interest rate risk

The Group's interest rate risk arises primarily from bank borrowings and cash and cash equivalents placed with creditworthy licensed banks at variable rates which exposes the Group to cash flow interest rate risk.

The Group manages its exposure to interest rate risk by maintaining borrowings at a suitable level.

As at 31 December 2022, if interest rates had been 100 basis points higher/lower with all other variables held constant, the impact on the Group's post tax profit and the equity for the year ended 31 December 2022 would have been approximately S$8,093 (2021: S$12,949) lower/higher.

The sensitivity analysis above has been determined assuming that the change in interest rate had occurred at the end of the financial year and had been applied to the exposure to interest rate risk for the Group's fixed or mix of fixed and floating rate borrowings in existence at that date. The 100 basis points increase or decrease represents management's assessment of a reasonably possible changes in interest rates over the period until the end of the next annual reporting period.

## (d) Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group is unable to meet its current obligations when they fall due. The Group measures and monitors its liquidity through the maintenance of prudent ratios regarding the liquidity structure of the overall assets, liabilities, loans and commitments of the Group. The Group also maintains a conservative level of liquid assets to ensure the availability of sufficient cash flows to meet any unexpected and material cash requirements in the course of ordinary business.

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group complied with all externally imposed loan covenant requirements to which it was subjected to (2021: same).

## 3 FINANCIAL RISK AND CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

## 3.1  Financial risk factors (Continued)

## (d) Liquidity risk (Continued)

The table below analyses the Group's contractual maturity for its financial liabilities. The amounts disclosed in the table have been drawn up with reference to the undiscounted cash flows of the financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. Balances due within 12 months equal their carrying balances as the impact of discounting is not significant.

| On demand  or within  1 year  Between 1  and 2 years  Between 2  and 5 years  Over 5 years  Total  contractual  undiscounted  cashflow  Carrying  amounts  S$  S$  S$  S$  S$  S$  As at 31 December 2022  - Trade and other payables  (excluding statutory liabilities)  2,988,035  -  -  -  2,988,035  2,988,035  - Borrowings  580,461  119,179  -  -  699,640  682,574  - Lease liabilities  1,040,005  892,338  2,162,942  6,721,083  10,816,368  9,108,510  4,608,501  1,011,517  2,162,942  6,721,083  14,504,043  12,779,119  As at 31 December 2021  - Trade and other payables  (excluding statutory liabilities)  3,655,661  -  -  -  3,655,661  3,655,661  - Borrowings  611,710  693,948  -  -  1,305,658  1,267,638  - Lease liabilities  911,486  843,452  2,131,782  7,463,475  11,350,195  9,429,325  5,178,857  1,537,400  2,131,782  7,463,475  16,311,514  14,352,624   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (e) Price risk

The Group's keyman insurance contract is exposed to price risk as it is classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss. As at 31 December 2022, if cash surrender value as defined in the keyman insurance contract had been 5% higher/lower, the impact on the Group's post tax profit and the equity for the year ended 31 December 2022 would have been approximately S$8,918 (2021: S$8,508) higher/lower.

## 3 FINANCIAL RISK AND CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

## 3.2  Capital management

The Group's objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group's ability to continue as a going concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.

The externally imposed capital requirements for the Group are to meet financial covenants attached to the borrowings. Breaches in meeting the financial covenants would permit the bank to immediately cancel, reduce or vary the banking facilities or to demand immediate repayment. There have been no breaches in the financial covenants of borrowings for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

The Group monitors capital on the basis of gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by total capital. Net debt is calculated as total borrowings and lease liabilities less cash and cash equivalents. Total capital is calculated as 'Equity' as shown in the consolidated statement of financial position plus net cash, where applicable.

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Borrowings (Note 23)  682,574  1,267,638  Lease liabilities (Note 24)  9,108,510  9,429,325  Less: Cash and cash equivalents (Note 21)  (17,057,563)  (12,276,901)  Net cash  (7,266,479)  (1,579,938)  Total equity  40,062,372  39,511,727  Total capital  32,795,893  37,931,789  Gearing ratio  N/A  N/A   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3.3  Fair value estimation

The table below analyses the Group's financial instruments carried at fair value by level of inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. Such inputs are categorised into three levels within a fair value hierarchy as follows:

- Quoted	prices	(unadjusted)	in	active	markets	for	identical	assets	or	liabilities	(Level	1).
- Inputs	other	than	quoted	prices	included	within	Level	1	that	are	observable	for	the	asset	or	liability,	either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices) (Level 2).
- Inputs	for	the	asset	or	liability	that	are	not	based	on	observable	market	data	(unobservable	inputs)	(Level	3).

## 3 FINANCIAL RISK AND CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

## 3.3  Fair value estimation (Continued)

| Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  S$  S$  S$  At 31 December 2021  Assets  Financial asset at fair value through profit or loss  - Keyman insurance contract  -  -  170,160  At 31 December 2022  Assets  Financial asset at fair value through profit or loss  - Keyman insurance contract  -  -  178,355   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There were no transfers among Levels 1, 2 and 3 during the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022.

The following table presents the changes in Level 3 instruments:

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Financial asset at fair value through profit or loss  At 1 January  170,160  162,140  Currency exchange differences  3,559  3,632  Fair value gain recognised in profit or loss (Note 7)  4,636  4,388  At 31 December  178,355  170,160   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The fair value of the keyman insurance contract purchased for a key management personnel of the Group is determined based on the cash surrender value, which is primarily based on the performance of the underlying investment portfolio in accordance with the keyman insurance contract which is not an observable input. Management estimates the fair value based on the latest policy quarterly statement of the keyman insurance contract provided by the insurance company. The fair value gain recognised in profit or loss is mainly attributable to the change in unrealized gains or losses relating to Keyman insurance contract held as at 31 December 2022.

The unobservable input is the cash surrender value quoted by the insurance company according to the keyman insurance contract. When the cash surrender value is higher, the fair value of the keyman insurance contract will be higher.

The carrying amounts of the Group's financial assets, including trade receivables, contract assets, deposits and other receivables, and cash and cash equivalents, and financial liabilities, including trade and other payables, borrowings and lease liabilities, approximate their fair values.

## 4 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are addressed below.

## (a) Estimation of transaction prices for demolition service projects

The Group's management estimates the transaction price of each demolition service project based on the management budgets prepared for the demolition service revenue. Transaction price included variable considerations in the form of expected proceeds from disposal of salvage and other materials removed from the demolition sites to third party salvage materials buyers; and expected proceeds from earth disposal from earth providers for depositing earth at demolition sites for landfilling purpose. Accumulated experience and recent market prices are used to estimate the variable consideration. Management conducts periodic review on the management budgets by reviewing the actual amounts earned. Items that are subjected to significant variances that will impact the estimated transaction price of the projects include the changes in estimations of actual salvage materials available for sale, actual price of salvage materials upon sale, and actual earth disposal handling quantity and price sold.

## (b) Measure of progress of demolition service projects

The Group measures its progress and recognises its revenue according to the proportion of actual cost of work performed to date as compared to total budgeted costs of demolition. Due to the nature of the activity undertaken in these projects, the date at which the project activity is entered into and the date when the activity is completed may fall into different accounting periods. Budgeted costs which mainly comprise depreciation of plant and machinery, labour costs, sub-contracting charges and consumables are estimated by management. Management conducts periodic review on the management budgets by reviewing the actual amounts incurred. Items that are subjected to significant variances that will impact the budgeted costs, and hence the measurement of progress, include the changes in estimations of costs to be incurred for depreciation of plant and machinery, labour costs, sub-contracting charges and consumables.

## (c) Allowances for financial assets

The loss allowances for trade and other receivables and contract assets are based on assumptions about risk of default and expected loss rates. The Group uses judgement in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation, based on the Group's past history, existing market conditions as well as forward-looking estimates at the end of financial year. Details are disclosed in the tables in Note 3.

As at 31 December 2022, the carrying amount of trade and other receivables and contract assets are S$2,737,329 (net of allowance for impairments of S$270,234), S$104,768 and S$6,734,709 respectively (2021: S$6,148,362 (net of allowance for impairments of S$270,234), S$45,849 and S$4,813,682 respectively).

## 5 SEGMENT INFORMATION

The CODM has been identified as the executive directors of the Group who reviews the Group's internal reporting in order to assess performance and allocate resources. The CODM has determined the operating segments based on these reports.

The CODM assesses the performance based on a measure of profit after income tax and considers all businesses to be included in a single operating segment.

The Group is principally engaged in the provision of demolition services, sale of inventories and leasing of machinery in Singapore. Information reported to CODM, for the purpose of resources allocation and performance assessment, focuses on the operating results of the Group as whole as the Group's resources are integrated and no discrete operating segment financial information is available. Accordingly, no operating segment information is presented.

Majority of the Group's activities are carried out in Singapore and majority of the Group's assets and liabilities are located in Singapore. Accordingly, there is no analysis by geographical basis.

Revenue are all derived from external project owners in Singapore. During the year ended 31 December 2022, there was 1 project owner (2021: 1 project owner), which individually contributed over 10% of the Group's total revenue. The revenue generated from the demolishing sites from each of these project owners during the financial year are summarise below:

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Customer 1  -  3,748,355  Customer 2  10,491,458  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above represents revenue generated from the demolition sites of relevant project owners in which proceeds are received from project owners as net contract sum, salvage materials buyers from disposal of salvage materials and earth providers from handling earth disposal to the demolition sites.

In terms of proceeds from salvage materials buyers, proceeds from 2 salvage materials buyers (2021: 1 salvage materials buyer) contributed over 10% of the Group's revenue during the year ended 31 December 2022. The proceeds received/ receivable from these salvage material buyers are summarised below:

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Salvage material buyer 1  10,424,831  5,618,763  Salvage material buyer 2  6,344,261  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6 REVENUE

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Revenue from contracts with customers  32,438,515  26,075,181  Others  299,045  662,228  Total revenue  32,737,560  26,737,409   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (a) Disaggregation of revenue

The Group derives its revenue from the transfer of goods and services over time and at a point in time in the following major product lines:

| Provision of  demolition  services  (Note (i))  Others  (Note (ii))  Total  S$  S$  S$  Year ended 31 December 2022:  Timing of revenue recognition  At a point in time  -  105,710  105,710  Over time  32,438,515  193,335  32,631,850  Total  32,438,515  299,045  32,737,560  Year ended 31 December 2021:  Timing of revenue recognition  At a point in time  -  270,734  270,734  Over time  26,075,181  391,494  26,466,675  Total  26,075,181  662,228  26,737,409   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(i)

Revenue from provision of demolition services were derived from undertaking demolition projects which include (i) the net payment directly from the project owners; (ii) the proceeds from disposal of salvage materials removed from the demolition sites to third party salvage materials buyers; and (iii) earth disposal proceeds from earth providers for depositing earth at demolition sites for landfilling purpose.

(ii) Other revenue mainly comprises of other service income for services rendered for site operation management and consultancy service, sales of inventories and rental of machinery.

## 6 REVENUE (CONTINUED)

## (b) Contract related assets and costs

The Group has recognised the following revenue-related contract related assets and costs:

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Contract assets - demolition projects (Note (i))  6,734,709  4,813,682   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (i) Significant changes in contract assets

Due to the higher number of ongoing projects as of 31 December 2022 as compared to 2021, the amount of contract assets increased as of 31 December 2022.

## (ii) Revenue recognised in relation to contract liabilities

No revenue was recognised in relation to the contract liabilities at the beginning of the year and performance obligations satisfied in previous year (2021: Nil).

## (iii)  Unsatisfied long-term contracts

As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, as permitted by IFRS 15, transaction price allocated to unsatisfied contracts with original expected duration of one year or less is not disclosed.

## (c) Deposits paid to customers

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Deposits paid to customers for secured contracts  6,551  16,940   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

This asset is amortised to profit and loss as reduction of revenue simultaneously with the transfer to the customer of the demolition service to which the deposit relates.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 7 OTHER INCOME AND OTHER GAINS - NET

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Other income:  Interest income  64,266  5,663  Government grants (Note a)  228,998  361,629  Rental income from investment property  23,032  24,000  Miscellaneous income (Note b)  18  173,009  Total other income  316,314  564,301  Other gains - net:  Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment  428,886  256,902  Loss on disposal of right-of-use assets  -  (12,542)  Currency exchange gain - net  6,770  6,152  Fair value gain on financial asset at fair value through profit or loss  4,636  4,388  Total other gains - net  440,292  254,900  Total other income and other gains - net  756,606  819,201   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7 OTHER INCOME AND OTHER GAINS - NET (CONTINUED)

Notes:

- (a) Government grants mainly comprised Jobs Growth Incentive ('JGI'), Jobs Support Scheme ('JSS') and Foreign Worker Levy rebates ('FWL') granted to the Group by the Singapore authorities.

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Jobs Growth Incentive ('JGI')  94,871  10,508  Jobs Support Scheme ('JSS')  -  178,481  Foreign Worker Levy rebates ('FWL')  92,850  134,750  Others  41,277  37,890  228,998  361,629   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## JGI

JGI is a scheme introduced by the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore to support employers to expand local hiring from September 2020 to March 2023.

## JSS

JSS was introduced by the Singapore Government in February 2020 to provide relief and assistance to companies amidst the outbreak of Coronavirus ('COVID-19'), with the aim of helping businesses retain their local employees during this period of uncertainty. Under JSS, certain of the Group's subsidiaries (as eligible employers) would receive government grant up to 75% of the gross monthly wage of each local employee (Singapore Citizens and Permanent Residents), subject to a monthly wage cap of S$4,600 per employee. The JSS is intended to provide companies support on wages incurred for the month of April 2020 to June 2021. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group recognised JSS grant of S$178,481.

## FWL

Another scheme to aid companies through the outbreak of the COVID-19 was the waiver of FWL to help companies cut costs and improve their cashflow. For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group recognised FWL rebate of S$92,850 (2021: S$134,750).

The Group do not have unfulfilled conditions and other contingencies attaching to the government grants.

(b) For the year ended 31 December 2021, miscellaneous income mainly represented the refund of agency commission fee from the third party.

## 8 EXPENSES BY NATURE

Expenses included in cost of sales, selling and distribution expenses and administrative expenses are analysed as follows:

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Sub-contractor charges  6,906,035  4,120,797  Transportation expenses  308,608  255,674  Maintenance expenses  1,064,259  686,113  Insurance expenses  258,300  195,839  Raw materials, consumables and other overheads  6,581,792  7,372,563  Employee benefits expenses, including directors' emoluments (Note b)  9,681,369  7,046,116  Depreciation (Notes 14, 16 and 24)  4,480,742  4,688,881  Amortisation of intangible assets (Note 15)  9,717  9,535  Legal and professional fees  296,653  943,291  Auditors' remuneration  128,262  178,370  Expenses relating to short-term leases  1,363,405  779,480  Motor vehicle expenses  85,909  82,116  Utility expenses  137,928  85,988  Others (Note a)  782,336  795,851  Total cost of sales, selling and distributions expenses  and administrative expenses  32,085,315  27,240,614   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(a) Others included marketing and distribution expenses, registration fee, secretarial fee and other miscellaneous expenses, etc.

## 8 EXPENSES BY NATURE (CONTINUED)

Notes: (Continued)

(b)

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Wages, salaries, bonuses and other benefits  9,266,498  6,698,283  Pension costs - defined contribution plans  414,871  347,833  9,681,369  7,046,116  2022  2021  S$  S$  Amount included in:  Cost of sales  3,144,712  2,438,471  Administrative expenses  6,536,657  4,607,645  9,681,369  7,046,116   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group contributes to defined contribution retirement plans which are available for eligible employees in Singapore, Hong Kong and the PRC.

The Group's companies in Singapore participate in the Central Provident Fund Scheme (the 'CPF Scheme') which is registered under Central Provident Fund Act in Singapore for all qualifying employees in Singapore. The Group contributes to the CPF Scheme based on certain percentages of relevant monthly salaries of employees, subject to a certain ceiling, as stipulated by the relevant regulations. The Group has no further payment obligation once the contributions have been paid. The Group's contributions to the CPF Scheme vest fully and immediately with the employees.

The Group's companies in Hong Kong participate in the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (the 'MPF Scheme') which is registered under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance in Hong Kong for all qualifying employees in Hong Kong. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held in a separately administered fund. The Group contributes 5% of relevant monthly salaries of employees with a cap of monthly contributions of HK$1,500 to the MPF Scheme. The Group's contributions to the MPF Scheme vest fully and immediately with the employees.

The Group's company in the PRC participates in defined contribution retirement plans and other employee social security plans including pension, medical, other welfare benefits (the 'Defined Contribution Plans in the PRC'), which are organised and administered by the relevant governmental authorities for all qualifying employees in the PRC. Each of the Group and the employees contribute to these plans based on certain percentages of relevant monthly salaries of employees, subject to a certain ceiling, as stipulated by the relevant regulations. The Group has no further payment obligation once the contributions have been paid. The Group's contributions to the Defined Contribution Plans in the PRC vest fully and immediately with the employees.

During the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022, the Group had no forfeited contributions under the CPF Scheme, MPF Scheme and Defined Contribution Plans in the PRC and which may be used by the Group to reduce the existing level of contributions. There were also no forfeited contributions available at 31 December 2021 and 2022 under the CPF Scheme, MPF Scheme and Defined Contribution Plans in the PRC which may be used by the Group to reduce the contribution payable in future years.

## 8 EXPENSES BY NATURE (CONTINUED)

Notes: (Continued)

## (c) Five highest paid individuals

The five individuals whose remuneration were the highest in the Group include the 3 directors (2021: 3 directors) for the year ended 31 December 2022, whose remuneration are reflected in the analysis presented in Note 9(a) below.

The remuneration paid to the remaining 2 individuals (2021: 2 individuals) for the year ended 31 December 2022 is as follows:

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Wages, salaries, bonuses and other benefits  708,000  447,100  Pension costs - defined contribution plans  24,480  20,760  732,480  467,860   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The emoluments of the remaining 2 individuals (2021: 2 individuals) for the year ended 31 December 2022, fell within the following bands:

| 2022  2021  Emoluments band (in HK$)  Nil to HK$500,000  -  -  HK$500,001-HK$1,000,000  -  1  HK$1,000,001-HK$1,500,000  1  -  HK$1,500,001-HK$2,000,000  -  1  HK$2,000,001-HK$2,500,000  -  -  HK$2,500,001-HK$3,000,000  1  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No incentive payment for joining the Group or compensation for loss of office was paid or payable to any for the five highest paid individuals during the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: Nil).

## 9 BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS

## (a) Directors' emoluments

The remuneration of the directors of the Group paid and payable by the Group for the financial year are set out below:

For the year ended 31 December 2022:

| Name  Fee  Salaries  Discretionary  bonuses*  Allowances  Employer's  contribution  to pension  scheme  Total  S$  S$  S$  S$  S$  S$  Executive directors:  Mr. Tan  31,866  384,000  414,000  102,113  8,160  940,139  Ms. Tang Ling Ling  ('Ms. Tang')  31,866  264,000  604,000  81,690  17,340  998,896  Mr. Tan Wei Leong  ('Mr. Alvin Tan')  31,866  132,000  132,000  81,690  17,340  394,896  Mr. Cheung Kam Fai  31,866  -  -  5,311  -  37,177  Mr. Ngan Kin Fung (Note)  25,227  -  -  -  -  25,227  Independent non-executive  directors:  Mr. Leung Yau Wan John  42,254  -  -  7,042  -  49,296  Mr. Leung Kee Wai  31,866  -  -  5,311  -  37,177  Mr. Wee Chorng Kien  31,866  -  -  5,311  -  37,177  258,677  780,000  1,150,000  288,468  42,840  2,519,985   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Mr. Ngan Kin Fung was appointed as the executive director on 15 March 2022.

<!-- image -->

## 9 BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)

## (a) Directors' emoluments (Continued)

For the year ended 31 December 2021:

| Name  Fee  Salaries  Discretionary  bonuses*  Allowances  Employer's  contribution  to pension  scheme  Total  S$  S$  S$  S$  S$  S$  Executive directors:  Mr. Tan  31,369  334,000  150,000  30,163  7,650  553,182  Ms. Tang Ling Ling  ('Ms. Tang')  31,369  226,000  150,000  25,136  17,340  449,845  Mr. Tan Wei Leong  ('Mr. Alvin Tan')  31,369  100,900  60,000  20,108  18,411  230,788  Mr. Wang Dong Feng (Note 1)  22,220  -  -  1,307  -  23,527  Mr. Cheung Kam Fai (Note 2)  31,369  -  -  3,921  -  35,290  Independent non-executive  directors:  Mr. Leung Yau Wan John  41,594  -  -  5,199  -  46,793  Mr. Leung Kee Wai  31,369  -  -  3,921  -  35,290  Mr. Wee Chorng Kien  31,369  -  -  3,921  -  35,290  252,028  660,900  360,000  93,676  43,401  1,410,005   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note 1: Mr. Wang Dong Feng was resigned as the executive director on 15 September 2021.

Note 2: Mr. Cheung Kam Fai was re-designated from Non-executive Director to Executive Director on 15 September 2021.

* Certain executive directors to the Group are entitle to bonus payments, which are determined based on company's and individual performance.

The remuneration shown above represents remuneration received from the Group by these directors in their capacity as directors (fee portion) and employees (other portion) to the Group and no directors waived any emolument during the years ended 31 December 2022 (2021: none). No director fees were paid to other individuals in their capacity as directors of the Company or the Operating Company and no emoluments were paid by the Company or the Operating Company to the directors as an inducement to join the Company, or as compensation for loss of office during the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: Nil).

## (b) Directors' retirement benefits

No retirement benefits were paid to or receivable by the directors in respect of their services as directors in respect of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: Nil).

## 9 BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)

## (c) Directors' termination benefits

None of the directors received or will receive any termination benefits during the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: Nil).

## (d) Consideration provided to third parties for making available directors' services

The Group did not pay consideration to any third parties for making available directors' services during the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: Nil).

## (e) Information about loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors, controlled bodies corporate by and connected entities with such directors

There are no loans and other dealing arrangements in favour of directors, or controlled bodies corporate by and connected entities with such directors during the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: none).

## (f) Directors' material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts

No significant arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group's business to which the Group was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly to indirectly, subsisted at the end of the financial year (2021: same).

## 10  FINANCE COSTS

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Interest expenses on:  - Bank borrowings  32,325  31,614  - Lease liabilities  245,975  252,079  278,300  283,693   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 11  INCOME TAX

Singapore income tax has been provided for at the rate of 17% (2021: 17%) on the estimated assessable profit for the year ended 31 December 2022.

No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax is required as the Group has no assessable profits for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

## (a) Income tax

The amount of income tax charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income represents:

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Current income tax  - Singapore  -  -  Deferred income tax (Note 25)  - Singapore  610,734  -  Income tax  610,734  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The tax on the Group's profit before income tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the enacted tax rate as follows:

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Profit before income tax  1,130,551  32,303  Tax calculated at a tax rate of 17%  192,194  5,492  Expenses not deductible for tax purposes  965,606  99,485  Income not subject to tax  (89,700)  (72,600)  Tax loss of which no deferred tax recognised  (457,366)  (32,377)  Income tax  610,734  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 11  INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)

## (b) Movement in current income tax liabilities

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  At 1 January  -  149,348  Tax paid  -  (149,348)  Credited to profit or loss  -  -  At 31 December  -  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12.  EARNINGS PER SHARE

The basic earnings per share is calculated on the profit attributable to equity holders of the Company by the weighted average number of shares in issue.

| 2022  2021  Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company (S$)  524,728  189,789  Weighted average number of shares in issue  1,000,000,000  1,000,000,000  Basic earnings per share (S$ cent)  0.05  0.02   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended 31 December 2022, diluted earnings per share is equal to basic earnings per share as there was no dilutive potential share outstanding (2021: same).

## 13. DIVIDENDS

No dividends had been paid or declared by the Company for the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: Nil).

## 14  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| Building  Plant and  machinery  Motor  vehicles  Office  equipment,  furniture  and fittings  Total  S$  S$  S$  S$  S$  At 1 January 2021  Cost  8,418,077  42,952,734  3,084,731  161,870  54,617,412  Accumulated depreciation  (2,490,348)  (27,192,294)  (2,575,167)  (131,704)  (32,389,513)  Net book amount  5,927,729  15,760,440  509,564  30,166  22,227,899  Year ended 31 December 2021  Opening net book amount  5,927,729  15,760,440  509,564  30,166  22,227,899  Additions  -  297,500  -  32,106  329,606  Transfer from right-of-use assets  -  971,217  30,418  -  1,001,635  Disposals (Note 29(b))  -  (213,250)  -  -  (213,250)  Depreciation  (420,904)  (3,215,107)  (293,473)  (11,209)  (3,940,693)  Closing net book amount  5,506,825  13,600,800  246,509  51,063  19,405,197  At 31 December 2021  Cost  8,418,077  43,823,434  2,734,158  193,976  55,169,645  Accumulated depreciation  (2,911,252)  (30,222,634)  (2,487,649)  (142,913)  (35,764,448)  Net book amount  5,506,825  13,600,800  246,509  51,063  19,405,197  At 1 January 2022  Cost  8,418,077  43,823,434  2,734,158  193,976  55,169,645  Accumulated depreciation  (2,911,252)  (30,222,634)  (2,487,649)  (142,913)  (35,764,448)  Net book amount  5,506,825  13,600,800  246,509  51,063  19,405,197  Year ended 31 December 2022  Opening net book amount  5,506,825  13,600,800  246,509  51,063  19,405,197  Additions  -  1,354,242  -  26,502  1,380,744  Transfer from right-of-use assets  -  -  68,278  -  68,278  Disposals (Note 29(b))  -  (318,649)  (17,636)  -  (336,285)  Depreciation  (420,904)  (3,066,924)  (158,115)  (17,104)  (3,663,047)  Closing net book amount  5,085,921  11,569,469  139,036  60,461  16,854,887  At 31 December 2022  Cost  8,418,077  42,864,846  2,437,254  220,478  53,940,655  Accumulated depreciation  (3,332,156)  (31,295,377)  (2,298,218)  (160,017)  (37,085,768)  Net book amount  5,085,921  11,569,469  139,036  60,461  16,854,887   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)

Depreciation expense is presented in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income as follows:

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Cost of sales  3,066,924  3,215,107  Administrative expenses  596,123  725,586  3,663,047  3,940,693   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Building with a carrying amount of S$5,085,921 (2021: S$5,506,825) was mortgaged to the bank borrowing (Note 23) for the year ended 31 December 2022.

Leasing income amounting to S$193,335 (2021: S$242,601) relating to lease out the idle plant and machinery, for the year ended 31 December 2022, are included in revenue.

## 15  INTANGIBLE ASSETS

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Cost  Beginning and end of financial year  43,765  43,765  Accumulated amortisation  Beginning of financial year  (11,159)  (1,624)  Amortisation charge  (9,717)  (9,535)  End of financial year  (20,876)  (11,159)  Net book value at the end of financial year  22,889  32,606   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The intangible assets mainly included costs of technical service and software service. The average remaining amortisation period of the technical service and software service are 2.8 years (2021: 3.8 years) and Nil (2021: Nil).

## 16  INVESTMENT PROPERTY

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Beginning and end of financial year  2,208,000  2,208,000  Accumulated depreciation  Beginning of financial year  198,720  154,560  Depreciation charge  44,160  44,160  End of financial year  242,880  198,720  Net book amount  1,965,120  2,009,280  Fair values  2,500,000  2,100,000   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Investment property relates to a medical facility unit located in Singapore with a lease term of over 50 years. It is intended for rental or capital appreciation.

Depreciation expense of S$44,160 (2021: S$44,160) for the years ended 31 December 2022 has been recorded in administrative expenses.

## Valuation techniques used to derive Level 3 fair values

Level 3 fair values of the investment property have been derived using the sales comparison approach. Sale prices of comparable properties in close proximity are adjusted for differences in key attributes such as property size. The most significant input into this valuation approach is selling price per square meter ranged from S$46,000 to S$70,000 (2021: S$49,000 to S$50,000). A significant increase in the selling price per square meter used would result in significant increase in fair value.

## Valuation process of the Group

The Group has engaged an independent professional valuer to determine the fair value of the investment property at the end of the financial year using the sales comparison approach (2021: same). As at 31 December 2022, the fair value of the investment property was S$2,500,000 (2021: S$2,100,000). No impairment loss was recognised in 2022 (2021: Nil).

Income and expenses charged to profit or loss during the year are as follow:

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Rental income (Note 7)  23,032  24,000  Direct operating expenses arising from investment property  (13,028)  (15,437)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group leased out the unit under operating lease for rental income monthly. The lease typically run for an initial period of one year (2021: one year).

## 17  FINANCIAL ASSET AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Unlisted investment - Keyman insurance contract  178,355  170,160   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The keyman insurance contract relates to an insurance policy insured for Mr. Alvin Tan, a director of the Company. The keyman insurance contract is denominated in US$.

The change in fair value of other investment during the year is recorded in 'other gains-net' in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income (Note 7).

As at 31 December 2022, the fair value of the keyman insurance contract was estimated by making reference to the cash surrender value set out in the keyman insurance contract (2021: same).

The fair value estimation is set out on Note 3.3 to the consolidated financial statement.

## 18  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

The Group's financial instruments include the following:

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Financial assets:  Financial asset at fair value through profit or loss  178,355  170,160  Financial assets at amortised cost:  - Trade receivables  2,737,329  6,148,362  - Deposits and other receivables  228,248  1,255,547  - Cash and cash equivalents  17,057,563  12,276,901  20,201,495  19,850,970  Financial liabilities:  Financial liabilities at amortised cost:  - Trade and other payables (excluding statutory liabilities)  2,988,035  3,655,661  - Borrowings  682,574  1,267,638  - Lease liabilities  9,108,510  9,429,325  12,779,119  14,352,624   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 19  TRADE RECEIVABLES

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Trade receivables from third parties  2,442,904  5,691,158  Less: allowance for impairment of trade receivables  (270,234)  (270,234)  2,172,670  5,420,924  Retentions  564,659  727,438  2,737,329  6,148,362   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group normally grants credit terms of 30 days. The Group does not hold any collateral as security.

The aging analysis of the trade receivables, based on invoice date, are as follows:

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Below 30 days  2,310,903  3,799,070  31-60 days  320,106  1,866,420  61-90 days  6,687  18,746  91-120 days  4,538  -  Over 120 days  95,095  464,126  2,737,329  6,148,362   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 31 December 2022, the carrying amounts of trade receivables approximate their fair values (2021: same).

Movements in the provision for impairment of the trade receivables are as follows:

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  At 1 January  270,234  270,234  Allowance for impairment of receivables recognised during the year  -  -  At 31 December  270,234  270,234   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 19  TRADE RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

The debtors are primarily reputable project owners and salvage material buyers and with long history of business relationship. Management considers the credit risk is not high. The Group maintains frequent communications with the counterparties. Management has closely monitored the credit qualities and the collectability of these receivables and consider that the expected credit risks of them are minimal in view of the history of cooperation with them, taking into account the current and forward-looking information. The expected credit loss rate of trade receivables is close to zero as at 31 December 2022 (2021: same).

The carrying amounts of the Group's trade receivables are denominated in the following currencies:

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  S$  2,682,792  6,093,825  US$  54,537  54,537  2,737,329  6,148,362   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 20  DEPOSITS, PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Other receivables  71,854  27,313  Deposits paid to third parties (Note)  123,480  1,209,698  Staff loans  32,914  18,536  Prepayments  12,351  153,018  240,599  1,408,565   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: In 2021, security secured deposit of S$1,100,000 was placed with the bank for the obligation under a demolition contract with customers due to insufficient banker guarantee line. The amount has been refunded during the year ended 31 December 2022.

## 20  DEPOSITS, PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

As at 31 December 2022, the carrying amounts of staff loan, grant receivable and other receivables approximate their fair values (2021: same).

The carrying amounts of the Group's staff loan, deposits and other receivables are denominated in the following currencies:

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  S$  227,731  1,249,823  HK$  517  5,724  228,248  1,255,547   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 21  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Cash at banks  7,009,797  12,271,901  Cash on hand  5,000  5,000  Unpledged fixed deposits at banks  10,042,766  -  17,057,563  12,276,901   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents are denominated in the following currencies:

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  S$  16,668,148  11,438,257  USD  144,037  115,212  HK$  245,238  723,252  CNY  140  180  17,057,563  12,276,901   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Fixed deposits are placed with licensed banks and mature in 1 to 3 months (2021: Nil). The interest rate for fixed deposits is from 2.8% to 3.85% per annum (2021: Nil).

## 22  TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Trade payables  1,572,269  2,264,421  Accrued expenses  909,153  838,823  Other payables  1,029,443  1,258,570  3,510,865  4,361,814   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The aging analysis of the trade payables, based on invoice date, is as follows:

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Up to 30 days  888,182  1,326,648  31-60 days  538,122  885,258  61-90 days  103,572  52,515  91-120 days  42,393  -  1,572,269  2,264,421   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The carrying amounts of the Group's trade and other payables are denominated in the following currencies:

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  S$  2,896,766  3,703,098  HK$  98,711  171,596  CNY  515,388  487,120  3,510,865  4,361,814   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 23  BORROWINGS

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Non-current  Bank borrowings (secured) (Note)  97,510  682,574  Current  Bank borrowings (secured) (Note)  585,064  585,064  Total borrowings  682,574  1,267,638   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

## Term loan

The term loan is denominated in S$, bears interest at 1.5% per annum (2021: 1.5%). The bank borrowings of S$682,574 (2021: S$1,267,638) is secured by a first legal mortgage on the leasehold building and corporate guarantees.

The fair value of non-current bank borrowings approximated the carrying value of the non-current borrowings at 31 December 2022 as the borrowing bears interest at rates which approximate the current incremental borrowing rate for similar types of lending and borrowing arrangements, which management expects to be available to the Group (2021: same).

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Within 1 year  585,064  585,064  Between 1 and 2 years  97,510  585,064  Between 2 and 5 years  -  97,510  682,574  1,267,638   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 24  LEASES

## (a) Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Right-of-use assets  Land  6,483,814  6,985,674  Office equipment  1,162  6,287  Plant and machinery  581,125  649,183  Motor vehicles  917,278  449,474  7,983,379  8,090,618  Lease liabilities  Current  803,136  673,736  Non-current  8,305,374  8,755,589  9,108,510  9,429,325   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group disposed right-of-use assets with proceeds of S$150,000 resulting in loss on disposal of S$12,542.

The weighted average incremental borrowing rates applied to lease liabilities range from 1.45% to 3.3% (2021: from 1.45% to 2.68%).

## (b) Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets:  Land  501,857  501,858  Office equipment  5,126  5,125  Plant and machinery  68,058  145,975  Motor vehicles  198,494  51,070  773,535  704,028  Interest expense (included in finance costs)  245,975  252,079  Expenses relating to short-term leases  1,363,405  779,480  1,609,380  1,031,559   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The total cash outflow for leases in 2022 was S$2,408,695 (2021: S$2,266,539).

The Group leases land, various office equipment, plant and machinery and motor vehicles. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions.

## 25  DEFERRED INCOME TAX

Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current income tax assets against current income tax liabilities and when the deferred income tax relate to the same fiscal authority.

The Group has unused tax losses of S$4,494,000 (2021: S$6,492,000) at the end of the reporting period which can be carried forward and used to offset against future taxable income subject to meeting certain statutory requirements by those companies with unrecognised tax losses and capital allowances in their respective countries of incorporation. The tax losses and capital allowances have no expiry date.

The movements on the deferred income tax assets and liabilities are as follows:

| Accelerated tax  depreciation  Provisions  Decelerated tax  depreciation  Tax losses  Total  S$  S$  S$  S$  S$  At 1 January 2021  2,472,465  (66,224)  (313,351)  (2,092,890)  -  Charged/(credited) to  profit or loss  (1,726,465)  (17,776)  (20,649)  1,764,890  -  -  128,69  At 31 December 2021  746,000  (84,000)  (334,000)  (328,000)  -  Charged/(credited) to  profit or loss  1,066,505  (2,843)  (16,868)  (436,060)  610,734  At 31 December 2022  1,812,505  (86,843)  (350,868)  (764,060)  610,734   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26  SHARE CAPITAL

The movements of the share capital are as follow:

| Number of  shares  Share capital  HK$  Authorised:  Ordinary shares at HK$0.01 each  As at 31 December 2021 and 2022  10,000,000,000  100,000,000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 26  SHARE CAPITAL (CONTINUED)

| Number of  Shares  Share capital  S$  Issued and fully paid:  As at 1 January 2021, 31 December 2021 and 2022  1,000,000,000  1,742,159   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27  RESERVES

| Other reserves attributable to equity  holders of the Company  Share  Premium  Other  Foreign  currency  translation  Total  (Note)  S$  S$  S$  S$  At 1 January 2021  19,853,646  2,000,000  (213,693)  21,639,953  Currency translation differences arising from consolidation  -  -  24,549  24,549  At 31 December 2021  19,853,646  2,000,000  (189,144)  21,664,502  At 1 January 2022  19,853,646  2,000,000  (189,144)  21,664,502  Currency translation differences arising from consolidation  -  -  25,917  25,917  At 31 December 2022  19,853,646  2,000,000  (163,227)  21,690,419   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Other reserves mainly represented the paid-in capital of the subsidiaries acquired.

<!-- image -->

## 28  RELATED PARTIES TRANSACTIONS

For the purposes of the consolidated financial statements, parties are considered to be related to the Group if the party has the ability, directly or indirectly, to exercise significant influence over the Group in making financial and operating decisions. Related parties may be individuals (being members of key management personnel, significant shareholders and/or their close family members) or other entities and include entities which are under the significant influence of related parties of the Group where those parties are individuals. Parties are also considered to be related if they are subject to common control.

The directors are of the view that the following individuals, aside from those related parties mentioned elsewhere, were related parties that had transactions or balances with the Group:

| Name  Relationship with the Group  Ms. Tan Ling Ting  Daughter of one of the Executive Director  Ms. Tan Ling Ling  Daughter of one of the Executive Director  Ms. Lee  Spouse of one of the Executive Director  Ms. Germaine Angkasa  Spouse of one of the Executive Director   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (a)  Key management compensation

Key management includes executive and non-executive directors and the key management of the Group. The compensation paid or payable to key management for employee services is shown below:

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Salaries, allowances and bonuses  2,919,348  1,657,282  Pension costs - defined contribution plans  88,366  84,663  3,007,714  1,741,945   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 28  RELATED PARTIES TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

## (b) Transaction with other related parties

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Salaries, allowances and bonuses  886,000  585,500  Pension costs - defined contribution plans  60,690  55,590  946,690  641,090   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 29  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Cash flows from operating activities  Profit before income tax  1,130,551  32,303  Adjustments for  - Depreciation of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use  assets and investment property  4,480,742  4,688,881  - Amortisation of intangible assets  9,717  9,535  - Gain on disposals of property, plant and equipment (Note (b))  (428,886)  (256,902)  - Loss on disposals of right-of-use asset  -  12,542  - Fair value gain on financial asset at fair value through profit or loss  (4,636)  (4,388)  - Interest income  (64,266)  (5,663)  - Interest expense  278,300  283,693  - Unrealised loss on foreign exchange  25,511  8,922  Operating cash flow before working capital changes  5,427,033  4,768,923  Changes in working capital:  - Contract related assets and costs  (1,921,027)  594,114  - Deposits paid to customers  10,389  20,070  - Trade receivables  3,411,033  (2,399,541)  - Deposits, prepayments and other receivables  1,167,966  145,211  - Trade and other payables  (702,449)  2,023,288  Cash generated from operations  7,392,945  5,152,065   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 29  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED)

(a) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities:

| Non-cash  changes  1 January  2021  Principal  and  interest  cash flow  Interest  expense  Acquisition  of plant  and  machinery  31 December  2021  S$  S$  S$  S$  S$  Year ended 31 December 2021  Bank borrowings (Note 23)  1,852,702  (616,678)  31,614  -  1,267,638  Lease liabilities (Note 24)  9,515,733  (1,486,512)  252,079  1,148,025  9,429,325  Non-cash  changes  1 January  2022  Principal  and  interest  cash flow  Interest  expense  Acquisition  of plant  and  machinery  31 December  2022  S$  S$  S$  S$  S$  Year ended 31 December 2022  Bank borrowings (Note 23)  1,267,638  (617,389)  32,325  -  682,574  Lease liabilities (Note 24)  9,429,325  (1,045,290)  245,975  478,500  9,108,510   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(b) In the consolidated statement of cash flows, proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment comprise:

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Net book amount of disposed property, plant and equipment (Note 14)  336,285  213,250  Gain on disposals of property, plant and equipment (Note 7)  428,886  256,902  Consideration from sale of property, plant and equipment  765,171  470,152  Total cash proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment  765,171  470,152   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 29  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED)

(c) In the consolidated statement of cash flows, purchases of property, plant and equipment comprise:

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Additions of property, plant and equipment (Notes 14)  1,380,744  329,606  Total cash used to purchase property, plant and equipment  1,380,744  329,606   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(d) In the consolidated statement of cash flows, proceeds from disposals of right-of-use assets comprise:

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Net book amount of disposed right-of-use assets (Notes 24)  -  162,542  Loss on disposals of right-of-use assets (Note 7)  -  (12,542)  Consideration from sale of right-of-use assets  -  150,000  Total cash proceeds from disposals of right-of-use assets  -  150,000   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(e) In the consolidated statement of cash flows, purchases of right-of-use assets comprise:

| 2022  2021  S$  S$  Additions of right-of-use assets  734,576  -  Less: Additions under leases  (330,000)  -  Total cash used to purchase right-of-use assets  404,576  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 30  STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENTS OF THE COMPANY

| 2022  2021  Notes  S$  S$  Assets  Non-current asset  Investments in subsidiaries  30,209,459  30,209,459  Current assets  Prepayments  517  18,829  Cash and cash equivalents  239,220  715,372  Amounts due from subsidiaries  11,720,739  12,156,660  11,960,476  12,890,861  Total assets  42,169,935  43,100,320  Equity attributable to equity holders of the Company  Share capital  26  1,742,159  1,742,159  Other reserves  30  46,643,741  46,643,741  Accumulated losses  30  (8,870,050)  (7,948,981)  Total equity  39,515,850  40,436,919  Liabilities  Current liabilities  Amounts due to subsidiaries  2,557,959  2,576,111  Other payables  96,126  87,290  Total liabilities  2,654,085  2,663,401  Total equity and liabilities  42,169,935  43,100,320   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Approved by the Board of Directors on 31 March 2023 and signed on its behalf of:

Tan Chee Beng

Director

Tang Ling Ling Director

## 30  STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENTS OF THE COMPANY (CONTINUED)

| Share  premium  Other  Reserves  Accumulated  losses  Total  S$  S$  S$  S$  At 1 January 2021  16,448,439  30,195,302  (7,403,252)  39,240,489  Loss and total comprehensive expense  for the year  -  -  (545,729)  (545,729)  At 31 December 2021  16,448,439  30,195,302  (7,948,981)  38,694,760  At 1 January 2022  16,448,439  30,195,302  (7,948,981)  38,694,760  Loss and total comprehensive expense  for the year  -  -  (921,069)  (921,069)  At 31 December 2022  16,448,439  30,195,302  (8,870,050)  37,773,691   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Other reserves mainly represented the contribution of investment in subsidiaries.

## 31  SUBSIDIARIES

The Company has direct or indirect interests in the following subsidiaries:

| Name of companies  Principal activities  Country of  operation/  incorporation  Date of  incorporation  Issued and paid  registered capital  2022  2021  Note  %  %  Directly held  Five Elements Investment  Holdings Limited  Investment holding  British Virgin  Islands  10 April 2018  US$100  100  100  Beyond Elite Investments  Limited  Investment holding  British Virgin  Islands  5 July 2019  US$10,000  100  100  Indirectly held  T&amp;B Holding Limited  Investment holding  Hong Kong  2 January 2018  HK$15,001,000  100  100  Beng Soon Machinery Services  (Singapore) Pte Ltd  Provision of demolition  services, sale of  inventories and leasing  of machinery  Singapore  8 January 1993  S$2,000,000  100  100  Sky Express Asia Limited  Trading of minerals  and ore  Hong Kong  1 November 2019  HK$1  100  100  YOLO Holdings Limited  Investment holding  Hong Kong  1 September 2020  HK$100,000  51%  51%  廣州悠樂未來科技有限公司  Provision of sales of  goods through online  marketing platform  People's  Republic of  China  28 September 2020  CNY1,000,000  51%  51%  (b)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(a) All companies comprising the Group have adopted 31 December as their financial year end date.

(b) The entity was in the progress of liquidation.

## 32  PERFORMANCE AND SECURITY BONDS

The Group had performance bonds for guarantees for completion of projects issued by banks and insurance companies amounting to S$1,971,127 (2021: S$2,201,557) as at 31 December 2022.

The Group had security bonds made under section 12 of Employment of Foreign Manpower (Work Passes) Regulations amounting to S$330,000 (2021: S$260,000) as at 31 December 2022.

## FINANCIAL SUMMARY

## REVENUE

<!-- image -->

The table below sets out the breakdown of the Group's total revenue by source for the periods indicated:

| 2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  Revenue  % of Total  Revenue  % of Total  Revenue  % of Total  Revenue  % of Total  Revenue  % of Total  S$'000  Revenue %  S$'000  Revenue %  S$'000  Revenue %  S$'000  Revenue %  S$'000  Revenue %  Contract Revenue  32,439  99.09  26,075  97.52  9,596  97.5  33,069  97.1  33,906  99.8  - Net Contract Sum  4,008  12.24  8,308  31.07  (941)  -9.57  15,972  46.9  8,462  24.9  - Proceeds from disposal  of salvage materials  28,010  85.56  17,079  63.88  9,595  97.6  15,697  46.1  20,423  60.1  - Earth depositing  proceeds  421  1.28  688  2.57  942  9.58  1,400  4.1  5,021  14.8  Others  (Note)  299  0.91  662  2.48  239  2.44  976  2.9  81  0.2  Total  32,738  100  26,737  100  9,835  100  34,045  100  33,987  100   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Other revenue are principally income derived from leasing and sale of machinery to third parties.

## FINANCIAL SUMMARY (CONTINUED)

A summary of the results, and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years, as extracted from the published audited consolidated financial statements or the Prospectus is set out below:

| 2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Revenue  32,738  26,737  9,835  34,045  33,987  Cost of sales  (23,243)  (19,668)  (16,320)  (21,386)  (20,275)  Gross profit/(loss)  9,495  7,069  (6,485)  12,659  13,712  Other income  316  564  1,688  143  198  Other gains - net  440  255  200  109  580  Administrative expenses  (8,649)  (7,363)  (8,846)  (8,113)  (9,353)  Selling and distribution expenses  (193)  (209)  (307)  (243)  (239)  Finance costs  (278)  (284)  (328)  (513)  (505)  Listing expenses  -  -  -  (1,400)  (3,296)  Profit/(loss) and total comprehensive income  for the year  1,131  32  (12,037)  3,234  3,078  Income tax credit/(expense)  (611)  -  2,043  (808)  (1,316)  Equity attributable to owners of the Company  520  32  39,297  51,503  30,078  Total assets  53,781  54,372  53,117  71,322  58,812  Total liabilities  13,913  15,059  13,856  19,819  28,724  Total equity  39,868  39,313  39,261  51,503  30,078   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|