<!-- image -->

stocklight.com  &gt; Stocks  &gt; United States

Bionano Genomics  &gt; Annual Reports  &gt; 2022 Annual Report

## Bionano Genomics Annual Report 2022

## Form 10-K (NASDAQ:BNGO)

Published: March 1st, 2022

Brought to you by

<!-- image -->

| Year  Report  Size  2024  Bionano Genomics (BNGO) 10-K Annual Report - Mar 5th, 2024  1.3mb  2023  Bionano Genomics (BNGO) 10-K Annual Report - Mar 9th, 2023  1.2mb  2021  Bionano Genomics (BNGO) 10-K Annual Report - Mar 23rd, 2021  844kb  2020  Bionano Genomics (BNGO) 10-K Annual Report - Mar 10th, 2020  1.1mb  2019  Bionano Genomics (BNGO) 10-K Annual Report - Mar 14th, 2019  1.1mb   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

(Mark One)

## UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-K

☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021

OR

☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM

Commission File Number 001-38613

## Bionano Genomics, Inc.

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter)

Delaware

26-1756290

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

9540 Towne Centre Drive, Suite 100, San Diego, CA

92121

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: ( 858) 888-7600

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value Warrants to purchase Common Stock

Trading Symbol(s) BNGO BNGOW

Name of Each Exchange on which Registered

The Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC

The Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC

## Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes x No ¨

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act.  Yes ¨ No x

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No ¨

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). Yes x No ¨

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of 'large accelerated filer,' 'accelerated filer,' 'smaller reporting company,' and 'emerging growth company' in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer ☒

Accelerated filer ☐

Non-accelerated filer ☐

Smaller reporting company ☒

Emerging growth company ☐

If  an  emerging  growth  company,  indicate  by  check  mark  if  the  registrant  has  elected  not  to  use  the  extended  transition  period  for  complying  with  any  new  or  revised  financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES ☐ NO x

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2021 (the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately $2,045,466,000 based on the closing price of the registrant's common stock on June 30, 2021 of $7.33 per share, as reported by the Nasdaq Capital Market.

As of February 24, 2022, the Registrant had  289,612,949 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, outstanding.

## DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the definitive proxy statement, or the Proxy Statement, for the Registrant's 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the Registrant's fiscal year ended December 31, 2021.

## Table of Contents

## Table of Contents

| Page  PART I  Item 1.  Business  4  Item 1A.  Risk Factors  24  Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments  61  Item 2.  Properties  61  Item 3.  Legal Proceedings  62  Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures  62  PART II  Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  62  Item 6.  [Reserved]  62  Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  62  Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  70  Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  70  Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  106  Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures  106  Item 9B.  Other Information  108  Item 9C.  Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections  108  PART III  Item 10.  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  108  Item 11.  Executive Compensation  108  Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  108  Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  108  Item 14.  Principal Accounting Fees and Services  108  PART IV  Item 15.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules  108  Item 16.  Form 10-K Summary  111  Signatures  111   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As used in this Form 10-K, 'Bionano,' the 'Company,' 'we,' 'our,' and 'us' refer to Bionano Genomics, Inc. and its subsidiaries or, as the context may require, Bionano Genomics, Inc. only. "Lineagen" and "BioDiscovery" refer to our wholly owned subsidiaries, Lineagen, Inc. and BioDiscovery, LLC.

## Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This Annual Report on Form 10-K, or this Annual Report, contains forward-looking statements and information within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions for the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1955. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report, including statements regarding our future results of operations or financial condition, business strategy and plans, and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as 'anticipate,'  'believe,'  'contemplate,'  'continue,'  'could,'  'estimate,'  'expect,'  'intend,'  'may,'  'plan,'  'potential,'  'predict,'  'project,'  'should,'  'target,' 'will' or 'would' or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions.

We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy and financial needs. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including risks described in the section entitled 'Risk Factors' and elsewhere in this Annual Report, regarding, among other things:

- the size and growth potential of the markets for our products, and our ability to serve those markets;
- the rate and degree of market acceptance of our products;
- our ability to manage the growth of our business and integrate acquired businesses;
- our ability to expand our commercial organization to address effectively existing and new markets that we intend to target;
- the impact from future regulatory, judicial, and legislative changes or developments in the U.S. and foreign countries;
- our ability to successfully execute our strategy and meet anticipated goals and milestones
- our ability to compete effectively in a competitive industry;
- the introduction of competitive technologies or improvements in existing technologies and the success of any such technologies;
- the performance of our third-party contract sales organizations, suppliers and manufacturers;
- our ability to attract and retain key scientific or management personnel;
- the  accuracy  of  our  estimates  regarding  expenses,  future  revenues,  reimbursement  rates,  capital  requirements  and  needs  for  additional financing;
- the  impact  of  the  COVID-19  pandemic  on  our  business  and  operations,  as  well  as  the  business  or  operations  of  our  suppliers,  customers, manufacturers, research partners and other third parties with whom we conduct business and our expectations with respect to the duration of such impacts and the resulting effects on our business;
- we may not realize the anticipated benefits and synergies of our recent and any future acquisitions or other strategic transactions;
- our ability to obtain funding for our operations; and
- our ability to attract collaborators and strategic partnerships;

You  should  not  rely  on  forward-looking  statements  as  predictions  of  future  events.  The  outcome  of  the  events  described  in  these  forward-looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors described in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report.

The  results,  events  and  circumstances  reflected  in  the  forward-looking  statements  may  not  be  achieved  or  occur,  and  actual  results,  events  or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements.

In addition, statements that 'we believe' and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based on information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report. And while we believe that information provides a reasonable basis for these statements, that information may be limited or incomplete. Our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain, and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely on these statements.

The forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Annual Report or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forwardlooking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures or investments.

## RISK FACTOR SUMMARY

Below is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in our securities speculative or risky. This summary does not address all of the risks that we face. Additional discussion of the risks and uncertainties summarized in this risk factor summary, and other risks and uncertainties that we face, are set forth below under the heading 'Risk Factors' and should be carefully considered, together with other information in this Annual Report and our other filings with the SEC before making investment decisions regarding our securities.

- We are an early-commercial-stage company and have a limited commercial history, which may make it difficult to evaluate our current business and predict our future performance;
- We have incurred recurring net losses since we were formed and expect to incur losses in the future. We cannot be certain that we will achieve or sustain profitability;
- Our quarterly and annual operating results and cash flows have fluctuated in the past and might continue to fluctuate, which makes our future operating results difficult to predict and could cause the market price of our securities to decline substantially;
- Our business, and that of our customers, has been adversely affected by the effects of public health crises, including the COVID-19 pandemic. In particular, the COVID-19 pandemic has materially affected our operations globally, including at our headquarters in San Diego, California, as well as the business or operations of our research partners, customers and other third parties with whom we conduct business. As a result, in some cases we have had to delay instrument installations or service-related visits.
- Our future capital needs are uncertain and we may require additional funding in the future to advance the commercialization of Saphyr, NxClinical and our other products, technologies, and services, as well as continue our research and development efforts. If we fail to obtain additional funding, we will be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our commercialization and development efforts;
- Acquisitions,  joint  ventures  and  other  strategic  transactions  could  disrupt  or  otherwise  harm  our  business  and  may  cause  dilution  to  our stockholders;
- If our products or technologies fail to achieve and sustain sufficient market acceptance, our revenue will be adversely affected;
- Our future success is dependent upon our ability to further penetrate our existing customer base and attract new customers;
- We are currently limited to 'research use only' with respect to many of the materials and components used in our consumable products including our assays;
- In the near term, sales of our Saphyr system, the NxClinical software, our consumables and genome analysis services will depend on levels of research and development spending by clinical research laboratories, academic and governmental research institutions and biopharmaceutical companies, a reduction in which could limit demand for our technologies, products and adversely affect our business and operating results;
- If  we  do  not  successfully  manage  the  development  and  launch  of  new  products  and  technologies,  our  financial  results  could  be  adversely affected;
- If  the  FDA determines that our RUO products are medical devices or if we seek to market our RUO products for clinical diagnostic or health screening use, we will be required to obtain regulatory clearance(s) or approval(s), and may be required to cease or limit sales of our then marketed products, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any such regulatory process would be expensive, time-consuming and uncertain both in timing and in outcome;
- If  we are unable to protect our intellectual property, it may reduce our ability to maintain any technological or competitive advantage over our competitors and potential competitors, and our business may be harmed; and
- The  price  of  our  securities  may  be  volatile  or  may  decline  regardless  of  our  operating  performance,  and  you  could  lose  all  or  part  of  your investment.

## PART I

## ITEM 1. BUSINESS

## Overview

We are a global genomics company focused on elevating the health and wellness of all people. We are pioneers of optical genome mapping, or OGM, for genome analysis  and  provide  a  suite  of  genome  analysis  solutions  designed  to  enable  researchers  and  clinicians  to  reveal  answers  to  challenging questions in biology and medicine. Our mission is to transform the way the world sees the genome through OGM solutions, clinical testing and laboratory services and software. We offer OGM and software solutions for applications across applied, translational and clinical research and we offer diagnostic services to physicians specializing in medical management for individuals with genetic conditions such as pediatric neurodevelopmental disorders, or NDDs, including autism spectrum disorders, or ASDs.

We market and sell  the  Saphyr system,  which  delivers  OGM  data  to  enable  ultra-sensitive  and  ultra-specific  detection  of  all  classes  of  structural variation. The Saphyr system is used in clinical and discovery research to streamline the identification of structural changes in chromosomes, known as cytogenetics, and to accelerate the search for answers in genetic disease and cancer applications. The Saphyr system is comprised of an instrument, chip  consumables,  reagents  and  software  containing  a  suite  of  data  analysis  and  visualization  tools.  In  addition  to  our  Saphyr  system  and  software products, we offer laboratory services to provide data generated by the Saphyr system to researchers seeking access to OGM data. The Saphyr system has been shown to outperform the current gold standard methods for cytogenetics and molecular genetics including karyotyping, fluorescence in-situ hybridization  (FISH),  Southern  blot  and  chromosomal  microarray.  The  Saphyr  system  has  also  been  shown  to  identify  structural  changes  in chromosomes that cannot be identified using current commercially available solutions for gene sequencing. ®

We provide proprietary molecular genetic clinical testing services for individuals  demonstrating clinical  presentations  consistent  with  NDDs,  including ASDs and other disorders of childhood development. Our comprehensive genetic testing services include reporting for known NDD-causing genome variations, including testing for proprietary variations, and combines testing with our Proprietary Variant Index (PRISM) which uses a proprietary database of over 35,000 individuals with NDDs tested with over 60,000 tests that provides additional evidence for candidate genes associated with NDDs. This testing  is  a  CLIA-certified  diagnostic  testing  service,  and  we  have  expertise  in  selling  cytogenetic  assays  to  physicians,  providing  genetic  counseling services to individuals undergoing testing and their families, and contracting with third-party payors for reimbursement.

We also  provide  laboratory  services  to  clinicians,  scientists,  pharmaceutical  companies,  and  others  who  are  seeking  to  incorporate  OGM  into  their genomics research without the need to bring our Saphyr system in house. Laboratory services for OGM are performed in our laboratory facilities in San Diego and at partner laboratories in the United States and Europe, and serve as solutions for researchers and clinicians who would like to use OGM for various applications in genomics but have yet to acquire the Saphyr.

Our software solutions deliver genomic data interpretation solutions tailored for research use in cytogenomics and molecular pathology labs in genetic disease and cancer research markets, with an emphasis on structural variation. We offer an industry-leading, platform-agnostic software solution that can integrate  OGM  with  next-generation  sequencing,  or  NGS,  and  microarray  data. This  software  solution  is  designed  to  provide  analysis,  visualization, interpretation and reporting of structural variants, single-nucleotide variants and absence of heterozygosity across the genome in one consolidated view. Our software currently enables analysis of NGS and microarray data, and we are developing a version that we expect to be able to incorporate OGM data to make our software a more comprehensive offering for analysis of genomic data. We believe the integration of OGM with data types common in the industry, such as Variant Call Format (VCF), and Binary Alignment Map (BAM), should accelerate and broaden our position in digital cytogenetics and comprehensive  genome  analysis  by  enabling  us  to  simplify  the  assessment  of  clinically  relevant  variants  in  cytogenomics  applications,  potentially reducing interpretation time per sample and expanding our reach into the discovery and translational research markets through the combination of OGM and NGS data.

Over the past year, we believe we have transformed our business from an instrument company to a provider of a full suite of genomics solutions. We expanded  into  molecular  genetic  clinical  testing  services  through  our  August  2020  acquisition  of  Lineagen  Inc.  Our  recent  expansion  into  software solutions was made possible by our October 2021 acquisition of BioDiscovery, LLC. We believe that these acquisitions, along with internal investments in research and development and the build out of our commercial teams, have positioned us well to make OGM standard of care for many constitutional genetic disorders and cancers.

## Recent Highlights

## Commercial Adoption of Offerings for Saphyr

Bionano executed on its commercialization strategy, expanded the utilization of its Saphyr system and increased the amount of Bionano data generated across the globe, driving scientific momentum.

- Grew our installed base to 164 as of December 31, 2021, an increase of approximately 69% from a total installed base of 97 as of December 31, 2020. Installed base represents the global number of Saphyr instruments installed at end-customer locations and therefore ready to process optical genome mapping.
- Sold 3,204 flowcells in the fourth quarter of 2021, an increase of approximately 29% over the 2,484 flowcells sold during the fourth quarter of 2020. For the year ended December 31, 2021, total flowcells sold reached 12,518, an increase of approximately 98% over the 6,311 flowcells sold during the year ended December 31, 2020. The Saphyr chip is the consumable that packages nanochannel arrays for DNA linearization. In its current form, each Saphyr chip has three flowcells. Flowcells sold refers to the units of genome mapping consumables used for analyzing one genome, purchased by customers to process optical genome mapping.

## Validated the Utility of OGM for Applications in Clinical Research with Benchmarking, Scientific Publication and Adoption

Rigorous and extensive benchmarking of Saphyr was conducted against traditional cytogenetic methods and long read sequencing and these results were published and validated in several key publications, presentations and announcements including:

- OGM demonstrated 100% concordance with karyotyping, FISH, and chromosomal microarray in constitutional disorders in two studies appearing in the August 2021 issue of the American Journal of Human Genetics;
- The authors in these back-to-back AJHG publications describe OGM as a better alternative to traditional cytogenetics assays for both inherited genetic  disease  and  hematologic  malignancy  applications  since  it  consolidates  multiple  antiquated  methods  requiring  manual  integration  for interpretation into a single workflow with higher resolution for detection of all classes of structural variants.
- University Hospitals Leuven in Belgium, received its accreditation from the Belgian Accreditation Body (BELAC) for using OGM in analysis of acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) and showed significant improvements in cost and turnaround time relative to traditional techniques of FISH and MLPA.
- Published study by Johns Hopkins University in the Journal of Clinical &amp; Anatomic Pathology outlining a stepwise approach to adoption of OGM for cancer analysis in their cytogenetics lab.
- A  team  from  the  University  of  Iowa  published  the  largest  clinical  research  study  to  date  evaluating  OGM  for  facioscapulohumeral  muscular dystrophy  (FSHD).  The  study,  published  in  the  Journal  of  Molecular  Diagnostics,  concluded  that  OGM  can  be  performed  quicker,  more accurately, and more reproducibly than the current gold standard method of Southern blot analysis.
- Publication of a study and of 76 subjects by authors at The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, which evaluated the utility of OGM as an alternative to traditional cytogenomic methods for the characterization of structural variation (SV) in myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS). The study was published in Blood, the journal of the American Society of Hematology (ASH) and presented at the 2021 ASH annual conference.
- Publication  of  a  study  from  the  International  COVID-19  Host  Genome  Structural  Variation  Consortium,  which  is  a  global  open  host  genome structural variation consortium for COVID-19 response. The consortium is comprised of over 30 researchers from leading institutions who are using OGM to assess structural variations in the human genome that could be contributing to COVID-19 susceptibility or progression. In this study, OGM was conducted on samples from 52 severely ill COVID-19 subjects to investigate structural variations as decisive predisposition factors associated with COVID-19. The researchers identified 7 structural variations in 9 subjects (17% of subjects analyzed) involving genes implicated in two key host-viral interaction pathways: innate immunity and inflammatory response, and viral replication and spread.
- Researchers  from  leading  institutions  in  the  US  published  in  medRxiv  the  first  readout  from  the  ongoing  multi-site  clinical  research  study designed to support OGM as an alternative to traditional workflows in cytogenetics for postnatal inherited genetic disease. The IRB-approved clinical study evaluated 331 individual sample runs from 202 unique samples across five sites for interim measures of key endpoints:
- Concordance with traditional techniques - 97.7% (214 out of 219 samples)
- Partially concordant with traditional techniques - 2.3% (5 out of 219 samples)
- Concordance with traditional techniques for pathogenic variant calls - 100% (219 out of 219 samples)
- Concordance with chromosomal microarray (CMA) - 100% (103 out of 103 samples)
- First-pass success rate for OGM - 94% (311 out of 331 samples)
- Reproducibility of analytical QC from site-to-site - 98.8% (171 out of 173 replicates)

- Reproducibility of pathogenic variant calls from site-to-site - 100% (173 out of 173 replicates)
- Researchers from the Medical College of Georgia/Augusta University published a study that evaluated the performance and utility of combining OGM and a 523-gene NGS panel for comprehensive evaluation of myeloid tumors and compared it to standard cytogenetic methods (karyotyping and fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH) and a 54-gene NGS panel. The combination of OGM and a 523-gene NGS panel is superior to standard methods and more cost effective than whole genome sequencing.

## COVID-19 Overview

The COVID-19 pandemic, and the measures imposed to contain this pandemic in areas where we operate our business and elsewhere have disrupted and  are  expected  to  continue  to  impact  our  business.  COVID-19  related  disruptions  to  the  global  supply  chain  created  and  may  continue  to  create challenges in our getting sufficient components and raw materials for production of our OGM systems and consumables. At various times throughout the pandemic, we have been unable to visit certain customer sites to support installation  or  service  our  OGM  systems. In  addition,  study  enrollment  for clinical studies generally has been affected by COVID-19. While we have not experienced adverse effects on study enrollment, we may begin to as we continue to pursue clinical studies.

For a more detailed discussion of the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, see 'Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - COVID-19.'

## Industry Background

Genome analysis is the process of extracting and interpreting biological information from DNA and RNA. DNA is the code that is found in all living cells and determines the characteristics and health of all living organisms. Although each organism's DNA order is unique, all DNA is composed of the same four nucleotides that come in pairs, which are referred to as base pairs. The human genome is composed of six billion of these base pairs (three billion of which are the maternal copy and three billion of which are the paternal copy of the genome), distributed across 23 pairs of chromosomes ranging in size from approximately 50 million to approximately 250 million base pairs. Genome variation is defined as at least one base pair differing in a comparison of sequence against a reference standard and can be as large as tens of millions of base pairs.

Genome structure refers to the way in which the various functional elements of the genome such as genes, reading frames, promoters and others are ordered, oriented and organized across the 23 pairs of chromosomes. Structural variations represent differences in the amount or location of genomic DNA from one individual compared to a reference genome. Structural variation is one of the most biologically important aspects of the human genome and is a major factor for the cause of genetic disorders and cancer. Each structural variation involves the rearrangement or repetition of as few as several hundred base pairs to as many as tens of millions of base pairs. Structural variations may be inherited or arise spontaneously. Structural variations are well-known  to  cause  diseases  such  as  constitutional  genetic  disorders  and  cancer.  Many  researchers  and  clinicians  now  agree  that  despite  major advances in the speed and cost-effectiveness of DNA sequencing, it fails to reliably detect structural variations. OGM enables the detection of all classes of structural variants, and we believe no methodology exists that can detect structural variations more comprehensively or cost efficiently than OGM with the Saphyr system.

We believe the traditional cytogenomic methods of detecting structural variations for research and clinical applications, karyotyping, CMA, and fluorescent in situ hybridization, or FISH, are antiquated and cumbersome and can only detect a small proportion of the structural variations across an entire genome. OGM is designed to offer cytogeneticists the ability to fully digitize and replace these traditional methods with one simplified, cost effective and scalable workflow using the Saphyr system.

We believe that software is necessary for genome analysis and should be the primary interface for how cytogeneticists interact with the data and report their  findings.  We  believe  the  software's  ease  of  use,  core  analysis  functionality  and  the  time  necessary  to  obtain  a  reportable  result  are  the  most important factors to customers when considering a platform adoption decision and that data interpretation is typically a critical bottleneck in methods of genome analysis and therefore software is a key component in the entire workflow. The majority of software solutions on the market today have been developed with NGS as the primary application with the focus on the interpretation and reporting of single nucleotide variants (SNVs) instead of SVs. Our software solution, NxClinical, was developed with copy number variation as the core focus and has become established as an industry leading solution for interpretation and reporting of CNVs for CMA and NGS. To the extent we are successful in integrating OGM into NxClinical, we anticipate that our software will be the first software solution delivering a fully integrated interpretation capability for SVs from OGM as well as seamless integration with NGS, with the potential to enable complementary OGM and NGS workflows through one software solution.

## Our Solutions

## OGM Systems

OGM is our proprietary approach to measuring genome structure and structural variation. The OGM workflow is novel, comprehensive, scalable, cost effective  and  highly  differentiated.  OGM  data  are  currently  generated  using  the  Saphyr  system,  which  directly  measures  sequence  specific  patterns (SSPs) along extremely long DNA molecules in an unbiased approach without any amplification. Using the SSPs, software constructs detailed physical map of the genome that accurately assigns the chromosomal location, order, orientation and quantity of sequence and in-turn, all the genome's functional elements. We believe OGM is capable of comprehensive, cost effective and efficient detection of all classes of SVs and CNVs. Today, these structural variations cannot be reliably detected by genome sequencing. High throughput sequencers, of which there are approximately 16,000 currently installed worldwide, are reliable for detecting genomic differences involving a few base pairs or SNVs, which Saphyr does not identify. Sequencing, including NGS, cannot reliably detect the larger structural variations that our Saphyr system is designed to detect. Therefore, Saphyr may be adopted alongside this installed base of sequencers as a complement that is designed to give users the ability to see a much wider scope of genome variation from single bases of DNA to full chromosomes.

OGM was built upon four key elements:

- Extremely  long  molecules  for  analysis. The  Saphyr  system  is  capable  of  analyzing  single  molecules  that  are  on  average  approximately 250,000 base pairs in length and can be as long as millions of base pairs. These lengths are over 1,000 times longer than the average read length  with  Illumina  sequencing  systems  and  approximately  10-20  times  longer  than  the  average  read  lengths  with  Pacific  Biosciences  of California,  or  PacBio,  and  Oxford  Nanopore  systems.  We  believe  these  long  read  lengths  overcome  the  inherent  challenges  of  genome complexity and are the key to Saphyr's unprecedented sensitivity and specificity.
- Proprietary nanotechnology for massively parallel linearization and analysis of long molecules with single molecule imaging. Analyzing these extremely long chromosomal fragments required invention. We invented, patented, developed and commercialized nanochannel arrays to capture long single molecules of DNA from solution and unwind and linearize them for structural variation analysis. Each molecule is imaged separately, making it possible to deconvolute complex mixtures including haplotypes and heterogeneous tumors.
- DNA labeling chemistry specifically for physical mapping. The detailed analysis of SSPs we use is also highly unique and novel. Instead of identifying the sequence of every base pair in these long fragments, we label and detect SSPs or motifs that occur universally across every genome with an average frequency of approximately one site for every few thousand base pairs. The key to our method entails introducing fluorescent tags at the sequence-specific site using highly specific and robust enzymatic chemistry along the extremely long fragments. These fragments, stretched out in nanochannels, are then directly imaged allowing us to measure the distance between labels with high accuracy. The pattern  of  labels  detected  on  all  these  fragments  can  then  be  related  to  the  pattern  of  sequence  motif  sites  in  a  reference  genome  for comparison. Changes in the pattern indicate structural variation.
- Bioinformatic tools for structural variation analysis. Finally, our approach includes a novel bioinformatics platform that we developed from the ground-up to take advantage of the unique benefits of our solution. It comprises proprietary algorithms for the construction of a structurally accurate physical map of the genome to assign structure. Physical maps of a test subject are then compared to a reference or other subjects in cross-mapping analysis that allows our system to detect genome wide structural variation, including the most complex balanced events.

The Saphyr system provides a solution for comprehensive structural variation analysis at a higher resolution than traditional techniques allowing for more answers that matter to be obtained in genetic disease and cancer applications. We believe that Saphyr is the only product capable of detecting structural variations at high sensitivity and specificity with a workflow that is cost-effective and time efficient.

Our customers include researchers and clinicians who seek to identify and understand the biological implications of genome variation. We believe that Saphyr  can  replace  more  traditional  cytogenetic  tools  which  are  expensive,  slow  and  labor-intense,  with  an  advanced  solution  designed  to  simplify workflow, reduce cost, and increase assay success rates. We believe Saphyr has the potential to significantly increase success rates and provide more answers across a wide range of applications in genomics.

## Testing and Laboratory Services

We offer tests that use CMA for evaluation of patients suspected of having certain genetic diseases, which is recommended by the American College of Medical Genetics and Genomics (ACMG), the American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP), and the American Academy of Neurology (AAN), among other renowned societies. We are actively performing research to determine whether OGM with the Saphyr system can replace CMA as the front-line test for children with developmental disorders. As the scientific, peer-reviewed literature supports this claim, the coding entities such as CMS and the AMA would need to adopt the proper procedural codes to allow for insurance reimbursement of new testing methodologies before they become mainstream clinical diagnostic instruments. Importantly, OGM is expected to be able to detect full mutations consistent with fragile X syndrome, which is another front-line test for children, especially males, with autism spectrum disorder and intellectual disability. Studies are ongoing to determine the sensitivity and specificity for OGM as it relates to fragile X syndrome. We also

employ Whole Exome Sequencing (WES), which aims to detect genome SNVs that are different from genome structural variations and are not detectable by OGM.

We believe we are uniquely positioned to develop LDT's that can improve upon the existing standards of care for diagnostic testing for NDDs. We have an established channel to work with payers to secure reimbursement alternatives for Saphyr-based testing. If reimbursements can be established, we intend to share our strategies with our customers to drive demand for the Saphyr system. We plan to expand our testing menu with inclusion of OGM to demonstrate workflow implementation in a clinical setting in order to drive adoption as well as serve as a conduit for enabling access for those customers unable to make a capital equipment expenditure. Our goal is to enable access, demonstrate excellence of the OGM workflow as a model within a CLIA setting for educational purposes, drive advancements in product development for clinical grade testing of OGM at scale.

## Software Solutions

We offer  industry  leading  genome  analysis  software  that  enables  genomics  labs  to  analyze  and  interpret  data  across  a  wide  range  of  platforms  to generate highly informative data visualizations for streamlined and simple reporting of causal variants. Today, NxClinical software is among the most comprehensive solutions for analysis and interpretation of any microarray or NGS generated data integrating copy number variants (CNVs), absence of heterozygosity (AOH) and loss of heterozygosity (LOH), as well as SNVs from sequencing data into a single well integrated interface that is used across the globe by renowned academic and commercial clinical laboratories.

Our acquisition of BioDiscovery has expanded our portfolio into providing data analysis and interpretation solutions across NGS, CMA and OGM. These software solutions are expected to allow us to leverage and expand our network of Bionano customers and to potentially enable future adoption of OGM. We believe  integrating  OGM  data  into  NxClinical  should  substantially  improve  the  analysis  and  reporting  capabilities  of  our  current  Saphyr  system, making OGM easier to adopt and use by our customers. Through BioDiscovery, we can now serve the NGS and array markets directly though software with an industry leading data interpretation solution for revealing more answers with delivery of copy number variants across the genome. Our software monetization strategy is predicated on a pay-per-sample model where customers running NGS and/or array today can adopt, which sets the stage for future OGM adoptions. Software is a way for us to participate directly in the NGS market while also enabling OGM data to be seamlessly integrated with NGS in one view for a comprehensive analysis, which is unique to Bionano.

## Our Commercial Offerings

## The Saphyr System and Consumables

<!-- image -->

We develop and market the Saphyr system, a complete sample-to-result solution for structural variation analysis by OGM that empowers comprehensive genome analysis and facilitates a deeper understanding of genetic variation and function. We believe the Saphyr system is capable of addressing the needs for structural variation analysis because it is:

- Highly sensitive. We believe Saphyr is the most sensitive detector of structural variations larger than 500 base pairs currently on the market.
- Cost  effective. The  consumables  cost  per  genome,  at  an  average  of  approximately  $500,  can  be  less  than  the  combination  of  standard techniques and well below both short-read and long-read WGS at a depth of 160x coverage.
- Scalable and fast. Relative to traditional techniques, Saphyr has demonstrated up to a 75% reduction in turnaround time for analysis of acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) subjects when used instead of karyotyping, FISH and MLPA.

## The Saphyr Instrument

<!-- image -->

The  Saphyr  instrument  is  a  single-molecule  imager  that  includes  high  performance  optics,  automated  sample  loading  based  on  machine  learning algorithms  and  computational  hardware  and  control  software.  The  instrument's  high-performance  optics  simultaneously  image  DNA  linearized  in hundreds of thousands of nanochannels. The instrument's control interface is the user's primary control center to design and monitor experiments as they occur in real time. The computational hardware is responsible for the secondary processing of the image data being produced on the Saphyr. The Saphyr instrument is currently capable of analyzing up to 5,000 human genomes per year at 30x coverage. At the end of 2021 we announced the completion of a prototype currently in development that is expected to significantly increase the throughput.

## The Saphyr Chip

The Saphyr Chip® is the consumable that packages the nanochannel arrays for DNA linearization. In its current form, each Saphyr chip has three flow cells  containing  approximately  120,000  nanochannels  that  are  roughly  30  nanometers  wide,  and  each  flowcell  can  hold  one  unique  sample.  To manufacture the arrays, we use photolithography in a semiconductor fabrication facility to print hundreds of thousands of tiny grooves on silicon wafers and then dice the wafers into individual chips. Our chips are inexpensive to manufacture and highly scalable. The fluidic environment in each channel allows  individual  molecules  to  move  swiftly  utilizing  only  the  charge  of  DNA.  Hundreds  of  thousands  of  molecules  can  move  through  hundreds  of thousands of parallel nanochannels simultaneously, enabling extremely high-throughput processing on a single-molecule basis.

## Saphyr Sample Prep and Labeling Kits

Our Bionano Prep Kits™ and DNA labeling kits provide the reagents and protocols needed to extract and label ultra-high molecular weight, or UHMW, DNA for use with the Saphyr system. These kits are optimized for performing our genome mapping applications on a variety of sample types.

Our  workflow  begins  with  the  isolation  of  ultra-high  molecular  weight  DNA.  Our  sample  prep  kits  are  optimized  for  isolating  and  purifying  ultra-high molecular weight DNA in a process that is gentler than existing DNA extraction methods. The resulting purified DNA is millions of base pairs long and optimal for use with our systems. Each Bionano Prep Kit allows customers to perform five to 10 HMW DNA preps. Our kits and protocols enable the extraction of HMW DNA from a variety of sample types including human or animal tissue and tumors, plant tissue, cell lines, bone marrow aspirates and human blood.

Our labeling reagents are optimized for applications on our genome mapping systems. Starting with HMW DNA purified using the appropriate Bionano Prep Kit, fluorescent labels are attached to specific sequence motifs. The result is uniquely identifiable genome-specific label patterns that enable de novo map assembly, anchoring sequencing contigs and discovery of structural variations as small as 500 base pairs to up to chromosome arm lengths.

Our kit for DNA labeling, the Direct Label and Stain (DLS) kit, is a proprietary, nondestructive chemistry for sequence motif labeling of genomic DNA that improves every aspect of our genome mapping. DLS uses a single direct-labeling enzymatic reaction to attach a fluorophore to the DNA at a specific 6base pair sequence motif, yielding approximately 16 labels per 100,000 base pairs in the human genome. After labeling, the molecules are linearized in the Saphyr chip on the Saphyr instrument and imaged. Through the isolation, labeling and linearization steps, the molecules maintain an average length of around 250,000 base pairs. The label patterns on each molecule allow them to be uniquely identified and aligned in a pair-wise comparison against all other molecules imaged from the same sample.

## Software Solutions

<!-- image -->

Our  data  solutions  offering  includes  a  complete  suite  of  hardware  and  software  for  end-to-end  experiment  management,  algorithms  for  assembling genome  maps  and  algorithms  and  databases  for  bioinformatics  processing,  all  of  which  is  driven  through  convenient  web-based  management  and monitoring tools.

We have a suite of proprietary algorithms and databases that fully enable our proprietary bioinformatic and structural variation analysis pipelines. Using pairwise  alignment  of  the  single  molecule  images,  consensus  genome  maps  are  constructed,  refined,  extended  and  merged.  Molecules  are  then clustered into two alleles, and a diploid assembly is created to allow for heterozygous

structural variation detection. Genome maps typically span entire chromosome arms in single, contiguous maps. Comparative analysis of maps reveals structural variation. Our customers use our variant annotation workflow to specifically uncover rare and sample-specific mutations.

Our hardware solution includes the Saphyr Compute Server, which provides cluster-like performance in an affordable, compact solution and the Bionano Compute Server, which expands the analytical capacity of the suite of tools. With these solutions, our customers are capable of performing multiple simultaneous analyses and sustaining continuous throughput, which allows them to spend less time waiting for data, so they can focus on investigating results. We also offer a cloud-based solution for data analysis.

NxClinical is among the most comprehensive and up-to-date solutions for cytogenetics and molecular genetics, providing one system for analysis and interpretation  of  all  genomic  variants  from  microarray  and  NGS  data.  We  are  developing  a  version  of  NxClinical  to  incorporate  OGM  data,  which  is expected to become our software solution once completed.

## Testing and Laboratory Services

Through Bionano Labs, we offer OGM data to researchers seeking access to OGM data. We intend to build a menu of LDT's on Saphyr to demonstrate the capabilities of OGM.

FirstStepDx PLUS is a CMA designed to identify an underlying genetic cause in individuals with autism spectrum disorder, developmental delay, and intellectual disability.

Fragile X syndrome (FXS) testing is designed to detect individuals (both males and females) with FXS, as well as carriers of the condition.

NextStepDx PLUS is a whole exome sequencing test designed to identify genetic variants that are associated with disorders of childhood development.

EpiPanelDx PLUS is a genetic testing panel designed for patients who have experienced seizures, infantile spasms, encephalopathy, or febrile seizures.

PGx  test  identifies  over  60  alleles  in  11  genes.  PGx  testing  is  one  aspect  of  personalized  medicine  and  is  used  to  aid  health  care  providers  with medications and dosage.

## Market Opportunity

According to Markets and Markets, the worldwide market for genomics products and services is expected to reach approximately $54.4 billion by 2025, up from approximately $22.7 billion in 2020, representing a compound annual growth rate of 19%.

We believe the two areas of the genomics market that are driving demand for the Saphyr System are:

- Consolidation  of  traditional  cytogenetics  techniques  in  constitutional  and  cancer  applications. To  provide  a  robust  clinical  analysis, cytogenetic assays detect known structural variations that are linked to specific diseases or therapeutic responses. The technologies used for detecting structural variations are expensive and involve cumbersome workflows with relatively limited ability to scale to higher volumes or more complex testing panels. Sequencers tend not to be used for cytogenetics due to their inability to reliably detect structural variations. Cytogenetics laboratories are beginning to adopt Saphyr as a more effective, scalable and efficient approach to finding the structural variations causative to genetic diseases and cancer. For this segment, Saphyr is used alone tool for providing comprehensive and accurate detection of all classes of structural variations and enable clinically relevant calls without the need for any sequencing or legacy cytogenetic technology. We estimate that approximately 2,500 cytogenetics labs exist worldwide.
- Combining  OGM  with  sequencing  for  molecular  genetics  and  discovery  research  applications. In  discovery  research  across  patient cohorts, sequencing is primarily used to find SNVs responsible for disease or therapeutic response. Sequencing alone, however, is significantly limited  due  to  its  inability  to  reveal  structural  variations.  Our  Saphyr  system  has  been  expanding  this  market  segment  by  complementing sequencing to expand the scope of genome variation that can be analyzed in studies to achieve a more comprehensive view of the genome .

We estimate that the current worldwide discovery research and cytogenetics segments together comprise an addressable opportunity for us to sell up to an aggregate of approximately 10,000 OGM-based instruments, representing a total instrument market opportunity of approximately $2.1 billion.

In addition to the instrument sales opportunity, our OGM-based instruments generate recurring revenue from chip consumables and reagents that are used on a per-sample basis. We believe estimate that each of our OGM-based instruments has the potential to create recurring revenue from chip consumable  sales  in  a  range  of  between  $70,000  to  approximately  $175,000  per  year,  suggesting  a  potential  annual  recurring  revenue  from  chip consumable sales opportunity between approximately $0.7 billion to

approximately $1.7 billion. We have based this estimated annual recurring revenue opportunity for chip consumable sales on anticipated customer and an assumed price of $500 per chip consumable and sample prep and labeling kit.

We believe that if our OGM-based instruments can successfully penetrate these addressable market opportunities, this should spur additional basic and translational research creating new areas where Saphyr (or successor instruments) and OGM data can be used to improve the standard of care and patient  management.  These  may  include  preconception,  products  of  conception  and  prenatal  genetic  applications,  uses  to  advance  gene  editing techniques  and  precision  medicine. In  the  long  term,  we  anticipate  potential  opportunities  in  population  screening,  newborn  screening,  biopharma applications in cell quality control and oncology.

Our current market opportunity estimates for total OGM-based instrument sales and annual recurring revenue from chip consumable sales are forwardlooking statements and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. While these were prepared in good faith, we cannot provide assurances as to future results or events. These estimates are based on third-party market research data and our future outlook, which is dependent in principal part on anticipated demand for OGM instruments, complementary capabilities of OGM and NGS, expected consumption of chips and sample prep and labeling kits. In particular, these estimates are based on current and projected selling prices for instruments and consumables, each of which is subject to change over time. These estimates and assumptions underlying our addressable market opportunities involve significant judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive, regulatory, market and financial conditions, as well as future customer demand, business decisions and corporate opportunities  that  may  not  be  realized,  and  that  are  inherently  subject  to  significant  business,  economic,  competitive  and  regulatory  risks  and uncertainties, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. Our underlying assumptions and estimates may prove to be inaccurate  and  our  financial  objectives  may  not  be  realized,  and  therefore  our  actual  results  may  differ  materially  from  these  estimated  addressable market opportunities. In addition, these addressable opportunities should not be construed as financial guidance and should not otherwise be relied upon as being necessarily indicative of future results, and you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these estimated addressable opportunities. In preparing  these  estimated  addressable  opportunities,  we  have  relied  upon  and  assumed,  without  independent  verification,  the  accuracy  and completeness of certain industry and market information provided to us by third parties or through publicly available sources, which information involves assumptions and limitations, and you should not give undue weight to such information.

We  have  established  relationships  with  key  opinion  leaders  in  genomics  research  and  clinical  applications,  including  rare  diseases  and  oncology, including some of the world's most prominent clinical, translational research, basic research, academic and government institutions as well as leading pharmaceutical and diagnostic companies. Examples include Quest Diagnostics, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Harvard Medical School, MD Anderson Cancer Center, Children's Hospital Los Angeles, Columbia University Medical Center, Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, Medical College of Georgia at Augusta University, Children's National Health System, Boston Children's Hospital, PerkinElmer, Praxis Genomics, Garvan Institute of Medical Research, McDonnell Genome Institute at Washington University, National Institutes of Health, Pennsylvania State University, Radboud University Medical Center and Salk Institute for Biological Studies.

## Our Strategy

We are primarily focused on driving adoption of OGM through the Saphyr system. Our goal is to streamline structural variant identification and enable new research in genomics to allow greater insight into their role in human health in ways that have not been possible with any other current research and diagnostic technologies.

Our strategy to achieve this includes:

- Demonstrate  that  Saphyr  is  a  superior  alternative  to  traditional  techniques  in  constitutional  genetic  disorders  and  hematologic malignancy applications. Optical genome mapping has demonstrated superior detection sensitivity for all classes of structural variants relative to karyotyping, FISH and CMA in numerous peer-reviewed publications over the last year and offers benefits of improved assay success rates, faster time to result and a lower total cost. The value proposition and competitive differentiation for OGM in cytogenetics market is exceptionally strong with an immediate opportunity to digitize legacy microscope techniques (karyotyping) with a superior approach using Saphyr. Since the cytogenetics market understands the importance of structural variants and these genomic variants are the basis of this medical discipline, we believe the cytogenetics market is well poised as the entry point for global expansion.
- Complement NGS with OGM in translational, applied and discovery research markets. We believe the combination of NGS and OGM can provide  the  most  comprehensive  and  cost-effective  analysis  of  genome  variants  from  SNVs  to  whole  chromosomes.  NGS  is  an  accurate technique for measuring genome variants below 500 bp while OGM bridges the gap by enabling detection of all structural variants above 500 bp to  reveal  more  answers  and  resolve  previously  unresolved  cases  from  using  NGS  alone.  There  are  over  15,000  NGS  instruments  installed globally and for each of these sequencers our vision is to complement with a mapper in Saphyr to provide a more comprehensive picture of the genome for more discoveries, publications and translation into molecular genetics.

- Accelerate broad reimbursement for OGM and establish it as the standard of care in guidelines by professional medical societies. We are investing in four multi-center clinical studies for postnatal, prenatal, hematologic malignancies and solid tumor analyses relative to standard of care.  Each  study  is  designed  with  an  expectation  for  recruitment  of  1,000  subjects  and  will  assess  sensitivity,  specificity,  reproducibility, concordance and incremental clinically relevant findings relative to standard of care. We are investing in these programs to build the necessary evidence to establish reimbursement and to pave the way for inclusion in professional society guidelines to advance standard of care. The first preliminary readout from the multicenter postnatal study was published in December 2021.
- Support the publication  of  findings  with  OGM  by  our  customers  beyond  the  more  than  340  papers  published  to  date. The annual number  of  publications  featuring  data  generated  by  Saphyr  and  its  predecessor  system  has  steadily  increased  since  2010  when  the  first publication appeared. Recently, the overall number of these publications has grown significantly. For example, of the 340 peer-reviewed and preprint papers published since 2019, 161 were published in 2021 alone. We intend to continue to support and foster our customer base to help grow the number of publications featuring our systems' data. We believe that these publications are impactful as our customers' studies cover structural variations in areas of high unmet medical need, such as rare and undiagnosed pediatric diseases, neurological and muscular diseases, developmental delays and disorders, prostate cancer and leukemia.
- Continue to innovate our products and technologies. We designed Saphyr to accommodate performance enhancements without the need for replacement of the entire instrument. For example, hardware upgrades and new consumables are made available to purchase by customers. We  intend  for  these  performance  enhancements  to  be  delivered  on  a  regular  basis.  In  addition,  we  periodically  make  available  software upgrades to customers through download at no charge. We expect to continue developing and refining our technologies to improve the ease of use of our Saphyr system and enable our existing installed systems to meaningfully increase sample throughput and sensitivity and specificity of structural variation detection. A high throughput version is currently in development that is expected to significantly increase the throughput and lower the cost per sample. Compared to the Saphyr system, which images DNA at a rate of approximately 205 Gbp per hour, the new system is expected to image nearly 820 Gbp per hour and we announced the completion of this protype at the end of 2021.
- Partner with industry-leading companies and laboratories to expand adoption in clinical markets. Establish additional collaborations with customers to help drive validating studies. Expand partnership efforts with clinical diagnostic companies to commercialize LDTs in the U.S. as well as LDTs and approved tests outside the U.S.

## Sales and Marketing

As of December 31, 2021, our commercial team consisted of 152 individuals in sales, sales support and marketing. Our sales support personnel include individuals in customer solutions, field service engineers and field application specialists. This commercial staff is primarily located in North America, Europe, and China. Most of our sales support team is located at our headquarters in San Diego and some work remotely throughout the U.S., Europe, and China.

We sell our products through a direct sales force based in North America and Europe. Our sales strategy involves the use of a combination of sales managers and sales representatives. We expect to increase our sales force as we expand our business.

We  sell  our  products  through  a  network  of  distributors  in  the  Asia-Pacific  region  and  select  other  markets  outside  of  North  America  and  Europe. Specifically, we distribute our instruments and reagents via third-party distributors in markets such as China, Japan, South Korea, Singapore, Australia, India and South Africa. Three of our distributors are in China, one in Australia, one in Italy, one in Sweden, one in Japan and one in South Korea.

The role of our sales managers and sales representatives is to educate customers on the advantages of Saphyr and the applications that our system makes possible.  The  role  of  our  field  application  specialists  is  to  provide  on-site  training  and  scientific  technical  support  to  prospective  and  existing customers.  Our  field  application  specialists  are  technical  experts  with  advanced  degrees,  including  seven  with  PhDs.,  and  generally  have  extensive experience in academic research and core sequencing lab experience.

In addition, we maintain an applications lab team in San Diego, California composed of scientific experts who can transfer knowledge from the research and development team to the field application specialists. The applications lab team also runs foundational scientific collaborations and proof of principle studies, which help demonstrate the value of our product offering to prospective customers. This team also provides commercial services by running samples on Saphyr for researchers who do not have a Saphyr system of their own.

We intend to expand our sales, support, and marketing efforts in the future by expanding our direct footprint in North America and Europe as well as developing a more comprehensive support network in China where significant market opportunities exist. Additionally, we believe that there is significant opportunity in other European, South American, Asia-Pacific and Middle Eastern regions. We plan to expand into these regions via initial penetration with distributors.

Our systems are relatively new to the life science marketplace and require a capital investment by our customers. The sales process typically involves numerous interactions and demonstrations with multiple people within an organization. Some potential customers conduct in-depth evaluations of the system including having us run experiments on in-house Saphyr systems. In addition, in most countries, sales to academic or governmental institutions require participation in a tender process involving preparation of extensive documentation and a lengthy review process. Because of these factors and the budget cycles of our customers, our sales cycle, the time from initial contact with a customer to our receipt of a purchase order, can often be nine to 12 months.

We primarily sell our suite of LDTs to pediatric physicians through a physician-directed 'in-person' sales model. This commercial staff is located in North America, and the sales personnel primarily work remotely in U.S. states where we have obtained insurance reimbursement. Our sales and marketing efforts  are  targeted  primarily  on  specialty  pediatricians,  including  pediatric  neurologists,  medical  geneticists,  and  developmental  and  behavioral pediatricians. We also target general pediatricians with large numbers of patients. Our managed care efforts are directed to establishing contracts and/or credentialing with private and governmental insurance carriers that provide coverage for patients with ASD and other forms of NDDs.

## Instruments

Our instruments are manufactured by a third-party medical device manufacturer. Nearly complete instruments are shipped by the manufacturer to us for final assembly and quality control testing. Upon completion, we ship directly to our customers' locations globally, or distributors' locations in the case of certain  systems  sold  in  the  Asia-Pacific  region.  Installation  of,  and  training  on,  our  products  is  provided  by  our  employees  in  the  markets  where  we conduct direct sales, and by distributors in those markets where we operate with distributors.

We believe this  manufacturing  strategy  is  efficient  and  conserves  capital.  However,  in  the  event  it  becomes  necessary  to  utilize  a  different  contract manufacturer, we would experience additional costs, delays and difficulties in doing so, and our business could be harmed. This manufacturer actively manages obsolescence of all components in our system. This is done through their supply management process where we get notified of any parts that will become obsolete with enough lead time to identify alternatives.

## Consumables

All  our  chip  consumables  are  produced  by  a  third-party  manufacturer  at  its  facility;  however,  we  have  established  procedures  for  a  replacement manufacturer if required. We complete final assembly and quality control assessments of our chips at our headquarters in San Diego.

Our reagents are sourced from a limited number of suppliers, including certain single source suppliers. Reagents include all components required to run a sample on OGM, such as capture and detector reagents, enzyme reagents and enzyme substrate. Although we believe that alternatives would be available, it would take time to identify and validate replacement reagents for our assay kits, which could negatively affect our ability to supply assay kits on  a  timely  basis.  Reagents  are  supplied  through  a  single  source  supplier.  This  supplier  requires  a  sufficient  notification  period  to  allow  for  supply continuity and the identification and technology transfer to a new supplier in the event either party wishes to terminate the relationship.

We  actively  manage  component  obsolescence  by  subscribing  to  our  vendors'  end-of-life  notifications.  If  a  vendor  is  unable  to  provide  sufficient notification, we keep safety stock of the component to minimize disruption to operations.

## Manufacturing and Supply

Our manufacturing strategy is to outsource instrument and chip manufacturing and internally develop and assemble reagent kits in our own facility.

## Software

Our  fundamental  long-term  software  strategy  is  based  on  our  goal  of  making  OGM  ubiquitous  with  increased  utilization  through  simplified  data interpretation and a seamless integration with NGS and array data to provide the most compressive genome analysis. In addition, we can participate directly  in  the  NGS  and array markets for genetic disease and cancer applications independent of OGM using a monetization model with a pay-persample NxClinical software offering. In this manner we can expand our network of Bionano customers into our software ecosystem with among the most comprehensive platform-agnostic genome interpretation solution where our proprietary original content in OGM can be adopted when needed to obtain a more comprehensive view of the genome by revealing all classes of structural variants. We plan on continuing to enable OGM users with the full solution with software at no additional charge while we monetize the per sample utilization for NGS.

## Testing and Laboratory Services

Bionano Labs OGM testing is performed at our lab in San Diego, or at our partner labs in the United States and Europe. We intend to increase our testing capacity, expand our menu of testing, and pursue CLIA certification for the San Diego lab.

For diagnostic testing currently through our Lineagen subsidiary, we maintain contracts with a network of laboratories to perform the wet work on our various LDT tests in order to conserve capital and maintain flexibility of adjusting contract lab based on the best-in-class/most updated technology and customer service. As of December 31, 2021, we have established contracts with two primary laboratories to perform wet lab services. All third-party laboratories have met stringent criteria, including passing a site visit from our management, and being CAP and CLIA-certified. We obtain raw data from laboratories for interpretation and reporting. Our short-term strategy is to augment our existing test menu with OGM based LDT's. Eventually, we intend to convert these tests to OGM.

## Key Agreements

## License Agreement with Princeton University

In  January  2004,  we  entered  into  a  license  agreement,  or  the  License  Agreement,  with  Princeton  University,  or  Princeton.  Pursuant  to  the  License Agreement, we received a worldwide, exclusive right and license to, among other things, manufacture and market products or services utilizing patents and inventions related to our sample preparation, DNA imaging and genomic data analysis platform and other key technology.

We are obligated to pay Princeton an annual license maintenance fee in the mid-four digits, which can be reduced by royalties paid to Princeton during the preceding 12 month period. We are also obligated to make royalty payments to Princeton equal to (i) a percentage in the mid-single digits of our and any of our sub-licensees' net sales of products covered by the License Agreement and (ii) a percentage in the low-single digits of our and any of our sublicensees' revenue from services covered by the License Agreement. Our royalty obligations continue on a licensed product-by-licensed product and licensed service-by-licensed service basis, in every country of the world, until the later of the last sale of a licensed product or service or the expiration of all Princeton patent rights.

The term  of  the  License  Agreement  will  continue  until  all  of  our  royalty  payment  obligations  have  expired,  unless  terminated  earlier.  Princeton  may terminate the License Agreement upon written notice in the event of our material breach of the License Agreement if such breach remains uncured for 60 days. We may terminate the License Agreement without cause upon 60 days' advance written notice to Princeton.

## Agreement for the Manufacture of Our Instruments

We have engaged a single third-party manufacturer to produce and test our instruments on an as-ordered basis. The manufacturer of our instruments has no obligation to manufacture our instruments without a purchase order. In addition, this manufacturer has no obligation to maintain inventory in excess of any open purchase orders or materials in excess of the amount it reasonably determines will be consumed within 90 days. We are obligated to purchase  any  material  deemed  in  excess  pursuant  to  the  agreement.  The  price  we  pay  is  determined  according  to  a  mutually  agreed-upon  pricing formula. We may terminate a purchase order by giving the manufacturer at least 30 days' written notice.

## Agreement for the Manufacture of Our Chip Consumables

We have engaged a single third-party manufacturer to manufacture our chip consumables used in our Saphyr system and provide engineering services to us. This third-party has no obligation to manufacture our chip consumables without a purchase order. The prices and fees we pay are established in our agreement  with  this  manufacturer  or  determined  by  the  manufacturer  pursuant  if  supported  by  appropriate  information.  Our  agreement  with  this manufacturer automatically renews for successive one year terms unless a party notifies the other party in writing at least 30 days prior to the expiration of the then-current term. We may terminate an order of the agreement at any time upon 30 days' written notice.

## Intellectual Property

## Genome Analysis

Our core technology for nucleic acid research is related to methods and devices for non-sequencing based analysis of macromolecules such as nucleic acids. Using this technology, long (high-molecular weight) nucleic acids can be suitably labeled and elongated in order to ascertain structural information such as scaffold  organization,  copy  number,  and  genomic  repeats  that  is  not  readily  obtained  with  current  sequencing-based  approaches.  We  have secured and continue to pursue intellectual property rights globally, including rights related to analysis of nucleic acid molecules, as well as innovations in the molecular biology and bioinformatics spaces.

We have developed  a  global  patent  portfolio  that  includes  101  issued  patents  or  allowed  applications  across  26  patent  families  and  an  exclusively licensed portfolio of patents and applications from Princeton University, which includes 35 patents across two families. The global patent portfolio owned and licensed by us has effective filing dates ranging from 2001 to 2018. The owned and licensed patent families contain issued patents and pending applications that relate to devices, systems, and methods for macromolecular analysis, genetic testing, computer software systems and reflect our active and ongoing research programs.

In  addition  to  pursuing  patents,  we  have  taken  steps  to  protect  our  intellectual  property  and  proprietary  technology  by  entering  into  confidentiality agreements and intellectual property assignment agreements with our employees, consultants, corporate partners and, as applicable, advisors.

## Diagnostic Services

Lineagen, Inc. has registered trademarks to certain of its genetic testing services and a patent portfolio of patent applications that relate to diagnostic tests and methods to diagnose or predict disease by detecting one or more of ASD-associated CNVs, methods for assessing the presence or absence of a chromosomal deletion or duplication syndrome and methods of selecting patients for treatment based on such assessments, probe compositions, and related  PCR-based  methods  of  diagnosis  by  detecting  ASD-associated  SNPs  and  /  or  CNVs,  methods  for  treating  Wolf-Hirschhorn  syndrome  (4Psyndrome) seizures with cannabidiol or with vitamin B6 combination in patients with deletion of particular seizure susceptibility region, and has exclusively licensed a method of identifying a genome sequence mutation that is linked to causality of a disease using computer program product from The Hospital for Sick Children (SickKids) in in Toronto, Canada.

## Software

BioDiscovery has over 25 years of experience in development of software and algorithms for analysis, visualization, and interpretation of genomic data. It has amassed a large base of commercial grade code along with expertise in multi-modal data integration with specific methods for copy number analysis. In addition to patents for microarray array data and image analysis, it has developed CNV segmentation algorithms called SNP-Rank and Fast Adaptive State  Segmentation  Technology  (FASST).  Additionally,  the  company  BioDiscovery  invented  the  Multi-Scale  Reference  (MSR)  algorithm  for  CNV detection from NGS data.

## Government Regulation

Our business is subject to and impacted by extensive and frequently changing laws and regulations in the United States (at both the federal and state levels)  and  internationally.  These  include  laws  and  regulations  particular  to  our  business  and  laws  and  regulations  relating  to  conducting  business generally (e.g., export controls laws, U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar laws of other jurisdictions). We also are subject to inspections and audits by governmental agencies. Set forth below are highlights of certain key regulatory schemes applicable to our business. Below are discussions concerning government regulation of our Optical Genome Mapping, or OGM, products and services and, separately, our Diagnostic Services.

## Optical Genome Mapping

Our OGM products are currently intended for research use only, or RUO, applications, although our customers may use our products to develop their own products that are subject to regulation by the FDA. Although most products intended for RUO are not currently subject to clearance or approval by the FDA, RUO products fall under the FDA's jurisdiction if they are used for clinical rather than research purposes. Consequently, our products are labeled 'For Research Use Only.'

The FDA's 2013 Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff on 'Distribution of In Vitro Diagnostic Products Labeled for Research Use Only or Investigational Use Only,' or, the RUO/IUO Guidance, provides the FDA's thinking on when IVD products are properly labeled for RUO or for IUO.  The  RUO/IUO  Guidance  explains  that  the  FDA  will  review  the  totality  of  the  circumstances  when  evaluating  whether  equipment  and  testing components are properly labeled as RUO. Merely including a labeling statement that a product is intended for research use only will not necessarily exempt the device from the FDA's 510(k) clearance, premarket approval, or other requirements, if the circumstances surrounding the distribution of the product  indicate  that  the  manufacturer  intends  its  product  to  be  used  for  clinical  diagnostic  use.  These  circumstances  may  include  written  or  verbal marketing claims or links to articles regarding a product's performance in clinical applications, a manufacturer's provision of technical support for clinical validation or clinical applications, or solicitation of business from clinical laboratories, all of which could be considered evidence of intended uses that conflict with RUO labeling.

When marketed for clinical diagnostic use, our products will be regulated by the FDA as medical devices. The FDA defines a medical device in part as an instrument, apparatus, implement, machine, contrivance, implant, in vitro reagent, or other similar or related article which is intended for the diagnosis of disease or other conditions or in the cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease in man. FDA regulates the development, testing, manufacturing, marketing, post-market surveillance, distribution, advertising and labeling of medical devices. The FDA also requires the device to be registered by the medical device manufacturer and listed as a marketed product.

The FDA classifies medical devices into one of three classes on the basis of the intended use of the device, the risk associated with the use of the device for  that  indication,  as  determined  by  the  FDA,  and  on  the  controls  deemed  by  the  FDA  to  be  necessary  to  reasonably  ensure  their  safety  and effectiveness. Class I devices, which have the lowest level of risk associated with them, are subject to general controls. Class II devices are subject to general controls and special controls, including performance standards. Class III devices, which have the highest level of risk associated with them, are subject  to  general  controls  and  premarket  approval.  Most  Class  I  devices  and  some  Class  II  devices  are  exempt  from  a  requirement  that  the manufacturer submit a premarket notification, or 510(k), and receive clearance from the FDA which is otherwise a

premarketing requirement for a Class II device. Class III devices may not be commercialized until a premarket approval application, or PMA, is submitted to and approved by the FDA.

## 510(k) Clearance Pathway

To obtain 510(k) clearance, a sponsor must submit to the FDA a premarket notification demonstrating that the device is substantially equivalent, or SE, to a device legally marketed in the U.S. for which a PMA was not required. The FDA is supposed to make a SE determination within 90 days of FDA's receipt of the 510(k), but it often takes longer if the FDA requests additional information. Most 510(k)s do not require supporting data from clinical trials, but the FDA may request such data.

## Premarket Approval Pathway

A PMA must be submitted if a new device cannot be cleared through the 510(k) process. The PMA process is generally more complex, costly and time consuming  than  the  510(k)  process.  A  PMA  must  be  supported  by  extensive  data  including,  but  not  limited  to,  technical,  preclinical,  clinical  trials, manufacturing and labeling  to  demonstrate  to  the  FDA's  satisfaction  the  safety  and  effectiveness  of  the  device  for  its  intended  use.  After  a  PMA  is sufficiently complete, the FDA will accept the application for filing and begin an in-depth review of the submitted information. By statute, the FDA has 180 days to review the accepted application, although, review of the application generally can take between one and three years. During this review period, the FDA may request additional information or clarification of information already provided. Also during the review period, an advisory panel of experts from outside the FDA may be convened to review and evaluate the application and provide recommendations to the FDA as to the approvability of the device. In addition, the FDA will conduct a preapproval inspection of the manufacturing facility to ensure compliance with its quality system regulations, or QSRs. New premarket approval applications or premarket approval application supplements are also required for product modifications that affect the safety and efficacy of the device.

## Clinical Trials

Clinical  trials  are  usually  required  to  support  a  PMA  and  are  sometimes  required  for  a  510(k).  In  the  U.S.,  if  the  device  is  determined  to  present  a 'significant  risk,'  the  manufacturer  may  not  begin  a  clinical  trial  until  it  submits  an  investigational  device  exemption  application,  or  IDE,  and  obtains approval of the IDE from the FDA. These clinical trials are also subject to the review, approval and oversight of an institutional review board, or IRB, at each clinical trial site. The clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with the FDA's IDE regulations and good clinical practices. A clinical trial may be suspended by the FDA, the sponsor or an IRB at its institution at any time for various reasons, including a belief that the risks to the study participants outweigh the benefits of participation in the trial. Even if a clinical trial is completed, the results may not demonstrate the safety and efficacy of a device to the satisfaction of the FDA, or may be equivocal or otherwise not be sufficient to obtain approval of a device.

After a medical device is placed on the market, numerous regulatory requirements apply. These include among other things:

- Compliance with QSRs, which require manufacturers to follow stringent design, testing, control, documentation, record maintenance, including maintenance of complaint and related investigation files, and other quality assurance controls during the manufacturing process;
- Reporting of device malfunctions, serious injuries or deaths;
- Registration of the establishments where the devices are produced;
- Labeling regulations, which prohibit the promotion of products for uncleared or unapproved uses; and
- Medical device reporting obligations, which require that manufacturers investigate and report to the FDA adverse events, including deaths, or serious injuries that may have been or were caused by a medical device and malfunctions in the device that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if it were to recur.

Failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements can result in enforcement action by the FDA, which may include sanctions, including but not limited to, warning letters; fines, injunctions, and civil penalties; recall or seizure of the device; operating restrictions, partial suspension or total shutdown of production; refusal to grant 510(k) clearance or PMA approvals of new devices; withdrawal of 510(k) clearance or PMA approvals; and civil or criminal prosecution. To ensure compliance with regulatory requirements, medical device manufacturers are subject to market surveillance and periodic, prescheduled and unannounced inspections by the FDA.

## Laboratory Developed Tests (LDTs)

Federal agencies involved in the regulation of LDTs include CMS and the FDA. CMS regulates the quality of clinical laboratories and the clinical testing process  pursuant  to  the  Clinical  Laboratory  Improvement  Amendments  of  1988  (CLIA)  and  the  FDA  regulates  the  safety  and  effectiveness  of  the diagnostic test pursuant to authorities in the Federal, Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FDCA). Although the FDA has statutory authority to regulate medical devices, the FDA has historically exercised its enforcement discretion and not enforced applicable provisions of the

FDCA  and  FDA  regulations  with  respect  to  LDTs,  which  are  a  subset  of  in  vitro  diagnostic  tests  that  are  intended  for  clinical  use  and  designed, manufactured  and  used  entirely  within  a  single  laboratory.  The  FDA  does  not  consider  devices  to  be  LDTs  if  they  are  designed  or  manufactured completely, or partly, outside of the laboratory that offers and uses them. We sell our Saphyr system on an RUO basis to CLIA certified cytogenetic laboratories, which may use the system to develop LDTs.

At  various  times  since  2006,  the  FDA  has  issued  documents  outlining  its  intent  to  require  varying  levels  of  FDA  oversight  of  many  types  of  LDTs. Congress has also considered legislation that would change how LDTs are regulated. It is unclear at this time if or when the FDA will finalize its plans to end enforcement discretion for LDTs, and even then, whether the new regulatory requirements are expected to be phased-in over time. However, the FDA may decide to regulate certain LDTs on a case-by-case basis at any time. A significant change in the way that the FDA regulates any LDTs that we, our collaborators, or our customers develop using our technology could affect our business. If the FDA requires laboratories to undergo premarket review and comply with other applicable FDA requirements in the future, the cost and time required to commercialize an LDT will increase substantially and may reduce the financial incentive for laboratories to develop LDTs, which could reduce demand for our instruments and our other products. In addition, if the FDA were to change the way that it regulates LDTs to require that we undergo pre-market review or comply with other applicable FDA requirements before we can sell our instruments or our other products to clinical cytogenetics laboratories, our ability to sell our instruments and other products to this addressable market would be delayed, thereby impeding our ability to penetrate this market and generate revenue from sales of our instruments and our other products.

## Europe/Rest of World Government Regulation

Whether or not we obtain FDA approval for a product, we must obtain the requisite approvals from regulatory authorities in non-U.S. countries prior to the commencement of clinical trials or marketing of our product for clinical diagnostic use in those countries. The regulations in other jurisdictions vary from those in the U.S. and may be easier or more difficult to satisfy and are subject to change. For example, the European Union recently published new regulations that will result in greater regulation of medical devices and IVDs. The IVD Regulation is significantly different from the IVD Directive that it replaces in that it will ensure that the new requirements apply uniformly and on the same schedule across the member states, including a risk-based classification  system  and  increasing  the  requirements  for  conformity  assessment.  The  conformity  assessment  process  results  in  the  receipt  of  a  CE designation which has been sufficient to begin marketing many types of IVDs. That process will become more difficult and costly to complete.

## Other Governmental Regulation

We are subject to laws and regulations related to the protection of the environment, the health and safety of employees and the handling, transportation and disposal of medical specimens, infectious and hazardous waste and radioactive materials. For example, the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration  has  established  extensive  requirements  relating  specifically  to  workplace  safety  for  healthcare  employers  in  the  U.S.  This  includes requirements  to  develop  and  implement  multi-faceted  programs  to  protect  workers  from  exposure  to  blood-borne  pathogens,  including  preventing  or minimizing any exposure through needle stick injuries. For purposes of transportation, some biological materials and laboratory supplies are classified as hazardous materials and are subject to regulation by one or more of the following agencies: the U.S. Department of Transportation, the U.S. Public Health Service, the U.S. Postal Service and the International Air Transport Association. We generally use third-party vendors to dispose of regulated medical waste, hazardous waste and radioactive materials that we may use during our research.

Laboratories that purchase certain of our OGM products and perform clinical diagnostic testing are also subject to extensive regulation under the Clinical Laboratory  Improvement  Amendments  of  1988,  or  CLIA,  requiring  clinical  laboratories  to  meet  specified  standards  in  areas  such  as  personnel qualifications, administration, participation in proficiency testing, patient test management, quality control, quality assurance and inspections. Adverse interpretations  of  current  CLIA  regulations  or  future  changes  in  CLIA  regulations  could  have  an  adverse  effect  on  sales  of  any  affected  products. Moreover, if we decide to operate our own clinical testing laboratory with respect to our OGM products, such clinical testing would require compliance with CLIA. If, in the future, we operate our own clinical laboratory to perform clinical diagnostic testing with respect to our OGM products, such activities would  become  subject  to  the  Health  Insurance  Portability  and  Accountability  Act  of  1996,  or  HIPAA,  and  its  corresponding  regulations,  as  well  as additional federal and state laws that impose a variety of fraud and abuse prohibitions on healthcare providers, including clinical laboratories.

## Coverage and Reimbursement

Currently, our OGM product, Saphyr, is for research use only, but clinical laboratories may acquire our instrumentation through a capital purchase or capital lease and use the Saphyr and direct label stain chemistry to create their own potentially reimbursable products, such as laboratory developed tests for in vitro diagnostics. Our customers may generate revenue for these testing services by seeking the necessary approval of their product from the FDA or CMS, along with coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors, including government health programs and private health plans. The ability of our customers to commercialize diagnostic tests based on our technology will depend in part on the extent to which coverage and reimbursement for these tests will be available from such third-party payors.

In the U.S., molecular testing laboratories have multiple options for reimbursement coding, but we expect that the primary codes used will be the genomic sequencing  procedure  codes,  or  GSPs.  The  American  Medical  Association,  or  AMA,  added  GSPs  to  its  clinical  laboratory  fee  schedule  in  2015.  In addition, CMS recently issued a coverage determination providing for the reimbursement of next-generation sequencing for certain cancer diagnostics using an FDA-approved in vitro diagnostic test. Private health plans often follow CMS coverage and reimbursement guidelines to a substantial degree, and it  is  difficult  to  predict  what  CMS  will  decide  with  respect  to  the  coverage  and  reimbursement  of  any  products  or  services  our  customers  try  to commercialize.

In Europe, coverage for molecular diagnostic testing is varied. Countries with statutory health insurance (e.g., Germany, France, The Netherlands) tend to be more progressive in technology adoption with favorable reimbursement for molecular diagnostic testing. In countries such as the United Kingdom with tax-based insurance, adoption and reimbursement for molecular diagnostic testing is not uniform and is influenced by local budgets.

Ultimately, coverage and reimbursement of new products and services is uncertain, and whether laboratories that use our instruments to develop their own products or services will attain coverage and adequate reimbursement is unknown. In the U.S., there is no uniform policy for determining coverage and reimbursement. Coverage can differ from payor to payor, and the process for determining whether a payor will provide coverage may be separate from the process for setting the reimbursement rate. In addition, the U.S. government, state legislatures and foreign governments have shown significant interest in implementing cost containment programs to limit the growth of government-paid healthcare costs, including price controls and restrictions on reimbursement.

## Diagnostic Services

## Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988 and State Regulation

As a clinical  laboratory,  we  are  required  to  hold  certain  federal  and  state  licenses,  certifications  and  permits  to  conduct  our  business.  As  to  federal certifications, in 1988, Congress passed the CLIA, establishing more rigorous quality standards for all commercial laboratories that perform testing on human specimens for the purpose of providing information for the diagnosis, prevention, or treatment of disease or the assessment of the health or impairment  of  human  beings.  CLIA  requires  such  laboratories  to  be  certified  by  the  federal  government  and  mandates  compliance  with  various operational, personnel, facilities administration, quality and proficiency testing requirements intended to ensure the accuracy, reliability and timeliness of patient test results. CLIA certification is also a prerequisite to be eligible to bill state and federal healthcare programs, as well as many commercial thirdparty  payers,  for  laboratory  testing  services.  Our  laboratory  located  in  Salt  Lake  City,  Utah  is  CLIA  certified.  This  laboratory  must  comply  with  all applicable CLIA requirements. If a clinical laboratory is found to be out of compliance with CLIA standards, CMS may impose sanctions, limit or revoke the laboratory's CLIA certificate (and prohibit the owner, operator or laboratory director from owning, operating, or directing a laboratory for two years following license revocation), a directed plan of correction, on-site monitoring, civil monetary penalties, civil actions for injunctive relief, criminal penalties, or suspension or exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs.

CLIA provides that a state may adopt laboratory licensure requirements and regulations that are more stringent than those under federal law and requires compliance with such laws and regulations. The State of Utah follows all CLIA regulations for laboratory facility and personnel requirements. Utah does not have any additional licensure and regulations.

Our laboratory in Salt Lake City, Utah has also been accredited by the College of American Pathologists, or CAP, which means that our laboratory has been certified as following CAP standards and guidelines in operating the laboratory facility and in performing tests that ensure the quality of our test results. Further, certain states require clinical laboratories to obtain licenses to test specimens from patients, or to receive orders from physicians, within those states. We hold such out-of-state laboratory licenses in California, Pennsylvania, and Maryland

## HIPAA and other Privacy Laws

The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ('HIPAA'), established comprehensive federal standards for the privacy and security of health information. The HIPAA standards apply to three types of organizations: health plans, healthcare clearing houses, and healthcare providers that conduct certain healthcare transactions electronically ('Covered Entities'). Title II of HIPAA, the Administrative Simplification Act, contains provisions that address  the  privacy  of  health  data,  the  security  of  health  data,  the  standardization  of  identifying  numbers  used  in  the  healthcare  system  and  the standardization of certain healthcare transactions. The privacy regulations protect medical records and other protected health information by, among other things, limiting their use and release, giving patients the right to access their medical records and limiting most disclosures of health information to the minimum amount necessary to accomplish an intended purpose. The HIPAA security standards require the adoption of administrative, physical, and technical safeguards and the adoption of written security policies and procedures.

On February 17, 2009, Congress enacted Subtitle D of the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, provisions of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009. HITECH expanded and strengthened HIPAA, created new targets for enforcement, imposed new penalties for noncompliance and established new breach notification requirements for Covered Entities. Regulations implementing major provisions of HITECH were finalized on January 25, 2013 through publication of the HIPAA Omnibus Rule (the 'Omnibus Rule').

Under HITECH's breach notification requirements, Covered Entities must report breaches of protected health information that has not been encrypted or otherwise secured in accordance with guidance from the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (the 'Secretary'). Required breach notices must be made as soon as is reasonably practicable, but no later than 60 days following discovery of the breach. Reports must be made to affected individuals and to the Secretary and, in some cases depending on the size of the breach, they must be reported through local and national media. Breach reports can lead to investigation, enforcement and civil litigation, including class action lawsuits.

As a result of our clinical diagnostic services, we are currently subject to HIPAA and maintain an active compliance program that is designed to identify security  incidents  and  other  issues  in  a  timely  fashion  and  enable  us  to  remediate,  mitigate  harm  or  report  if  required  by  law.  We  are  subject  to prosecution  and/or  administrative  enforcement  and  increased  civil  and  criminal  penalties  for  non-compliance,  including  a  new,  four-tiered  system  of monetary penalties adopted under HITECH. We are also subject to enforcement by state attorneys general who were given authority to enforce HIPAA under HITECH. To mitigate penalties under the HITECH breach notification provisions, we must ensure that breaches of protected health information are promptly detected and reported within the company, so that we can make all required notifications on a timely basis. However, even if we make required reports on a timely basis, we may still be subject to penalties for the underlying breach.

In addition to the federal privacy and security regulations, there are a number of state laws regarding the privacy and security of health information and personal data that are applicable to our clinical  laboratories.  Many  states  have  also  implemented  genetic  testing  and  privacy  laws  imposing  specific patient consent requirements and protecting test results by strictly limiting the disclosure of those results. State requirements are particularly stringent regarding predictive genetic tests, due to the risk of genetic discrimination against healthy patients identified through testing as being at a high risk for disease. We believe that we have taken the steps required of us to comply with health information privacy and security statutes and regulations, including genetic testing and genetic information privacy laws in all jurisdictions, both state and federal. However, these laws constantly change, and we may not be able to maintain compliance in all jurisdictions where we do business. Failure to maintain compliance, or changes in state or federal laws regarding privacy or security could result in civil and/or criminal penalties, significant reputational damage and could have a material adverse effect on our business.

The General Data Protection Regulation ('GDPR'), which applies to all EU member states from May 25, 2018, also applies to some of our operations. The  GDPR  is  discussed  in  more  detail  elsewhere  in  this  report.  The  GDPR  applies  not  only  to  organizations  within  the  EU,  but  also  applies  to organizations outside of the EU that offer goods or services to EU data subjects or that process or hold personal data of EU data subjects. The regulation specifies higher potential liabilities for certain data protection violations, and we anticipate that it will result in a greater compliance burden for us as we conduct our business in the European Union. Fines for non-compliance can range from the greater of 2% of annual global revenues or €10 million, up to the greater of 4% of annual global revenues or €20 million. The GDPR is discussed in more detail under the heading 'International Regulations' below.

## Transparency Laws and Regulations

A federal law known as the Physician Payments Sunshine Act (the 'Sunshine Act') requires certain medical device manufacturers to track and report to the federal government certain payments and other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and  chiropractors),  other  healthcare  professionals  (such  as  physician  assistants  and  nurse  practitioners),  and  teaching  hospitals  and  ownership  or investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. Manufacturers must report data for the previous calendar year by the 90th day  of  the  then-current  calendar  year.  CMS  then  publishes  the  data  on  a  publicly  available  website  no  later  than  June  30th.  There  are  also  state 'sunshine' laws that require manufacturers to provide reports to state governments on pricing and marketing information. Several states have enacted legislation requiring medical device manufacturers to, among other things, establish marketing compliance programs, file periodic reports with the state, make periodic public disclosures on sales and marketing activities, and such laws may also prohibit or limit certain other sales and marketing practices. These laws may adversely affect our sales, marketing, and other activities by imposing administrative and compliance burdens on us. If we fail to track and report as required by these laws or to otherwise comply with these laws, we could be subject to the penalty provisions of the pertinent state and federal authorities.

## Reimbursement and Billing

Reimbursement and billing for diagnostic services is highly complex. Laboratories must bill various payors, such as private third-party payors, including managed care organizations ('MCO'), and state and federal health care programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and each may have different billing requirements.  Additionally,  the  audit  requirements  we  must  meet  to  ensure  compliance  with  applicable  laws  and  regulations,  as  well  as  our  internal compliance policies and procedures, add further complexity to the billing process. Other factors that complicate billing include:

- variability in coverage and information requirements among various payors;
- patient financial assistance programs;
- missing, incomplete or inaccurate billing information provided by ordering physicians;
- billings to payors with whom we do not have contracts;
- disputes with payors as to which party is responsible for payment; and
- disputes with payors as to the appropriate level of reimbursement.

Depending on the reimbursement arrangement and applicable law, the party that reimburses us for our services may be:

- a third-party who provides coverage to the patient, such as an insurance company or MCO;
- a state or federal healthcare program; or
- the patient.
- Presently, approximately 90% of our diagnostic service revenue is paid by private third-party payors.

## Federal and State Fraud and Abuse Laws

A variety of state and federal laws prohibit fraud and abuse involving state and federal health care programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid. These laws are  interpreted  broadly  and  enforced  aggressively  by  various  state  and  federal  agencies,  including  CMS,  the  Department  of  Justice,  the  Office  of Inspector  General  for  the  Department  of  Health  and  Human  Services  ('OIG'),  and  various  state  agencies.  In  addition,  the  Medicare  and  Medicaid programs  increasingly  use  a  variety  of  contractors  to  review  claims  data  and  to  identify  improper  payments  as  well  as  fraud  and  abuse.  Any overpayments must be repaid within 60 days of identification unless a favorable decision is obtained on appeal. In some cases, these overpayments can be used as the basis for an extrapolation, by which the error rate is applied to a larger set of claims, and which can result in even higher repayments.

## Anti-Kickback Laws

The Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual, or the furnishing, arranging for or recommending of an item or service that is reimbursable, in whole or in part, by a federal health care program. 'Remuneration' is broadly defined to include anything of monetary value, such as, for example,  cash  payments,  gifts  or  gift  certificates,  discounts,  or  the  furnishing  of  services,  supplies  or  equipment.  The  Anti-Kickback  Statute  can  be interpreted broadly to prohibit many arrangements and practices that are lawful in businesses outside of the health care industry.

Recognizing the potential breadth of interpretation of the Anti-Kickback Statute and the fact that it may technically prohibit many otherwise innocuous or beneficial  arrangements  within  the  health  care  industry,  the  OIG  has  issued  a  series  of  regulations,  or  safe  harbors  intended  to  protect  such arrangements. Compliance with all requirements of a safe harbor immunizes the parties to the business arrangement from prosecution under the AntiKickback Statute. The failure of a business arrangement to fit within a safe harbor does not necessarily mean that the arrangement is illegal or that the OIG will pursue prosecution but would be evaluated on a case-by-case basis. Still, in the absence of an applicable safe harbor, a violation of the AntiKickback Statute may occur even if only one purpose of an arrangement is to induce referrals. The penalties for violating the Anti-Kickback Statute can be  severe.  These  sanctions  include  criminal,  civil  and  administrative  penalties,  imprisonment  and  possible  exclusion  from  the  federal  health  care programs.  Many  states  have  adopted  laws  similar  to  the  Anti-Kickback  Statute,  and  some  apply  to  items  and  services  reimbursable  by  any  payor, including private third-party payors.

Further, the Eliminating Kickbacks in Recovery Act of 2018, or EKRA, prohibits payments for referrals to recovery homes, clinical treatment facilities, and laboratories. EKRA's reach extends beyond federal health care programs to include private insurance (i.e., it is an 'all payor' statute). For purposes of EKRA, the term 'laboratory' is defined broadly and without reference to any connection to substance use disorder treatment. The law includes a limited number  of  exceptions,  some  of  which  closely  align  with  corresponding  federal  Anti-Kickback  Statute  exceptions  and  safe  harbors,  and  others  that materially differ.

## Physician Self-Referral Bans

The federal ban on physician self-referrals, commonly known as the Stark Law, prohibits, subject to certain exceptions, physician referrals of Medicare patients to an entity providing certain designated health services, which include laboratory services, if the physician or an immediate family member of the physician has any financial relationship with the entity. Several Stark Law exceptions are relevant to arrangements involving clinical laboratories, including but not limited to: (1) fair market value compensation for the provision of items or services; (2) payments by physicians to a laboratory for clinical laboratory services; (3) certain space and equipment rental arrangements that satisfy certain requirements; and (4) personal services arrangements. Penalties for violating the Stark Law include the return of funds received for all prohibited referrals, fines, civil monetary penalties and possible exclusion from federal health care programs. In addition to the Stark Law, many states have their own self-referral bans, which may extend to all self-referrals, regardless of the payor.

## State and Federal Prohibitions on False Claims

The federal False Claims Act imposes liability on any person or entity that, among other things, knowingly presents, or causes to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment to the federal government. Under the False Claims Act, a person acts knowingly if he or she has actual knowledge of the information or acts in deliberate ignorance or in reckless disregard of the truth or falsity of the information. Specific intent to defraud is not required. The qui tam provisions of the False Claims Act allow a private individual to bring an action on behalf of the federal government and to share in any amounts paid by the defendant to the government in connection with the action. Penalties include payment of up to three times the actual damages sustained by the government, plus significant civil penalties, as well as possible exclusion from federal health care programs. In addition, various states have enacted similar laws modeled after the False Claims Act that apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state health care programs, and, in several states, such laws apply to claims submitted to any payor.

## Civil Monetary Penalties Law

The federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law, or the CMP Law, prohibits, among other things, (1) the offering or transfer of remuneration to a Medicare or state  health  care  program  beneficiary  if  the  person  knows  or  should  know  it  is  likely  to  influence  the  beneficiary's  selection  of  a  particular  provider, practitioner, or supplier of services reimbursable by Medicare or a state health care program, unless an exception applies; (2) employing or contracting with an individual or entity that the provider knows or should know is excluded from participation in a federal health care program; (3) billing for services requested by an unlicensed physician or an excluded provider; and (4) billing for medically unnecessary services. The penalties for violating the CMP Law include exclusion, substantial fines, and payment of up to three times the amount billed, depending on the nature of the offense.

## Penalties

Failure to comply with the aforementioned fraud and abuse laws could result in significant penalties, including civil, criminal, and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs, additional  integrity  oversight  and  reporting  obligations,  imprisonment,  contractual  damages,  and  reputational  harm.  If  any  of  the  physicians  or  other healthcare providers or entities with whom we do business is found to be not in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs.

## International Regulations

We market some of our tests outside of the United States and are subject to foreign regulatory requirements governing laboratory licensure, human clinical testing, use of tissue, privacy and data security, and marketing approval for our tests. These requirements vary by jurisdiction, differ from those in the United States and may require us to implement additional compliance measures or perform additional pre-clinical or clinical testing. For example, the In Vitro Diagnostic Medical Devices (2017/746/EU) ('IVDR') will replace the existing In Vitro Diagnostic Medical Devices Directive (98/79/EC) ('IVDD') in the  European  Union  ('EU').  The  IVDR  was  published  in  May  2017,  marking  the  start  of  a  five-year  period  of  transition  from  the  IVDD.  During  the transitional  period  the  IVDR will  come into force gradually, starting with the provisions related to the designation of Notified Bodies and the ability of manufacturers to apply for new certificates under the IVDR. The transitional period will end on 26 May 2022, the 'Date of Application' ('DoA') of the Regulation. From that point the IVDR will apply fully. The EU has also implemented the General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, which requires us to meet new and more stringent requirements regarding the handling of personal data about European Union residents. In many countries outside of the United States, coverage, pricing and reimbursement approvals are also required. We are also required to maintain accurate information on and control over sales and distributors' activities that may fall within the purview of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, its books and records provisions and its antibribery provisions.

## Other Regulatory Requirements

Our laboratory is subject to federal, state and local regulations relating to the handling and disposal of regulated medical waste, hazardous waste and biohazardous waste, including chemical, biological agents and compounds, blood and bone marrow samples and other human tissue. Typically, we use outside vendors who are contractually obligated to comply with applicable laws and regulations to dispose of such waste. These vendors are licensed or otherwise qualified to handle and dispose of such waste.

We are subject to laws and regulations related to the protection of the environment, the health and safety of employees and the handling, transportation and disposal of medical specimens, infectious and hazardous waste and radioactive materials. For example, the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration  ('OSHA')  has  established  extensive  requirements  relating  specifically  to  workplace  safety  for  healthcare  employers  in  the  U.S.  This includes  requirements  to  develop  and  implement  multi-faceted  programs  to  protect  workers  from  exposure  to  blood-borne  pathogens,  including preventing or minimizing any exposure through needle stick injuries. For purposes of transportation, some biological materials and laboratory supplies are classified as hazardous materials and are subject to regulation by one or more of the following agencies: the U.S. Department of Transportation, the U.S. Public  Health  Service,  the  United  States  Postal  Service,  the  Office  of  Foreign  Assets  Control,  and  the  International  Air  Transport  Association.  We generally use third-party vendors to dispose of regulated medical waste, hazardous waste and radioactive materials and contractually require them to comply with applicable laws and regulations.

## Healthcare Reform

In the U.S. and abroad, there have been and continue to be a number of legislative initiatives to contain healthcare costs and change the way healthcare is  financed.  By  way  of  example,  in  March  2010,  the  Patient  Protection  and  Affordable  Care  Act,  as  amended  by  the  Health  Care  and  Education Reconciliation Act, collectively, the ACA, became law. The ACA is a sweeping law intended to broaden access to health insurance, reduce or constrain the  growth  of  healthcare  spending,  enhance  remedies  against  fraud  and  abuse,  add  new  transparency  requirements  for  the  healthcare  and  health insurance industries, impose new taxes and fees on the health industry and impose additional health policy reforms.

There have been executive, judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. For example, President Trump signed several Executive Orders and other directives designed to delay the implementation of certain provisions of the ACA or otherwise circumvent some of the requirements for health insurance mandated by the ACA. Concurrently, Congress considered legislation to repeal or repeal and replace all or part of the ACA. While Congress has not passed comprehensive repeal legislation, it has enacted laws that modify certain provisions of the ACA, such as removing penalties, effective January 1, 2019, for not complying with the ACA's individual mandate to carry health insurance. On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argued the ACA is unconstitutional in its entirety because the 'individual mandate' was repealed by Congress. Thus, the ACA will remain in effect in its current form. Prior to the U.S. Supreme Court ruling, on January 28, 2021, President Biden issued an executive  order  to  initiate  a  special  enrollment  period  from  February  15,  2021  through  August  15,  2021  for  purposes  of  obtaining  health  insurance coverage  through  the  ACA  marketplace.  The  executive  order  also  instructed  certain  governmental  agencies  to  review  and  reconsider  their  existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the ACA. It is possible that the ACA will be subject to judicial or Congressional challenges in the future. It is unclear how such challenges and the healthcare reform measures of the Biden administration will impact the ACA and our business.

Further, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ACA was enacted. For example, on April 1, 2014, the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014, or PAMA, was signed into law, which, among other things, significantly altered the payment methodology under the Medicare Clinical  Laboratory  Fee  Schedule,  or  CLFS.  PAMA  requires  certain  laboratories  performing  clinical  diagnostic  laboratory  tests  to  report  to  CMS  the amounts paid by private payors for laboratory tests. Beginning on January 1, 2018, CMS has begun using reported private payor pricing to periodically revise payment rates under the CLFS. Based on current law, between January 1, 2023 and March 31, 2023, applicable laboratories will be required to report on data collected during January 1, 2019 and June 30, 2019. This data will be utilized to determine 2024 to 2026 CLFS rates.

We expect that additional state and federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and  state  governments  will  pay  for  healthcare  products  and  services.  For  example,  Congress  is  considering  additional  health  reform  measures.  In addition, sales of our tests outside of the U.S. will subject us to foreign regulatory requirements, which may also change over time. Further, it is possible that additional governmental action is taken in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.

## Other Healthcare Laws

Our operations are directly or indirectly, through our customers, subject to various federal and state fraud and abuse laws, including, without limitation, the federal  and  state  anti-kickback  statutes  and  false  claims  laws.  These  laws  may  impact,  among  other  things,  our  sales  and  marketing  and  education programs, and our financial and business relationships with researchers who use our instruments to develop marketed products or services. By way of example: the federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, any person or entity from, among other things, knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving,  offering  or  paying  any  remuneration,  directly  or  indirectly,  to  induce,  or  in  return  for,  purchasing,  leasing,  ordering,  or  arranging  for  or recommending the purchase, lease, or order of any good, facility, item, or service reimbursable, in whole or in part, under a federal healthcare program; and the federal false claims laws, including, without limitation the federal civil False Claims Act, prohibit, among other things, anyone from knowingly and willingly presenting, or causing to be presented for payment, to the federal government (including Medicare and Medicaid) claims for reimbursement for, among  other  things,  drugs  or  services  that  are  false  or  fraudulent,  claims  for  items  or  services  not  provided  as  claimed,  or  claims  for  medically unnecessary items or services.  The  ACA,  among  other  things,  amended  the  intent  requirement  of  the  federal  Anti-Kickback  Statute  to  clarify  that  a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a crime. In addition, the ACA clarifies that the government may assert that a claim that includes items or service resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act.

Further, the Eliminating Kickbacks in Recovery Act of 2018, or EKRA, prohibits payments for referrals to recovery homes, clinical treatment facilities, and laboratories. EKRA's reach extends beyond federal health care programs to include private insurance (i.e., it is an 'all payor' statute). For purposes of EKRA, the term 'laboratory' is defined broadly and without reference to any connection to substance use disorder treatment. The law includes a limited number  of  exceptions,  some  of  which  closely  align  with  corresponding  federal  Anti-Kickback  Statute  exceptions  and  safe  harbors,  and  others  that materially differ. Additionally, the Stark Law, which prohibits a physician from making a referral for certain designated health services covered by the Medicare or Medicaid program, including laboratory and pathology services, if the physician  or  an  immediate  family  member  of  the  physician  has  a financial relationship with the entity providing the designated health services and prohibits that entity from billing, presenting or causing to be presented a claim for the designated health services furnished pursuant to the prohibited referral, unless an exception applies.

There are also state and foreign law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws, that may impose similar or more prohibitive restrictions, and may apply to items or services reimbursed by any non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers. In addition, we may be subject to HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act and their implementing regulations, which imposes certain requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information without appropriate  authorization  by  entities  subject  to  the  rule,  such  as  health  plans,  healthcare  clearinghouses  and  certain  healthcare  providers  and  their business associates who create, use or disclose individually identifiable health information on their behalf. We may also be subject to state and foreign laws that govern the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts.

If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws, we may be subject to significant penalties, including, without limitation, civil, criminal, and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs, additional integrity oversight and reporting obligations, imprisonment, contractual damages, and reputational harm.

## Human Capital Management

As of December 31, 2021, we had 299 employees, of which 152 work in sales, sales support and marketing, 80 work in research and development, 34 work in operations and 33 work in general and administrative. As of December 31, 2021, of our 299 employees, 251 were located in the U.S. and 48 were employed outside the U.S. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or are subject to a collective bargaining agreement.

Our  human  capital  resources  objectives  include,  as  applicable,  identifying,  recruiting,  retaining,  incentivizing  and  integrating  our  existing  and  new employees, advisors and consultants. The principal purposes of our equity incentive plans are to attract, retain and reward personnel through the granting of stock-based compensation awards, in order to increase stockholder value and the success of our company by motivating such individuals to perform to the best of their abilities and achieve our objectives.

## Corporate Information

We were formed in  January  2003  as  BioNanomatrix  LLC,  a  Delaware  limited  liability  company.  In  August  2007,  we  became  BioNanomatrix  Inc.,  a Delaware  corporation.  In  October  2011,  we  changed  our  name  to  BioNano  Genomics,  Inc.,  and  in  July  2018,  we  changed  our  name  to  Bionano Genomics, Inc.

Our principal executive offices are located at 9540 Towne Centre Drive, Suite 100, San Diego, California 92121, and our telephone number is (858) 8887600. Our website address is www.bionanogenomics.com. Information contained in, or that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report, and you should not consider information on our website to be part of this Annual Report. Our design logo, 'Bionano,' and our other registered and common law trade names, trademarks and service marks are the property of Bionano Genomics, Inc.

## Available Information

Access to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to these reports filed with or furnished to the SEC, may be obtained through the investor section of our website at http://www.bionanogenomics.com. We do not charge for access to and viewing of these reports. Information in the investor section and on our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any of our other securities filings. Our filings with the SEC may be accessed through the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. All statements made in any of our securities filings,  including  all  forward-looking  statements  or  information,  are  made  as  of  the  date  of  the  document  in  which  the  statement  is  included  unless otherwise specified, and we do not assume or undertake any obligation to update any of those statements or documents unless we are required to do so by law.

## ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

## RISK FACTORS

You should consider and read carefully all of the risks and uncertainties described below, as well as other information included in this Annual Report, including our financial statements and related notes appearing below. The risks described below are not the only ones facing us. The occurrence of any of the  following  risks  or  additional  risks  and  uncertainties  not  presently  known  to  us  or  that  we  currently  believe  to  be  immaterial  could  materially  and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In such case, the trading price of our securities could decline. This Annual Report also contains forward-looking statements and estimates that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of specific factors, including the risks and uncertainties described below.

## Risks related to our financial condition and need for additional capital

## We  are  an  early  commercial-stage  company  and  have  a  limited  commercial-history,  which  may  make  it  difficult  to  evaluate  our  current business and predict our future performance.

We are an early commercial-stage company and have a limited commercial history. Our limited commercial history may make it difficult to evaluate our current business and, especially when combined with the other risk factors listed in this section, makes predictions about our future success or viability subject to significant uncertainty. In particular, we have significantly increased our headcount through recent acquisitions of other businesses and the expansion of our sales, marketing and research and development teams, which has increased our operating costs in a manner not historically reflected in our consolidated financial statements, and plan to further increase headcount as we expand our operations. Our business model has evolved over time, and combined with our recent acquisitions, this has impacted the composition and concentration of our revenues, which we expect to continue to change with any future acquisitions and further expansion of our operations. These changes, among others, may make it difficult to evaluate our current business, assess our future performance relative to prior performance and accurately predict our future performance. We have encountered in the past, and will continue to encounter in the future, risks and difficulties frequently experienced by early commercial-stage companies, including those associated with scaling up our infrastructure, increasing the size of our organization and integrating acquired businesses. If we do not address these risks

successfully,  or  if  our  assumptions  regarding  these  risks  and  uncertainties  are  incorrect  or  change  over  time,  our  results  of  operations  could  differ materially from our expectations and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

## We have incurred recurring net losses since we were formed and expect to incur losses in the future. We cannot be certain that we will achieve or sustain profitability.

Since our inception, we have incurred recurring net losses. We incurred net losses of $72.4 million and $41.1 million, and used cash in operations of $71.9 million and $38.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of $216.1 million. We cannot predict if we will be profitable in the near future or at all. We expect that our losses will continue for the foreseeable future as we  plan  to  invest  significant  additional  funds  toward  the  expansion  of  our  commercial  organization,  research  and  development  efforts  and  capital expenditures, among other things. Our recent acquisitions have increased our expenses and we expect that any future acquisitions of businesses, assets, products or technologies will further increase our expenses, which may result in additional losses. We also expect significant increases in our stock-based compensation expense in future periods, reflecting higher stock option valuations as a public company and the issuance of additional equity awards due to increased headcount. In addition, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses as a result of being a public company, especially as we no longer  qualify  as  an  emerging  growth  company  or  a  smaller  reporting  company  and  are  therefore  required  to  comply  with  additional  disclosure  and compliance requirements, subject to a transition period. These factors, among others, will make it hard for us to achieve and sustain profitability. We may also incur significant losses in the future for a number of other reasons, many of which are beyond our control, including the level of market acceptance of our products, the introduction of competitive products and technologies, our future product development efforts, our market penetration and our margins, as well as the other risks described below.

## Our quarterly and annual operating results and cash flows have fluctuated in the past and might continue to fluctuate, which makes our future operating results difficult to predict and could cause the market price of our securities to decline substantially.

Numerous factors, many of which are outside our control, may cause or contribute to significant fluctuations in our quarterly and annual operating results. These fluctuations may make financial planning and forecasting uncertain and may result in unanticipated decreases in our available cash, which could negatively affect our business and prospects. In addition, one or more of such factors may cause our revenue or operating expenses in one period to be disproportionately higher or lower relative to the other periods. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis might not be meaningful. You should not rely on our past results as indicative of our future performance. Moreover, our stock price might be based on expectations of future  performance that are unrealistic or that  we  might  not  meet  and,  if  our  revenue  or  operating  results  fall  below  the  expectations  of  investors  or securities analysts, the price of our securities could decline substantially.

Our operating results have varied in the past. In addition to other risk factors listed in this section, some of the important factors that, alone or together, may cause fluctuations in our quarterly and annual operating results include:

- adoption of our optical genome mapping solutions on our Saphyr system or successor systems;
- the successful integration of our Lineagen and BioDiscovery businesses;
- execution on our commercial and reimbursement strategy involving Lineagen;
- customer  demand  for  current  BioDiscovery  software  solutions,  including  NxClinical,  and  future  software  solutions  developed  through BioDiscovery's platform;
- the timing of customer orders and payments and our ability to recognize revenue;
- the rate of utilization of consumables by our customers;
- reductions in or other difficulties relating to staffing, capacity, shutdowns or slowdowns of laboratories and other institutions in our customer base, as  well  as  other  impacts  stemming  from  the  COVID-19  pandemic  or  other  similar  factors,  such  as  reduced  or  delayed  investment  in  new technologies or spending on products, technologies or consumables;
- differences in purchasing patterns across our customer base, including potential differences in consumables spending between earlier adopters of our technologies and more recent customers and variances in rates of increase of consumables spending following new technology purchases, some of which may be compounded by impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic;
- our ability to successfully integrate new personnel, technology and other assets that we may acquire into our company;
- the timing of the introduction of new systems, products, technologies, system and product enhancements and services;

- changes in governmental funding of life sciences research and development or other changes that impact budgets, budget cycles or seasonal or other spending patterns of our customers;
- future accounting pronouncements or changes in our accounting policies; and
- the outcome of any current or future litigation or governmental investigations involving us or other third parties with whom we do business.

In addition, a significant portion of our operating expenses are relatively fixed in nature, and planned expenditures are based in part on expectations regarding future revenue. Accordingly, unexpected revenue shortfalls could decrease our gross margins and cause significant changes in our operating results from quarter to quarter. If this occurs, the trading price of our securities could fall substantially.  This variability and unpredictability caused by factors  such  as  those  described  above  and  elsewhere in  this  section  could  also  result  in  our  failing  to  meet  the  expectations  of  industry  or  financial analysts or investors for any period. If our revenue or operating results fall below the expectations of analysts or investors or below any guidance we may provide, or if the guidance we provide is below the expectations of analysts or investors, the price of our securities could decline substantially. Such a stock price decline could occur even when we have met or exceeded any previously publicly stated guidance.

## If we are unable to maintain adequate revenue growth or do not successfully manage such growth, our business and growth prospects will be harmed.

We may not achieve substantial growth rates in future periods. Investors should not rely on our operating results for any prior periods as an indication of our  future  operating  performance.  To  effectively  manage  our  anticipated  future  growth,  we  must  continue  to  maintain  and  enhance  our  financial, accounting, manufacturing, customer support and sales administration systems, processes and controls. Failure to effectively manage our anticipated growth  could  lead  us  to  over-invest  or  under-invest  in  development,  operational  and  administrative  infrastructure;  result  in  weaknesses  in  our infrastructure, systems, or controls; give rise to operational mistakes, losses, loss of customers, productivity or business opportunities; and result in loss of employees and reduced productivity of remaining employees.

Our continued growth could require significant capital expenditures and might divert financial resources from other projects such as the development of new products, technologies and services. As additional products and technologies are commercialized, we may need to incorporate new equipment, implement  new  technology  systems,  or  hire  new  personnel  with  different  qualifications.  Failure  to  manage  this  growth  or  transition  could  result  in turnaround time delays, higher product costs, declining product quality, deteriorating customer service, and slower responses to competitive challenges. A failure in any one of these areas could make it difficult for us to meet market expectations for our products and technologies, and could damage our reputation and the prospects for our business.

If our management is unable to effectively manage our anticipated growth, our expenses may increase more than expected, our revenue could decline or grow more slowly than expected and we may be unable to implement our business strategy. The quality of our products, technologies and services may suffer, which could negatively affect our reputation and harm our ability to retain and attract customers.

## Our  future  capital  needs  are  uncertain  and  we  will  require  additional  funding  in  the  future  to  advance  the  commercialization  of  Saphyr, NxClinical and our other products, technologies and services, as well as continue our research and development efforts. If we fail to obtain additional funding, we will be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our commercialization and development efforts.

Our operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since our inception. We expect to continue to spend substantial amounts of cash in order to continue the commercialization of our products and technologies, fund our research and development programs, expand headcount and execute potential strategic  transactions.  Although  we  raised $384.7  million  of  gross  proceeds  during  2021,  we  may  need  to  raise  additional  funding,  or  we  may  seek additional capital due to favorable market conditions or strategic considerations, even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans. Such funding may mean the sale of common or preferred equity or convertible debt securities, entry into one or more credit facilities or another form of third-party funding, or seeking other debt financing. We may also consider raising additional capital in the future to expand our business, to pursue strategic investments, to take advantage of financing opportunities, or for other reasons, including to:

- expand our sales and marketing efforts to further commercialize our products, technologies and services and address competitive developments;
- expand our research and development efforts to improve our existing products, technologies and services and develop and launch new products, technologies and services, particularly if any of our products, technologies and services are deemed by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, to be medical devices or otherwise subject to additional regulation by the FDA;

- seek FDA approval to market our existing RUO products or new products utilized for diagnostic purposes;
- lease  additional  facilities  or  build  out  existing  facilities  as  we  continue  to  grow  our  employee  headcount,  inventory  and  research  and development;
- further expand our operations outside the United States;
- enter into collaboration arrangements, if any, or in-license products and technologies;
- acquire or invest in complimentary businesses or assets;
- add operational, financial and management information systems; and
- cover increased costs incurred as a result of continued operation as a public company, including costs resulting from our no longer qualifying as an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company and becoming a large accelerated filer.

Our future funding requirements will be influenced by many factors, including:

- market acceptance of our products, technologies and services, and the variability in costs to achieve such acceptance;
- the cost and timing of establishing additional sales, marketing and distribution capabilities;
- the cost of our research and development activities;
- our ability to satisfy any outstanding or future debt obligations;
- the success of our existing distribution and marketing arrangements and our ability to enter into additional arrangements in the future;
- the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic; and
- the effect of competing technological and market developments.

The  various  ways  we  could  raise  additional  capital  carry  potential  risks.  We  cannot  assure  you  that  we  will  be  able  to  obtain  additional  funds  on acceptable terms, or at all. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity or equity-linked securities, our stockholders may experience dilution. Any equity or debt securities we issue could provide for rights, preferences, or privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock. Future debt financing, if available, may involve covenants restricting our operations or our ability to incur additional debt. Any debt or equity financing may contain terms that are not  favorable  to  us  or  our  stockholders.  If  we  raise  additional  funds  through  collaboration  and  licensing  arrangements  with  third  parties,  it  may  be necessary to relinquish some rights to our technologies or our products, or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us.

If we do not have, or are not able to obtain, sufficient funds, we may have to delay development or commercialization of our technologies and products. We also may have to reduce marketing, customer support or other resources devoted to our products or technologies or cease operations. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results and business. Any of the foregoing could significantly harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operation and could cause the price of our securities to decline.

Our business, and that of our customers, has been adversely affected by the effects of public health crises, including the COVID-19 pandemic. In particular, the COVID-19 pandemic has materially affected our operations globally, including at our headquarters in San Diego, California, as well as the business or operations of our research partners, customers and other third parties with whom we conduct business.

Our  business  could  be  adversely  affected  by  health  crises  in  regions  where  we  have  operations,  concentrations  of  sales  and  marketing  teams, distributors or other business operations. Such health crises could also affect the business or operations of our research partners, customers and other third parties with whom we conduct business. In particular, the evolving effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and government measures taken in response have  had  significant  impacts,  both  direct  and  indirect,  on  businesses  and  commerce,  as  significant  reductions  in  business-related  activities  have occurred, supply chains have been disrupted, and manufacturing and clinical development activities have been curtailed or suspended. Continued remote work policies, quarantines, shelter-in-place and similar government orders, shutdowns or other restrictions on the conduct of business operations related to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have materially affected and may continue to materially affect how we, our customers, and our suppliers are operating our businesses.

In response to public health directives and orders implemented in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have implemented work-from-home policies for  certain  employees.  We  have  also  modified  certain  business  practices,  including  those  related  to  employee  travel  and  cancellation  of  physical participation in meetings, events and conferences, and implemented new protocols to promote social distancing and enhance sanitary measures in our offices and facilities. The quarantine of our personnel and the inability to access our facilities or customer sites has adversely affected, and is expected to continue adversely affecting, our operations, namely in sales and marketing and product delivery. For example, we experienced at various times during the

pandemic the inability to visit certain customer sites to support installation or service our OGM systems. In addition, certain members of our workforce are now performing their duties remotely and these employees have not been able to maintain the same level of productivity and efficiency due a lack of resources that would otherwise be available to them in our offices and additional demands on their time, such as increased responsibilities resulting from school closures or the illness of family members. Furthermore, our remote workforce poses increased risks to our information technology systems and data as more of our personnel leverage resources not necessarily within our control.

The effects of these public health directives and orders and our related adjustments in our business have negatively impacted productivity, disrupted our business and delayed our timelines, the magnitude of which will depend, in part, on the length and severity of the restrictions and other limitations on our ability to conduct our business in the ordinary course. The spread of COVID-19 has resulted in a widespread health crisis that is also adversely affecting economies  and  financial  markets  globally,  which may  negatively  affect  demand  for  our  products,  technologies  and  services  and  materially  affect  us financially.  For  example,  customers  who  have  committed  to  order  minimum  quantities  of  consumables  or  to  purchase  our  Saphyr  instrument  have delayed these commitments. Further, restrictions on our ability to travel, stay-at-home orders and other similar restrictions on our business have limited our ability to support our global and domestic operations, including providing installation and training and customer service, resulting in disruptions in our sales and marketing efforts and negative impacts on our commercial strategy. In addition, while many of our employees have been vaccinated, we do not know if vaccination will remain effective against further COVID-19 variants such as the Delta and Omicron variants. To the extent our employees are exposed to or become ill with COVID-19, our ability to conduct our operations may be impaired from time to time.

In addition, disruption of global financial markets as a result of COVID-19 may limit our ability to access capital, which could negatively affect our liquidity. A recession or market correction resulting from the spread of COVID-19 could also materially affect our business and the value of our securities even after the outbreak of COVID-19 has subsided due to, among other things, unforeseen adverse impacts on us or our third-party manufacturers, vendors and customers.

Also, in connection with our Lineagen diagnostic services, COVID-19 poses the risk that we or our employees, contractors, suppliers, courier delivery services and other partners may be prevented from conducting business activities for an indefinite period of time, including due to spread of the disease within these groups or due to shutdowns that may be requested or mandated by governmental authorities. The continued spread of COVID-19 and the measures taken by the governments of countries affected could disrupt the supply chain of materials needed for our diagnostic tests, interrupt our ability to receive specimens, impair our ability to perform or deliver the results from our tests, impede patient movement or interrupt healthcare services causing a decrease in test volumes, delay coverage decisions from Medicare and third-party payors, delay ongoing and planned clinical trials involving our tests and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, COVID-19 related disruptions to the global supply chain created challenges in our getting sufficient components and raw materials for production of our OGM systems and consumables. If the pandemic persists, these disruptions could reoccur or persist.

These and similar, and perhaps more severe, disruptions in our operations could negatively impact our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, quarantines, stay-at-home, executive and similar government orders, or the perception that such orders, shutdowns or other restrictions on the conduct of business operations could occur, have disrupted our supply chain and affected customer decision-making. For example, any actual or perceived disruption in our product distribution channel could alter customer buying decisions, prompting customers to delay or cancel their orders, which would negatively impact our sales revenue and could harm our reputation. In addition, we anticipate that ongoing disruptions in our supply chain will cause shortages in the materials required to operate our instruments, therefore limiting our ability to process customer samples and the ability of users of our system to operate our system.

The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 outbreak or a similar health epidemic is highly uncertain and subject to change. We do not yet know the full extent of delays or impacts on our business or the global economy as a whole, and such impacts may not be fully recoverable. In addition, the current and potential adverse impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects, may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks and uncertainties described in this Annual Report.

## Changes in tax laws or regulations that are applied adversely to us or our customers may have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, financial condition or results of operations.

New income, sales, use or other tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be enacted at any time, which could adversely affect our business  operations  and  financial  performance.  Further,  existing  tax  laws,  statutes,  rules,  regulations  or  ordinances  could  be  interpreted,  changed, modified or applied adversely to us. For example, legislation enacted in 2017 informally titled the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, or the Tax Act, enacted many significant changes to the U.S. tax laws. Future guidance from the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities with respect to the Tax Act may affect us, and certain aspects of the Tax Act could be repealed or modified in future legislation. For example, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act, or the CARES Act, modified certain provisions of the Tax Act. In addition, it is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to the Tax Act, the CARES Act or any newly enacted federal tax legislation. In

addition,  the  Biden  administration  and  Congress  have  proposed  various  changes  to  the  U.S.  federal  tax  regime.  Certain  of  these  proposals  include, among other things, eliminating or modifying some of the provisions enacted in the Tax Act, a significant increase in the corporate income tax rate, a new alternative minimum tax on book income and changes in the taxation of non-U.S. income. While these proposals have not yet been enacted and it is unclear whether these proposals or similar changes will ultimately ever be enacted, the passage of any legislation as a result of these proposals or any other future changes in U.S. tax laws could have a material impact on the value of our deferred tax assets, could result in significant one-time charges, and could increase our future U.S. tax expense. Moreover, should the scale of our international business activities expand, any changes in the U.S. taxation  of  such  activities  or  any  other  changes  in  applicable  non-U.S.  tax  laws  could  increase  our  worldwide  effective  tax  rate  and  harm  our  future financial position and results of operations.

## Our ability to use net operating losses and certain other tax attributes to offset future taxable income and taxes may be subject to limitations.

As of December 31, 2021, we have federal and state tax net operating loss carryforwards of $341.1 million and $158.4 million, respectively. The federal tax  loss  carryforwards  include  $176.8  million  that  do  not  expire,  but  utilization  of  such  tax  loss  carryforwards  in  taxable  years  beginning  after December  31,  2021  is  limited  to  80%  of  our  taxable  income.  The  remaining  federal  tax  loss  carryforwards  of  $164.3  million  and  state  tax  loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2027 and 2023, respectively, unless previously utilized. As of December 31, 2021, we also have federal and California research credit  carryforwards  of  $6.7  million  and  $6.1  million,  respectively.  The  federal  research  credit  carryforwards  begin  to  expire  in  2027  unless previously utilized. The California research credits carry forward indefinitely.

In addition, utilization of net operating losses and research and development credit carryforwards may be subject to limitations due to ownership changes that have occurred or that could occur in the future in accordance with applicable provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, and corresponding provisions of state law. We may have experienced one or more ownership changes in the past and we may also experience additional ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent changes in our stock ownership, some of which may be outside of our control. If an ownership change occurs and our ability to use our net operating loss or research and development credit carryforwards is materially limited, it would harm our future operating results by increasing our future tax obligations. In addition, at the state level, there may be periods during which the use of net operating loss carryforwards is suspended or otherwise limited, which could accelerate or permanently increase state taxes owed.

## U.S. taxation of international business activities or the adoption of tax reform policies could materially impact our future financial position and results of operations.

Limitations on the ability of taxpayers to claim and utilize foreign tax credits and the deferral of certain tax deductions until earnings outside of the U.S. are repatriated to the U.S., as well as changes to U.S. tax laws that may be enacted in the future, could impact the tax treatment of future foreign earnings. Should the scale of our international business activities expand, any changes in the U.S. taxation of such activities could increase our worldwide effective tax rate and harm our future financial position and results of operations.

## If our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies are based on assumptions that change or prove to be incorrect, our results of operation could fall below our publicly announced guidance or the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of our securities.

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, or GAAP , requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities, equity, revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. If our assumptions  underlying  our  estimates  and  judgements  relating  to  our  critical  accounting  policies  change  or  if  actual  circumstances  differ  from  our assumptions, estimates or judgements, our operating results may be adversely affected and could fall below our publicly announced guidance or the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of our securities.

## Risks related to our business operations

## Acquisitions, joint ventures and other strategic transactions could disrupt or otherwise harm our business and may cause dilution to our stockholders.

As part of our growth strategy, we have acquired and may continue to acquire other businesses, products or technologies as well as pursue strategic alliances, joint ventures, technology licenses or investments in complementary businesses or assets. We may not be able to locate or make suitable acquisitions on acceptable terms, and future acquisitions may not be effectively and profitably integrated into our business. Our failure to successfully complete the integration of any business or assets that we

acquire could have an adverse effect on our prospects, business activities, cash flow, financial condition, results of operations and stock price. Integration challenges may include the following:

- disruption in our relationships with customers, distributors or suppliers as a result of such a transaction;
- unanticipated expenses and liabilities related to acquired companies or assets;
- disputes with the seller(s) of any acquired companies or assets or litigation resulting from acquired companies or assets;
- difficulties integrating acquired personnel, technologies, operations and legal compliance obligations into our existing business;
- diversion of management time and focus from operating our business to acquisition integration challenges;
- increases in our expenses and reductions in our cash available for operations and other uses;
- possible write-offs or impairment charges relating to acquired businesses or assets;
- difficulties developing and marketing new products, technologies and services;
- entering markets in which we have limited or no prior experience; and
- coordinating our efforts throughout various localities and time zones.

Foreign  acquisitions  involve  unique  risks  in  addition  to  those  mentioned  above,  including  those  related  to  integration  of  operations  across  different cultures and languages, currency risks and the particular economic, political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries.

In addition, in connection with any such transactions, we may also issue equity securities in a dilutive manner, incur additional debt, assume contractual obligations or liabilities or expend significant cash. Such transactions could harm our operating results and cash position, negatively affect the price of our stock and cause dilution to our current stockholders. For example, in connection with our acquisition of Lineagen, Inc., or Lineagen, a U.S.-based provider of proprietary molecular diagnostics services for individuals presenting with certain neurodevelopmental disorders, we issued 6.2 million shares of our common stock, and in our acquisition of BioDiscovery, LLC., or BioDiscovery, a U.S.-based software company with solutions for analysis, interpretation and reporting of genomics data, we paid upfront consideration consisting of a combination of approximately $52.3 million in cash and 2.7 million shares of our common stock. In connection with the acquisition of BioDiscovery, we issued an additional 5.0 million shares of our common stock subject to vesting based on continued service of a key employee. The issuances of shares in connection with the Lineagen and BioDiscovery acquisitions resulted in dilution  to  our  existing  stockholders,  the  payment  of  cash  in  the  BioDiscovery  acquisition  reduced  our  cash  by  approximately  $52.3  million  and  our headcount increased by more than 50 employees as a result of both acquisitions. Accordingly, in addition to transaction costs, these acquisitions have increased our operating expenses, further increasing our net losses. We cannot predict the number, timing or size of any future strategic transactions, or the effect that any such transactions might have on our operating results.

Although  we  conducted  extensive  business,  financial  and  legal  due  diligence  in  connection  with  our  evaluation  of  our  recent  acquisitions,  our  due diligence investigations may not have identified every matter that could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition, and such investigations may have identified matters that, in the opinion of our management based on information available at the time, bore an acceptable level of risk that they, individually or in the aggregate, might or might not adversely affect our business, operating results or financial condition. We may be unable to adequately address the financial, legal and operational risks introduced by our recent acquisitions and may have difficulty developing experience with the industries in which Lineagen and/or BioDiscovery operate. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee that our recent acquisitions will yield the results we have anticipated  and  unforeseen  complexities  and  expenses  may  arise.  In  addition,  we  may  not  achieve  the  revenues,  growth  prospects  and  synergies expected from these recent acquisitions, and any such benefits we do achieve may not offset our increased costs, resulting in a potential impairment of goodwill or other assets that were acquired. For any future acquisitions, we may similarly be unable to achieve revenue, growth prospects and synergies in a manner consistent with our expectations. Our failure to do so could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.

## If our products or technologies fail to achieve and sustain sufficient market acceptance, our revenue will be adversely affected.

Our success depends on our ability to develop and market products and technologies that are recognized and accepted as reliable, enabling and costeffective. Most of the potential customers for our products and technologies already use expensive research systems in their laboratories that they have used for many years and may be reluctant to replace those systems with ours. Market acceptance of our systems will depend on many factors, including our ability to demonstrate to potential customers that our technology is an attractive alternative to existing technologies. Compared to some competing technologies,

our technology is new and complex, and many potential customers have limited knowledge of, or experience with, our products and technologies. Prior to adopting our systems, some potential customers may need to devote time and effort to testing and validating our systems. Any failure of our systems to meet these customer benchmarks could result in potential customers choosing to retain their existing systems or to purchase systems other than ours. In addition, it is important that our gene mapping systems be perceived as accurate and reliable by the scientific and medical research community as a whole. The scientific community is comprised of a small number of early adopters and key opinion leaders who significantly influence the rest of the community. Historically, a significant part of our sales and marketing efforts has been directed at demonstrating the advantages of our technology to industry leaders, including those key opinion leaders, and encouraging such leaders to publish or present the results of their evaluation of our system. If we are unable to continue to motivate leading researchers to use our technology, or if such researchers are unable to achieve or unwilling to publish or present significant experimental results using our systems, acceptance and adoption of our systems will be slowed and our ability to increase our revenue would be adversely affected. We also run the risk that researchers may produce publications or presentations with findings that are negative about our technologies or systems, and that such findings may be due to factors outside of our control, which may also slow acceptance and adoption of our systems and adversely affect our ability to increase our revenue.

## Equity issuances in connection with strategic transactions or raising additional capital may cause dilution to our stockholders or restrict our operations.

From time to time, we expect to finance our strategic transactions or cash needs through a combination of equity and debt financings. To the extent that we finance our strategic transactions or raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest could be diluted and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a common stockholder. Debt financing may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends and may be secured by all or a portion of our assets.

For example, on August 13, 2020, we entered into an At Market Issuance Sales Agreement with Ladenburg Thalmann &amp; Co. Inc., as sales agent, or Ladenburg, under which we were eligible to offer and sell up to $40.0 million of shares of our common stock from time to time through Ladenburg. In the first half of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, we sold approximately 6.3 million shares of common stock through Ladenburg for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately $16.9 million and exhausted our capacity under this sales agreement. In January 2021, we completed two underwritten public offerings pursuant to which we issued an aggregate of approximately 71.7 million shares of our common stock for gross proceeds, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses, of approximately $331.8 million. In March 2021, we entered into a new at-the-market facility with Cowen and Company, LLC, or Cowen, which provides for the sale, in our sole discretion, of shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $350.0 million through or to Cowen, acting as sales agent or principal. In August and September 2021, we sold 2.3 million shares of common stock through Cowen for gross proceeds of approximately $13.9 million before deducting offering costs. In addition, we issued shares of our common stock in connection with our recent acquisitions of Lineagen and BioDiscovery. Any future significant sales of our capital stock or strategic transactions  in  which  we  use  equity  as  consideration  would  result  in  further  dilution  to  our  current  stockholders.  As  a  result  of  these  issuances,  our investors experienced dilution of their ownership interests.

## The issuance of shares under awards granted under existing or future employee equity benefit plans may cause immediate and substantial dilution to our existing stockholders.

In order to provide persons who have a responsibility for our management and/or growth with additional incentive, to increase their proprietary interest in our success, and to support and increase our ability to attract and retain individuals of exceptional talent, we maintain multiple equity incentive plans. The total number of shares of our common stock available for the grant of awards under these plans is 6.2 million, 0.2 million and 0.7 million for our 2018 Equity  Incentive  Plan,  as  amended,  2018  Employee  Stock  Purchase  Plan  and  2020  Inducement  Plan,  respectively,  subject  to  adjustment,  including pursuant to automatic 'evergreen' increases in certain of our plans. As of December 31, 2021, we had outstanding equity awards underlying those plans of 13.4 million. We may also adopt one or more additional employee equity benefit plans in the future. The issuance of shares under an employee equity benefit plan may result in substantial dilution to the interests of other stockholders. For example on February 15, 2022, our Board of Directors granted our executive officers options to purchase an aggregate of 4.3 million shares of our common stock, which represented approximately  1% of our outstanding shares of common stock based on the 289.6 million shares of common stock outstanding as of February 24, 2022. Accordingly, the issuance of shares under current or future employee equity benefit plans will have the effect of further diluting the proportionate equity interest and voting power of holders of our common stock.

If  we are unable to execute our sales and marketing strategy for our Lineagen products and services, including diagnostic assays, and are unable to gain acceptance in the market, we may be unable to generate sufficient revenue to sustain our Lineagen business.

Our Lineagen business provides molecular diagnostics services and has engaged in only limited sales and marketing activities for the diagnostic assays currently offered through our CLIA-certified laboratory. To date, the revenue generated by our Lineagen business has been insufficient to fund operations.

Although we believe that our current assays and our planned future assays represent a promising commercial opportunity, our products or assays may never gain significant acceptance in the marketplace and therefore may never generate substantial revenue or profits for us. We will need to establish a market for our products and diagnostic assays and build that market through physician education, awareness programs and the publication of clinical trial results. Gaining acceptance in medical communities requires, among other things, publications in leading peer-reviewed journals of results from studies using our current products, assays and services and/or our planned future products, assays and services. The process of publication in leading medical journals is subject to a peer review process and peer reviewers may not consider the results of our studies sufficiently novel or worthy of publication. Failure to have our studies published in peer-reviewed journals would limit the adoption of our current products, assays and services and our planned future products, assays and services.

Our ability to successfully market the products and diagnostic assays that we have developed, and may develop in the future, will depend on numerous factors, including:

- conducting clinical utility studies of such assays in collaboration with key thought leaders to demonstrate their use and value in important medical decisions such as treatment selection;
- whether our current or future partners, vigorously support our offerings;
- the success of our sales force;
- whether healthcare providers believe such diagnostic assays provide clinical utility;
- whether the medical community accepts that such diagnostic assays are sufficiently sensitive and specific to be meaningful in patient care and treatment decisions;
- our ability to continually source raw materials, shipping kits and other products that we sell or consume in our manufacturing process that are of sufficient quality and supply;
- our ability to continue to fund planned sales and marketing activities; and
- whether  private  health  insurers,  government  health  programs  and  other  third-party  payors  will  adopt  our  current  and  future  assays  in  their guidelines, or cover such diagnostic assays and, if so, whether they will adequately reimburse us.

The COVID-19 pandemic may also increase the risk and uncertainty of the events described above and delay our development timelines. Failure to achieve widespread market acceptance of our current products, assays and services, as well as our planned future products, assays and services, would materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.

In the near term, sales of our Saphyr system, the NxClinical software, our consumables and our genome analysis services will depend on levels  of  research  and  development  spending  by  clinical  research  laboratories,  academic  and  governmental  research  institutions  and biopharmaceutical companies, a reduction in which could limit demand for our technologies and adversely affect our business and operating results.

In  the  near  term,  we expect that our revenue from sales of our Saphyr system, NxClinical software, consumables and OGM services will be derived primarily from sales to academic and governmental research institutions, as well as biopharmaceutical and contract research companies worldwide for research  applications.  The  demand  for  our  products  and  technologies  will  depend  in  part  upon  the  research  and  development  budgets  of  these customers, which are impacted by factors beyond our control, such as:

- changes in government programs that provide funding to research institutions and companies;
- macroeconomic conditions and the political climate;
- changes in the regulatory environment;
- scientists' and customers' opinions of the utility of new products, technologies or services
- reductions in or other difficulties  relating  to  staffing,  capacity,  shutdowns  or  slowdowns  of  laboratories  and  other  institutions  as  well  as  other impacts stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic;
- differences in budgetary cycles; and
- market acceptance of relatively new technologies, such as ours.

For example, in March 2017, the federal government announced the intent to cut federal biomedical research funding by as much as 18%. While there has been significant opposition to these funding cuts, the uncertainty regarding the availability of research funding for potential customers may adversely affect our operating results. Our operating results may fluctuate

substantially  due  to  reductions  and  delays  in  research  and  development  expenditures  by  these  customers.  Any  decrease  in  customers'  budgets  or expenditures, including impacts stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic, or in the size, scope or frequency of capital or operating expenditures, could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.

## The sales cycle for our systems can be lengthy and variable, which makes it difficult for us to forecast revenue and other operating results.

The sales process for our systems generally involves numerous interactions with multiple individuals within an organization, and often includes in-depth analysis  by  potential  customers  of  our  technology  and  products  and  a  lengthy  review  process.  Our  customers'  evaluation  processes  often  involve  a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. As a result of these factors, the capital investment required to purchase our systems and the budget cycles of our customers, the time from initial contact with a customer to our receipt of a purchase order can vary significantly. Given the length and uncertainty of our sales cycle, we have in the past experienced, and expect to in the future experience, fluctuations in our sales on a period-to-period basis. In addition, any failure to meet customer expectations could result in customers choosing to retain their existing systems, use existing assays not requiring capital equipment or purchase systems other than ours.

## Our long-term results depend upon our ability to improve existing products and technologies and introduce and market new products and technologies successfully.

Our  business  is  dependent  on  the  continued  improvement  of  our  existing  products  and  technologies  and  our  development  of  new  products  and technologies  utilizing  our  current  or  other  potential  future  technology.  As  we  introduce  new  products  or  technologies  or  refine,  improve  or  upgrade versions  of  existing  products  or  technologies,  we  cannot  predict  the  level  of  market  acceptance  or  the  amount  of  market  share  these  products  or technologies will achieve, if any. We cannot assure you that we will not experience material delays in the introduction of new products or technologies in the future.

Consistent with our strategy of offering new products and product refinements, we expect to continue to use a substantial amount of capital for product development and refinement. We may need additional capital for product development and refinement than is available on terms favorable to us, if at all, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.

We generally sell our products and technologies in industries that are characterized by rapid technological changes, frequent new product and technology introductions and changing industry standards. If we do not develop new products and technologies and product and technology enhancements based on technological innovation on a timely basis, our products and technologies may become obsolete over time and our revenues, cash flow, profitability and competitive position will suffer. Our success will depend on several factors, including our ability to:

- correctly identify customer needs and preferences and predict future needs and preferences;
- allocate our research and development funding to products and technologies with higher growth prospects;
- anticipate and respond to our competitors' development of new products and technological innovations;
- innovate and develop new technologies and applications, including software applications through our BioDiscovery subsidiary, and acquire or obtain rights to third-party technologies that may have valuable applications in the markets we serve;
- successfully commercialize new technologies in a timely manner, price them competitively and manufacture and deliver sufficient volumes of new products of appropriate quality on time; and
- customers' willingness to adopt new technologies.

In addition, if we fail to accurately predict future customer needs and preferences or fail to produce viable technologies, we may invest heavily in research and  development  of  products  and  technologies  that  do  not  lead  to  significant  revenue.  For  example,  we  completed  the  BioDiscovery  Acquisition  in October 2021 and will need to devote time and resources in order to further develop and integrate BioDiscovery's software and technology solutions for our  current  and  anticipated  product  offerings.  We  may  be  unsuccessful  in  achieving  our  desired  results  or  in  marketing  such  solutions  to  our  future customers. Even if we successfully innovate and develop new products and technologies and product and technological enhancements, we may incur substantial costs in doing so, and our profitability may suffer.

Our  ability  to  develop  new  products  and  technologies  based  on  innovation  can  affect  our  competitive  position  and  often  requires  the  investment  of significant resources. Difficulties or delays in research, development or production of new products, technologies and services or failure to gain market acceptance of new products and technologies may reduce future revenues and adversely affect our competitive position.

If  we do not successfully manage the development and launch of new products and technologies, our financial results could be adversely affected.

We face risks associated with launching new products and technologies. If we encounter development or manufacturing challenges or discover errors during  our  product  or  technology  development  cycle,  the  launch  dates  of  new  products and  technologies  may  be  delayed.  The  expenses  or  losses associated with unsuccessful product and technology development or launch activities or lack of market acceptance of our new products and technologies could adversely affect our business or financial condition.

## Our future success is dependent upon our ability to further penetrate our existing customer base and attract new customers.

Our  current  customer  base  for  our  products  and  technologies  is  primarily  composed  of  academic  and  governmental  research  institutions  and biopharmaceutical and contract research companies and, for our Lineagen diagnostic services, physicians and their patients. Our success will depend upon our ability  to  respond  to  the  evolving  needs  of,  and  increase  our  market  share  among,  existing  customers  and  additional  potential  customers, marketing new products, technologies and services as we develop them. Identifying, engaging and marketing to customers who are unfamiliar with our current products and technologies requires substantial time, expertise and expense and involves a number of risks, including:

- our ability to attract, retain and manage the sales, marketing and service personnel necessary to expand market acceptance for our technology;
- the time and cost of maintaining and growing a specialized sales, marketing and service force; and
- the fact that our sales, marketing and service force may be unable to execute successful commercial activities.

We have utilized third parties to assist with sales, distribution and customer support in certain regions of the world. There is no guarantee, when we enter into such arrangements, that we will be successful in attracting desirable sales and distribution partners. There is also no guarantee that we will be able to enter into such arrangements on favorable terms. Any failure of our sales and marketing efforts, or those of any third-party sales and distribution partners, could adversely affect our business.

## We are currently limited to 'research use only' with respect to many of the materials and components used in our consumable products including our assays.

Our instruments, consumable products and assays are purchased from suppliers with a restriction that they be used for research use only, or RUO. While we have focused initially on the life sciences research market and RUO products only, part of our business strategy is to expand our product line to encompass products that are intended to be used for the diagnosis of disease and precision healthcare, either alone or in collaboration with third parties. The use of our RUO products for any such diagnostic purposes would require that we obtain regulatory clearance or approval to market our products for those purposes and also that we acquire the materials and components used in such products from suppliers without an RUO restriction. There can be no assurance that we will be able to acquire these materials and components for use in diagnostic products on acceptable terms, if at all. If we are unable to do so, we would not be able to expand our non-Lineagen product offerings beyond RUO, and our business and prospects would suffer.

The  FDA  Guidance  on  'Distribution  of  In  Vitro  Diagnostic  Products  Labeled  for  Research  Use  Only  or  Investigational  Use  Only',  or,  the  RUO/IUO Labeling Guidance, emphasizes that the FDA will review the totality of the circumstances when evaluating whether equipment and testing components are  properly  labeled  as  RUO.  It  further  states  that  merely  including  a  labeling  statement  that  a  product  is  intended  for  research  use  only  will  not necessarily render the device exempt from the FDA's 510(k) clearance, PMA, or other requirements, if the circumstances surrounding the distribution of the product indicate that the manufacturer intends for its product to be offered for clinical diagnostic use. These circumstances may include written or verbal marketing claims or links to articles regarding a product's performance in clinical applications, a manufacturer's provision of technical support for clinical validation or clinical applications, or solicitation of business from clinical laboratories, all of which could be considered evidence of intended uses that conflict with RUO labeling. If the FDA were to determine that our RUO products were intended for use in clinical investigation, diagnosis or treatment decisions, or that express or implied clinical or diagnostic claims were made for our RUO products, those products could be considered misbranded or adulterated under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. If the FDA determines that our RUO products are being marketed for clinical diagnostic use without the required PMA or 510(k) clearance, we may be required to cease marketing our products as planned, recall the products from customers, revise our marketing plans, and/or suspend or delay the commercialization of our products until we obtain the required authorization. We also may be subject to a range of enforcement actions by the FDA, including warning or untitled letters, injunctions, civil monetary penalties, criminal prosecution, and recall and/or seizure of products, as well as significant adverse publicity.

If, in the future, we choose to commercialize our RUO products for clinical diagnostic use, we will be required to comply with the FDA's premarket review and post-market control requirements for IVDs, as may be applicable. Complying with the FDA's PMA and/or 510(k) clearance requirements may be expensive,  time-consuming,  and  subject  us  to  significant  and/or  unanticipated  delays.  Our  efforts  may  never  result  in  an  approved  PMA  or  510(k) clearance for our products. Even if we obtain a PMA or 510(k) clearance, where required, such authorization may not be for the use or uses we believe are commercially attractive and/or are critical to the commercial success of our products. As a result, being subject to the FDA's premarket

review and/or post-market control requirements for our products could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## We have limited experience in marketing and selling our products and technologies, and if we are unable to successfully commercialize our products and technologies, our business and operating results will be adversely affected.

We have limited experience marketing and selling our products and technologies. We currently sell our Saphyr system for research use only, through our direct  field  sales  and  support  organizations  located  in  North  America  and  Europe  and  through  a  combination  of  our  own  sales  force  and  third-party distributors in additional major markets such as Australian, China, Japan and South Korea.

The future sales of our products and technologies will depend in large part on our ability to effectively market and sell our products and technologies, successfully  manage  and  expand  our  sales  force,  and  increase  the  scope  of  our  marketing  efforts.  We  may  also  enter  into  additional  distribution arrangements in the future. Because we have limited experience in marketing and selling our products and technologies, our ability to forecast demand, the infrastructure required to support such demand and the sales cycle to customers is unproven. If we do not build an efficient and effective sales force, our business and operating results will be adversely affected.

## We  rely  on  a  single  contract  manufacturer  for  our  optical  genome  mapping  systems  and  a  single  contract  manufacturer  for  our  chip consumables.  If  either  of  these  manufacturers  should  fail  or  not  perform  satisfactorily,  our  ability  to  supply  these  products  would  be negatively and adversely affected.

We currently rely on a single contract manufacturer to manufacture and supply all of our OGM-based instruments. See 'Business - Key Agreements' in this Annual Report. In addition, we rely on a single contract manufacturer to manufacture and supply all of our chip consumables. Since our contracts with these manufacturers do not commit them to supply quantities beyond the amounts included in our purchase orders, and do not commit them to carry inventory or make available any particular quantities, these contract manufacturers may give other customers' needs higher priority than ours, and we may not be able to obtain adequate supplies in a timely manner or on commercially reasonable terms. If either of these manufacturers were to be unable to supply instruments, our business would be harmed.

In the event it becomes necessary to utilize different contract manufacturers for our OGM-based instruments or chip consumables, we would experience additional costs, delays and difficulties in doing so as a result of identifying and entering into an agreement with a new supplier as well as preparing such new  supplier  to  meet  the  logistical  requirements  associated  with  manufacturing  our  units,  and  our  business  would  suffer.  We  may  also  experience additional costs and delays in the event we need access to or rights under any intellectual property of these current manufacturers.

## We have experienced manufacturing problems or delays that could limit the growth of our revenue or increase our losses.

We have encountered situations that resulted in delays or shortfalls caused by our outsourced manufacturing suppliers and by other third-party suppliers who manufacture components for our products. We have been negatively impacted by unfavorable flowcell yields in the production cycle. If we are unable to solve for the yield issue, it could lead to lower gross margins in future periods. If we are unable to keep up with demand for our products, our revenue could be impaired, market acceptance for our products could be adversely affected and our customers might instead purchase our competitors' products. Our inability to successfully manufacture our products would have a material adverse effect on our operating results.

## If  our  laboratory  facilities  become  damaged  or  inoperable  or  we  are  required  to  vacate  our  existing  facilities,  our  ability  to  conduct  our laboratory analysis and pursue our research and development efforts may be jeopardized.

We currently perform all research and development activities and most of our OGM services at a single laboratory facility in San Diego, California with the remaining genome analysis services at a facility we occupy at a customer's lab in Clermont-Ferrand, France. All of our molecular diagnostics services are processed at a single laboratory facility in Salt Lake City, Utah.

Our facilities  and equipment could be harmed or rendered inoperable by natural or man-made disasters, including war, fire, earthquake, power loss, communications  failure,  terrorism,  burglary,  public  health  crises  (including  restrictions  that  may  be  imposed  on  businesses  by  state  and  local governments under stay-at-home or similar orders and mandates, such as those implemented in response to the COVID-19 pandemic) or other events, which may make it difficult or impossible for us to perform our testing services for some period of time or to receive and store samples. The inability to perform tests or to reduce the backlog of sample analysis that could develop if one or both of our facilities become inoperable, for even a short period of time, may result in the loss of revenue, loss of customers or harm to our reputation, and we may be unable to regain that revenue, those customers or repair our reputation in the future. Furthermore, integral parties in our supply chain are operating from single sites, increasing their vulnerability to natural disasters and man-made disasters or other sudden, unforeseen and severe adverse events.

In addition, the loss of our samples due to such events could limit or prevent our ability to conduct research and development analysis on existing tests as well as tests in development.

Our facilities and the equipment we use to perform our testing and research and development could be unavailable or costly and time-consuming to repair or  replace.  It  would  be  difficult,  time-consuming  and  expensive  to  rebuild  our  facilities,  to  locate  and  qualify  a  new  facility,  replace  certain  pieces  of equipment or license or transfer our proprietary technology to a third party, particularly in light of licensure and accreditation requirements. Even in the unlikely  event  that  we  are  able  to  find  a  third  party  with  such  qualifications  to  enable  us  to  resume  our  operations,  we  may  be  unable  to  negotiate commercially reasonable terms.

We carry insurance for damage to our property and the disruption of our business, but this insurance may not cover all of the risks associated with damage or disruption to our business, may not provide coverage in amounts sufficient to cover our potential losses and may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all.

## We rely on a limited number of suppliers or, in some cases, one supplier, for some of our materials and components used in our products, and may not be able to find replacements or immediately transition to alternative suppliers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation.

We rely on limited or sole suppliers for certain reagents and other materials and components that are used in our products. While we periodically forecast our  needs  for  such  materials  and  enter  into  standard  purchase  orders  with  our  suppliers,  we  do  not  have  long-term  contracts  with  many  of  these suppliers. If we were to lose such suppliers, there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify or enter into agreements with alternative suppliers on a timely basis on acceptable terms, if at all. An interruption in our operations, including our laboratory operations, could occur if we encounter delays or difficulties in securing these materials, or if the quality of the materials supplied do not meet our requirements, or if we cannot then obtain an acceptable substitute. The time and effort required to qualify a new supplier and ensure that the new materials provide the same or better quality results could result in significant additional costs. Any such interruption could significantly affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation.

In addition, certain of the components used in our instruments are sourced from limited or sole suppliers. If we were to lose such suppliers, there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify  or  enter  into  agreements  with  alternative  suppliers  on  a  timely  basis  on  acceptable  terms,  if  at  all.  An interruption in our ability to sell and deliver instruments to customers could occur if we encounter delays or difficulties in securing these components, or if the quality of the components supplied do not meet specifications, or if we cannot then obtain an acceptable substitute. If any of these events occur, our business and operating results could be harmed.

Also, in order to mitigate these risks, we maintain inventories of certain supplies at higher levels than would be the case if multiple sources of supply were available. If our sales or testing volume decreases or we switch suppliers, we may hold excess supplies with expiration dates that occur before use which would adversely affect our losses and cash flow position. As we introduce any new products, we may experience supply issues as we ramp up our sales or  test  volume.  If  we  should  encounter  delays  or  difficulties  in  securing,  reconfiguring  or  revalidating  the  equipment,  reagents  or  other  materials  we require for our products, our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation could be adversely affected.

## Undetected errors or defects in our products or technologies could harm our reputation, decrease market acceptance of our products or technologies or expose us to product liability claims.

Our products or technologies may contain undetected errors or defects when first introduced or as new versions or new products or technologies are released.  Disruptions  affecting  the  introduction  or  release  of,  or  other  performance  problems  with,  our  products  or  technologies  may  damage  our customers' businesses and could harm their and our reputations. If that occurs, we may incur significant costs, the attention of our key personnel could be diverted, or other significant customer relations problems may arise. We may also be subject to warranty and liability claims for damages related to errors or defects in our products or technologies. In addition, if we do not meet industry or quality standards, if applicable, our products may be subject to recall. A material liability claim, recall or other occurrence that harms our reputation or decreases market acceptance of our products or technologies could harm our business and operating results.

If  our  customers develop or use our products or assays for diagnostic purposes, someone could file a product liability claim alleging that one of our products  contained  a  design  or  manufacturing  defect  that  resulted  in  the  failure  to  adequately  perform,  leading  to  death  or  injury.  In  addition,  the marketing, sale and use of our current or future products and assays could lead to the filing of product liability claims against us if someone alleges that our  products  failed  to  perform  as  designed.  We  may  also  be  subject  to  liability  for  errors  in  the  results  we  provide  or  for  a  misunderstanding  of,  or inappropriate reliance upon, the information we provide.

A product liability  claim  could  result  in  substantial  damages  and  be  costly  and  time  consuming  to  defend,  either  of  which  could  materially  harm  our business or financial condition. We cannot assure investors that our product liability insurance would adequately protect our assets from the financial impact  of  defending  a  product  liability  claim.  Any  product  liability  claim  brought  against  us,  with  or  without  merit,  could  increase  our  product  liability insurance rates or prevent us from securing insurance coverage in the future. Additionally, any product liability lawsuit could damage our reputation, or cause  current  partners  to  terminate  existing  agreements  and  potential  partners  to  seek  other  partners,  any  of  which  could  impact  our  results  of operations.

We may also initiate a correction to our existing products or assays, which could lead to increased costs and increased scrutiny by regulatory authorities and our customers regarding the quality and safety of our products or services, as well as negative publicity. The occurrence of any of these events could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

## Our reliance on distributors for sales of our products outside of the United States could limit or prevent us from selling our products and could impact our revenue.

We intend to continue to grow our business internationally, and to do so we must attract additional distributors and retain existing distributors to maximize the commercial opportunity for our products. There is no guarantee that we will be successful in attracting or retaining desirable sales and distribution partners or that we will be able to enter into such arrangements on favorable terms. Distributors may not commit the necessary resources to market and sell our products to the level of our expectations or may choose to favor marketing the products of our competitors. If current or future distributors do not perform adequately, or we are unable to enter into effective arrangements with distributors in particular geographic areas, we may not realize long-term international revenue growth. In addition, if our distributors fail to comply with applicable laws and ethical standards, including anti-bribery laws, this could damage our reputation and could have a significant adverse effect on our business and our revenues.

We expect to generate a substantial portion of our revenue internationally in the future and can become further subject to various risks relating to our international activities, which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.

During  2021  approximately  54%  of  our  product  revenue  was  generated  from  customers  located  outside  of  the  U.S.  We  believe  that  a  substantial percentage of our future revenue will come from international sources as we expand our overseas operations and develop opportunities in additional areas. We have limited experience operating internationally and engaging in international business involves a number of difficulties and risks, including:

- required compliance with existing and changing foreign regulatory requirements and laws;
- difficulties and costs of staffing and managing foreign operations;
- difficulties protecting or procuring intellectual property rights;
- required compliance with anti-bribery laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, data privacy and security requirements, labor laws and anti-competition regulations;
- export or import restrictions;
- laws and business practices favoring local companies;
- longer payment cycles and difficulties in enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through certain foreign legal systems;
- political and economic instability; and
- potentially adverse tax consequences, tariffs, customs charges, bureaucratic requirements and other trade barriers.

Historically, most of our revenue has been denominated in U.S. dollars. For sales made to customers outside of the U.S., we may sell our products and services in local currency outside of the U.S. As our operations in countries outside of the U.S. grow, our results of operations and cash flows may be subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, which could harm our business in the future. For example, if the value of the U.S. dollar increases relative to foreign currencies, in the absence of a corresponding change in local currency prices, our revenue could be adversely affected as we convert revenue from local currencies to U.S. dollars. If we dedicate significant resources to our international operations and are unable to manage these risks effectively, our business, operating results and financial condition will suffer.

## We are subject to U.S. and foreign anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws with respect to our operations and non-compliance with such laws can subject us to criminal and/or civil liability and harm our business.

We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, as amended, the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. § 201, the U.S. Travel Act, the USA PATRIOT Act, the United Kingdom Bribery Act 2010, and other state and national anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws in countries in which we conduct activities. Anti-corruption laws are interpreted broadly and prohibit companies and their employees and third-party intermediaries from authorizing, promising, offering, providing, soliciting, or accepting, directly or indirectly, improper payments or benefits to or from any person whether in  the  public  or  private  sector  for  the  purpose  of  obtaining  or  retaining  business  or  securing  any  other  improper  advantage.  We  rely  on  third-party representatives, distributors, and other business partners to support sales of our products and services and our efforts to ensure regulatory compliance. In addition, as we increase our international sales and business, we may engage with additional business partners. We can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of our employees, representatives, contractors, business partners, and agents, even if we do not explicitly authorize or have actual knowledge of such activities.

Any  violations  of  anti-corruption  and  anti-money  laundering  laws,  or  allegations  of  such  violations,  could  disrupt  our  operations,  involve  significant management distraction, involve  significant  costs  and  expenses,  including  legal  fees,  and  could  result  in  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our  business, prospects, financial condition, or results of operations. We could also incur severe penalties, including criminal and civil penalties, disgorgement, and other remedial measures.

## We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets due to licensing requirements and subject us to liability if we are not in compliance with applicable laws.

Our  products  are  subject  to  export  control  and  import  laws  and  regulations,  including  the  U.S.  Export  Administration  Regulations,  U.S.  Customs regulations, and various economic and trade sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Controls. Exports of our products must be made in compliance with these laws and regulations. If we fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we and certain of our employees could be subject to substantial civil or criminal penalties, including the possible loss of export or import privileges; fines, which may be imposed on us and responsible employees or managers; and, in extreme cases, the incarceration of responsible employees or managers.

In addition, changes in our products or changes in applicable export or import laws and regulations may create delays in the introduction and sale of our products in international markets, prevent our customers from deploying our products or, in some cases, prevent the export or import of our products to certain countries, governments or persons altogether. Any change in export or import laws and regulations, shift in the enforcement or scope of existing laws  and  regulations,  or  change  in  the  countries,  governments,  persons  or  technologies  targeted  by  such  laws  and  regulations,  could  also  result  in decreased use of our products, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our products to existing or potential customers. Any decreased use of our products or limitation on our ability to export or sell our products would likely adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## If we are unable to recruit, train, retain, motivate and integrate key personnel, we may not achieve our goals.

Our  future  success  depends  on  our  ability  to  recruit,  train,  retain,  motivate  and  integrate  key  personnel,  including  our  recently  expanded  senior management team, as well as our research and development, manufacturing and sales and marketing personnel. Competition for qualified personnel is intense. Our growth depends, in particular, on attracting and retaining highly-trained sales personnel with the necessary scientific background and ability to understand our systems at a technical level to effectively identify and sell to potential new customers and develop new products and technologies. Because of the complex and technical nature of our products and technologies and the dynamic market in which we compete, any failure to attract, train, retain, motivate and integrate qualified personnel could materially harm our operating results and growth prospects.

## If we cannot provide quality technical and applications support, we could lose customers and our business and prospects will suffer.

The placement of our products at new customer sites, the introduction of our technology into our customers' existing laboratory workflows and ongoing customer  support  can  be  complex.  Accordingly,  we  need  highly  trained  technical  support  personnel.  Hiring  technical  support  personnel  is  very competitive in our industry due to the limited number of people available with the necessary scientific and technical backgrounds and ability to understand our  technology  at  a  technical  level.  To  effectively  support  potential  new  customers  and  the  expanding  needs  of  current  customers,  we  will  need  to substantially expand our technical support staff. If we are unable to attract, train or retain the number of highly qualified technical services personnel that our business needs, our business and prospects will suffer.

If  our  information  systems  or  data  or  those  of  third  parties  upon  which  we  rely,  are  or  were  compromised,  we  could  experience  adverse consequences  resulting  from  such  compromise,  including  but  not  limited  to  regulatory  investigations  or  actions;  litigation;  fines  and penalties; disruptions of our business operations; reputational harm; loss of revenue or profits; loss of customers or sales; and other adverse consequences.

We are increasingly dependent upon information technology systems, infrastructure and data to operate our business. In the ordinary course of our business,  we  collect,  store,  use,  transmit,  disclose,  and  otherwise  process  sensitive,  proprietary,  and  confidential  information,  including  intellectual property, trade secrets, financial information, and personal data (including protected health information). We may rely upon third-party service providers and technologies to operate critical business systems to process confidential and personal data in a variety of contexts, including, without limitation, thirdparty  providers  of  cloud-based  infrastructure,  encryption  and  authentication  technology,  employee  email,  content  delivery  to  customers,  and  other functions. Our ability to monitor these third parties' cybersecurity practices is limited, and these third parties may not have adequate information security measures in place. We may share or receive sensitive data with or from third parties.

Cyberattacks, malicious internet-based activity, and online and offline fraud are prevalent and continue to increase. Moreover, these threats are becoming increasingly difficult to detect, and they come from a variety of sources. In addition to traditional computer 'hackers,' threat actors, personnel (such as through theft or misuse), sophisticated nation-states, and nation-state-supported actors now engage and are expected to continue to engage in attacks, including without limitation nation-state actors for geopolitical reasons and in conjunction with military conflicts and defense activities. During times of war and other major

conflicts,  we  and  the  third  parties  upon  which  we  rely  may  be  vulnerable  to  a  heightened  risk  of  these  attacks,  including  cyber-attacks  that  could materially disrupt our systems and operations, supply chain, and ability to produce, sell and distribute our goods and services. We and the third parties upon which we rely may be subject to a variety of evolving threats, including but not limited to social-engineering attacks (such as through phishing attacks), malicious code (such as viruses and worms), malware (including as a result of advanced persistent threat intrusions), denial-of-service attacks (such as credential stuffing), personnel misconduct or error, ransomware attacks, supply-chain attacks, software bugs, server malfunctions, software or hardware failures, loss of data or other information technology assets, adware, telecommunications failures, earthquakes, fires, floods, and other similar threats.  Ransomware  attacks,  including  those  perpetrated  by  organized  criminal  threat  actors,  nation-states,  and  nation-state  supported  actors,  are becoming increasingly prevalent and severe and can lead to significant interruptions in our operations, loss of data and income, reputational harm, and diversion  of  funds.  Extortion  payments  may  alleviate  the  negative  impact  of  a  ransomware  attack,  but  we  may  be  unwilling  or  unable  to  make  such payments due to, for example, applicable laws or regulations prohibiting such payments. Similarly, supply chain attacks have increased in frequency and severity,  and  we  cannot  guarantee  that  third  parties  and  infrastructure  in  our  supply  chain  or  our  third-party  partners'  supply  chains  have  not  been compromised or that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our information technology systems (including our software) or the third-party information technology systems that support us and our services. The COVID-19 pandemic and our remote workforce  also  poses  increased  risks  to  our  information  technology  systems  and  data,  as  more  of  our  personnel  work  from  home,  utilizing  network connections outside our premises. Future business transactions (such as acquisitions or integrations) could expose us to additional cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities, as our systems could be negatively affected by vulnerabilities present in acquired or integrated entities' systems and technologies.

Any of the previously identified or similar threats could cause a security incident or other interruption. A security incident or other interruption could result in  unauthorized,  unlawful,  or  accidental  acquisition,  modification,  destruction,  loss,  alteration,  encryption,  disclosure  of,  or  access  to  data.  A  security incident or other interruption could disrupt our ability (and that of third parties upon whom we rely) to provide our products, software and services. We may expend significant resources or modify our business activities in an effort to protect against security incidents. Certain data privacy and security obligations  may  require  us  to  implement  and  maintain  specific  security  measures,  industry-standard,  or  reasonable  security  measures  to  protect  our information technology systems and data.

While we have implemented security measures designed to protect against security incidents, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective. We may be unable in the future to detect vulnerabilities in our information technology systems (including our software) because such threats and techniques change frequently, are often sophisticated in nature, and may not be detected until after a security incident has occurred. Despite our efforts to identify and remediate vulnerabilities, if any, in our information technology systems (including our software), our efforts may not be successful. Further, we may experience delays in developing and deploying remedial measures designed to address any such identified vulnerabilities.

Applicable data privacy and security obligations may require us to notify relevant stakeholders of security incidents. Such disclosures are costly, and the disclosures or the failure to comply with such requirements could lead to adverse consequences. If we (or a third party upon whom we rely) experience a security incident or are perceived to have experienced a security incident, we may experience adverse consequences. These consequences may include: government  enforcement  actions  (for  example,  investigations,  fines,  penalties,  audits,  and  inspections);  additional  reporting  requirements  and/or oversight;  restrictions  on  processing  data  (including  personal  data);  litigation  (including  class  claims);  indemnification  obligations;  negative  publicity; reputational harm; monetary fund diversions; interruptions in our operations (including availability of data); financial loss; and other similar harms. Security incidents and attendant consequences may cause customers to stop using our software or services, deter new customers from using our software or services, and negatively impact our ability to grow and operate our business.

Our contracts may not contain limitations of liability, and even where they do, there can be no assurance that limitations of liability in our contracts are sufficient to protect us from liabilities, damages, or claims related to our data privacy and security obligations. We cannot be sure that our insurance coverage, if  any,  will  be  adequate  or  sufficient  to  protect  us  from  or  to  mitigate  liabilities  arising  out  of  our  privacy  and  security  practices,  that  such coverage will continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or that such coverage will pay future claims.

We are subject to stringent and changing obligations related to data privacy and security. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations  could  lead  to  regulatory  investigations  or  actions;  litigation;  fines  and  penalties;  disruption  of  our  business  operations; reputational harm; loss of revenue or profits; loss of customers or sales; and other adverse business consequences.

In  the  ordinary  course  of  business,  we  process  personal  data  (including  protected  health  information)  and  other  sensitive  information,  including proprietary and confidential business data, trade secrets, and intellectual property. Our data processing activities subject us to numerous data privacy and security obligations, such as various laws, regulations, guidance, industry standards, external and internal privacy and security policies, contracts, and other obligations that govern the processing of personal data by us and on our behalf.

In the United States, federal, state, and local governments have enacted numerous data privacy and security laws, including data breach notification laws, personal data privacy laws, and consumer protection laws. For example, the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA,  as  amended  by  the  Health  Information  Technology  for  Economic  and  Clinical  Health  Act,  or  HITECH,  and  their  respective  implementing regulations, impose specific requirements relating to the privacy, security, and transmission of individually identifiable health information. Among other things,  HITECH,  through  its  implementing  regulations,  makes  certain  of  HIPAA's  privacy  and  security  standards  directly  applicable  to  business associates, defined as a person or organization, other than a member of a covered entity's workforce, that creates, receives, maintains or transmits protected health information for or on behalf of a covered entity for a function or activity regulated by HIPAA as well as their covered subcontractors. Most healthcare providers in the United States, including clinical laboratories and institutions from which we may obtain customer data, are subject to privacy and security regulations promulgated under HIPAA, as amended by HITECH. Further, a person may be prosecuted for alleged HIPAA violations either directly  or  indirectly  such  as  under  aiding-and-abetting  or  conspiracy  principles.  Further,  depending  on  the  facts  and  circumstances,  we  could  face substantial civil and criminal penalties and liabilities if we fail to comply with our obligations (required by law and/or contract) under HIPAA.

In the United States, at the state level, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, or the CCPA, imposes obligations on businesses to which it applies. These obligations include, but are not limited to, providing specific disclosures in privacy notices and affording California residents certain rights related to their personal data. The CCPA allows for statutory fines for noncompliance (up to $7,500 per violation). The California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, or the CPRA, which takes effect January 1, 2023, is anticipated to expand the CCPA's obligations on businesses. For example, the CPRA establishes a new California Privacy Protection Agency to implement and enforce relevant laws, which could increase the risk of an enforcement action. Other states have also recently enacted data privacy laws. For example, Virginia passed the Consumer Data Protection Act, and Colorado passed the Colorado Privacy Act, both of which differ from the CPRA and take effect in 2023. If we become subject to new state-level data privacy laws, the risk of enforcement action against us could increase because we may become subject to additional obligations, and the number of individuals or entities that can initiate actions against us may increase (including individuals, via a private right of action, and state actors). Data privacy and security laws have been proposed at the federal, state, and local levels in recent years, which, if passed, could further complicate compliance efforts.

Outside  the  United  States,  an  increasing  number  of  laws,  regulations,  and  industry  standards  apply  to  data  privacy  and  security.  For  example,  the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation  ('EU  GDPR'),  and  the  United  Kingdom's  GDPR  ('UK  GDPR')  impose  strict  requirements  for processing the personal data of individuals. For example, under the EU GDPR, government regulators may impose temporary or definitive bans on data processing, as well as fines of up to 20 million euros or 4% of annual global revenue, whichever is greater. Further, individuals may initiate litigation related to our processing of their personal data. In Canada, the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act ('PIPEDA') and various related provincial laws, as well as Canada's Anti-Spam Legislation ('CASL'), may apply to our operations. In addition, privacy advocates and industry groups have proposed, and may propose in the future, standards with which we are legally or contractually bound to comply.

Certain jurisdictions have enacted data localization laws and cross-border personal data transfer laws. For example, absent appropriate safeguards or other circumstances, the EU GDPR generally restricts the transfer of personal data to countries outside of the EEA, such as the United States, which the European  Commission  does  not  consider  to  provide  an  adequate  level  of  data  privacy  and  security.  The  European  Commission  released  a  set  of 'Standard Contractual Clauses' ('SCCs') that are designed to be a valid mechanism by which entities can transfer personal data out of the EEA to jurisdictions that the European Commission has not found to provide an adequate level of protection. Currently, these SCCs are a valid mechanism to transfer personal data outside of the EEA. However, the SCCs require parties that rely on them to comply with additional obligations, such as conducting transfer impact assessments to determine whether additional security measures are necessary to protect personal data. Moreover, due to potential legal challenges, there exists some uncertainty regarding whether the SCCs will remain a valid mechanism for transfers of personal data out of the EEA. Laws in Switzerland and the UK similarly restrict transfers of personal data outside of those jurisdictions to countries such as the United States that do not provide an adequate level of personal data protection. In addition to European restrictions on cross-border transfers of personal data, other countries, such as China and Brazil, have enacted or are considering similar cross-border personal data transfer laws and local personal data residency laws, any of  which  could  increase  the  cost  and  complexity  of  doing  business.  If  we  cannot  implement  a  valid  compliance  mechanism  for  cross-border  data transfers, we may face increased exposure to regulatory actions, substantial fines, and injunctions against processing or transferring personal data from Europe  or  elsewhere.  The  inability  to  import  personal  data  to  the  United  States  could  significantly  and  negatively  impact  our  business  operations, including by limiting our ability to collaborate with parties that are subject to European and other data privacy and security laws or by requiring us to increase our personal data processing capabilities and infrastructure in Europe and/or elsewhere at significant expense.

Our data privacy and security obligations are quickly changing, creating some uncertainty as to the effective future legal framework. Additionally, these obligations may be subject to differing applications and interpretations, which may be inconsistent or in conflict among jurisdictions. Preparing for and complying with these obligations requires us to devote

significant resources (including, without limitation, financial and time-related resources). These obligations may necessitate changes to our information technologies, systems, and practices and to those of any third parties on which we rely. Although we endeavor to comply with all applicable data privacy and security obligations, we may at times fail (or be perceived to have failed) to do so. Moreover, despite our efforts, our personnel or third parties upon which we rely may fail to comply with such obligations, which could negatively impact our business operations and compliance posture. For example, any failure by a third-party processor to comply with applicable law, regulations, or contractual obligations could result in adverse effects, including inability to operate our business and proceedings against us by governmental entities or others. If we fail, or are perceived to have failed, to address or comply with data privacy and security obligations, we could face significant consequences. These consequences may include, but are not limited to, government enforcement actions (e.g., investigations, fines, penalties, audits, inspections, and similar); litigation (including class-related claims); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; bans on processing personal data; orders to destroy or not use personal data; and imprisonment of company officials. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, or financial condition, including but not limited to, loss of customers; interruptions or stoppages in our business operations; inability to process personal data or to operate in certain jurisdictions; limited ability to develop or commercialize  our  products;  expenditure  of  time  and  resources  to  defend  any  claim  or  inquiry;  adverse  publicity;  or  revision  or  restructuring  of  our operations.

## The life sciences research and diagnostic markets are highly competitive. If we fail to effectively compete, our business, financial condition and operating results will suffer.

We face  significant  competition  in  the  life  sciences  research  and  diagnostic  markets.  We  currently  compete  with  both  established  and  early  stage companies that design, manufacture and market systems and consumable supplies. We believe our principal competitors in the life sciences research and genome mapping markets include PacBio, Oxford Nanopore Technologies, Genomic Vision and Dovetail Genomics. In addition, there are a number of new market entrants in the process of developing novel technologies for the life sciences research, diagnostic and screening markets.

Many  of  our  current  competitors  are  either  publicly-traded,  or  are  divisions  of  publicly-traded  companies,  and  may  enjoy  a  number  of  competitive advantages over us, including:

- greater name and brand recognition;
- substantially greater financial and human resources;
- broader product lines;
- larger sales forces and more established distributor networks;
- substantial intellectual property portfolios;
- larger and more established customer bases and relationships; and
- better established, larger scale, and lower cost manufacturing capabilities.

## We believe that the principal competitive factors in all of our target markets include:

- cost of instruments and consumables;
- accuracy, including sensitivity and specificity, and reproducibility of results;
- reputation among customers;
- innovation in product offerings;
- flexibility and ease of use; and
- compatibility with existing laboratory processes, tools and methods.

We cannot assure investors that our products or technologies will compete favorably or that we will be successful in the face of increasing competition from  new  products  and  technologies  introduced  by  our  existing  competitors  or  new  companies  entering  our  markets.  In  addition,  we  cannot  assure investors  that  our  competitors  do  not  have  or  will  not  develop  products  or  technologies  that  currently  or  in  the  future  will  enable  them  to  produce competitive  products or  technologies  with  greater  capabilities  or  at  lower  costs  than  ours.  Any  failure  to  compete  effectively  could  materially  and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.

## Unfavorable global economic conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Our results  of  operations  could  be  adversely  affected  by  general  conditions  in  the  global  economy  and  in  the  global  financial  markets.  A  severe  or prolonged global economic downturn could result in a variety of risks to our business, including our ability to raise additional capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all. This is particularly true in Europe, which is undergoing a continued severe economic crisis. A weak or declining economy could also strain our suppliers, possibly resulting

in supply disruption. Any of the foregoing could harm our business and we cannot anticipate all of the ways in which the current economic climate and financial market conditions could adversely impact our business.

In addition, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine could lead to disruption, instability and volatility in global markets and industries that could negatively impact our operations. The U.S. government and other governments in jurisdictions in which we operate have imposed severe sanctions and export controls  against  Russia  and  Russian  interests  and  threatened  additional  sanctions  and  controls.  The  impact  of  these  measures,  as  well  as  potential responses to them by Russia, is currently unknown and they could adversely affect our business, supply chain, partners or customers.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forums for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders' ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees.

Our  amended  and  restated  certificate  of  incorporation  provides  that  the  Court  of  Chancery  of  the  State  of  Delaware  is  the  exclusive  forum  for  the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law:

- any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf;
- any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty;
- any  action  asserting  a  claim  against  us  arising  under  the  Delaware  General  Corporation  Law,  our  amended  and  restated  certificate  of incorporation, or our amended and restated bylaws; and
- any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal-affairs doctrine.

This provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. To prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other considerations, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation further provides that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum provisions. In such instance, we would expect to vigorously assert the validity and enforceability of the exclusive forum provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. This may require significant additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions and there can be no assurance that the provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions.

These exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder's ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. If a court were to find either exclusive-forum provision contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur further significant additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, all of which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

## If we fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business.

We, and any the third parties with access to our facilities, are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. Each of our operations involve  the  use  of  hazardous  and  flammable  materials,  including  chemicals  and  biological  and  radioactive  materials.  Our  operations  also  produce hazardous waste. We generally contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials and wastes. We cannot eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from these materials. We could be held liable for any resulting damages in the event of contamination or injury resulting from the use of hazardous materials by us or the third parties with whom we contract, and any liability could exceed our resources. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties. Although we maintain workers' compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of hazardous materials, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. We do not maintain insurance for environmental liability or toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us in connection with our storage or disposal of biological, hazardous or radioactive materials. We do not have any insurance for liabilities arising from medical or hazardous materials. In addition, we may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. Compliance with applicable environmental  laws  and  regulations  is  expensive,  and  these  current  or  future  laws  and  regulations  may  impair  our  research,  development  and commercialization efforts, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions.

## Risks related to government regulation and diagnostic product reimbursement

If the FDA determines that our RUO products are medical devices or if we seek to market our RUO products for clinical diagnostic or health screening use, we will be required to obtain regulatory clearance(s) or approval(s), and may be required to cease or limit sales of our then marketed  products,  which  could  materially  and  adversely  affect  our  business,  financial  condition  and  results  of  operations.  Any  such regulatory process would be expensive, time-consuming and uncertain both in timing and in outcome.

Our RUO products are focused on the life sciences research market. This includes laboratories associated with academic and governmental research institutions, as well as pharmaceutical, biotechnology and contract research companies. Accordingly, our products are labeled as 'Research Use Only,' or RUO, and are not intended for diagnostic use. While we have focused initially on the life sciences research market and RUO products only, our strategy is to expand our product line to encompass products that are intended to be used for the diagnosis of disease, either alone or in collaboration with third parties. Such in-vitro diagnostic, or IVD, products will be subject to regulation by the FDA as medical devices, or comparable international agencies, including requirements for regulatory clearance or approval of such products before they can be marketed. If the FDA were to determine that our products are intended for clinical use or if we decided to market our products for such use, we would be required to obtain FDA 510(k) clearance or premarket approval in order to sell our products in a manner consistent with FDA laws and regulations. Such regulatory approval processes or clearances are expensive, time-consuming and uncertain; our efforts may never result in any approved premarket approval application, or PMA, or 510(k) clearance for our products; and failure by us or a collaborator to obtain or comply with such approvals and clearances could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results.

IVD products may be regulated as medical devices by the FDA and comparable international agencies and may require either clearance from the FDA following the 510(k) pre-market notification process or PMA from the FDA, in each case prior to marketing. If we or our collaborators are required to obtain a PMA or 510(k) clearance for products based on our technology, we or they would be subject to a substantial number of additional requirements for medical devices, including establishment registration, device listing, Quality Systems Regulations which cover the design, testing, production, control, quality assurance, labeling, packaging, servicing, sterilization (if required), and storage and shipping of medical devices (among other activities), product labeling,  advertising,  recordkeeping,  post-market  surveillance,  post-approval  studies,  adverse  event  reporting,  and  correction  and  removal  (recall) regulations. One or more of the products we or a collaborator may develop using our technology may also require clinical trials in order to generate the data required for PMA approval. Complying with these requirements may be time-consuming and expensive. We or our collaborators may be required to expend  significant  resources  to  ensure  ongoing  compliance  with  the  FDA  regulations  and/or  take  satisfactory  corrective  action  in  response  to enforcement action, which may have a material adverse effect on the ability to design, develop, and commercialize products using our technology as planned.  Failure  to  comply  with  these  requirements  may  subject  us  or  a  collaborator  to  a  range  of  enforcement  actions,  such  as  warning  letters, injunctions,  civil  monetary  penalties,  criminal  prosecution,  recall  and/or  seizure  of  products,  and  revocation  of  marketing  authorization,  as  well  as significant adverse publicity. If we or our collaborators fail to obtain, or experience significant delays in obtaining, regulatory approvals for IVD products, such products may not be able to be launched or successfully commercialized in a timely manner, or at all.

Laboratory developed tests, or LDTs, are a subset of IVD tests that are designed, manufactured and used within a single laboratory. Our Lineagen diagnostic services are provided as LDTs. The FDA maintains that LDTs are medical devices and has for the most part exercised enforcement discretion for most LDTs. A significant change in the way that the FDA regulates any LDTs that we, our collaborators or our customers market or develop using our technology could affect our business. If the FDA requires laboratories to undergo premarket review and comply with other applicable FDA requirements in the future, the cost and time required to commercialize an LDT will increase substantially, and may reduce the financial incentive for us to continue to offer our Lineagen genetic diagnostic services or for our customer laboratories to develop LDTs, which could reduce demand for our RUO instruments and our other products. In addition, if the FDA were to change the way that it regulates LDTs to require that we undergo pre-market review or comply with other applicable FDA requirements before we can sell our RUO instruments or our other products to clinical cytogenetics laboratories, our ability to sell our RUO instruments and other products to this addressable market would be delayed, thereby impeding our ability to penetrate this market and generate revenue from sales of our instruments and our other products.

Failure  to  comply  with  applicable  FDA  requirements  could  subject  us  to  misbranding  or  adulteration  allegations  under  the  Federal  Food,  Drug,  and Cosmetic Act. We could be subject to a range of enforcement actions, including warning letters, injunctions, civil monetary penalties, criminal prosecution, and recall and/or seizure of products, as well as significant adverse publicity. In addition, changes to the current regulatory framework, including the imposition of additional or new regulations, could arise at any time during the development or marketing of our products, which may negatively affect our ability to obtain or maintain FDA or comparable regulatory approval of our products, if required.

Foreign jurisdictions have laws and regulations similar to those described above, which may adversely affect our ability to market our products as planned in such countries. The number and scope of these requirements are increasing. As in the U.S.,

the  cost  and  time  required  to  comply  with  regulatory  requirements  may  be  substantial,  and  there  is  no  guarantee  that  we  will  obtain  the  necessary authorization(s) required to make our products commercially viable. As a result, the imposition of foreign requirements may also have a material adverse effect on the commercial viability of our operations.

## We expect to rely on third parties in conducting any required future studies of diagnostic products that may be required by the FDA or other regulatory authorities, and those third parties may not perform satisfactorily.

We do not have the ability to independently conduct clinical trials or other studies that may be required to obtain FDA and other regulatory clearance or approval  for  future  diagnostic  products.  Accordingly,  we  expect  that  we  would  rely  on  third  parties,  such  as  clinical  investigators,  consultants,  and collaborators to conduct such studies if needed. Our reliance on these third parties for clinical and other development activities would reduce our control over these activities. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or regulatory obligations or meet expected deadlines, if the third parties need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the data they obtain is compromised, we may not be able to obtain regulatory clearance or approval.

## Billing for our Lineagen diagnostic testing procedures is complex and requires substantial time and resources to collect payment.

Billing for clinical laboratory testing services in connection with our Lineagen diagnostic services is complex, time-consuming and expensive. Depending on the billing  arrangement and applicable law, we bill various payors, including Medicare, Medicaid, private insurance companies, private healthcare institutions, and patients, all of which have different billing requirements. We generally bill third-party payors for our diagnostic testing services and pursue reimbursement on a case-by-case basis where pricing contracts are not in place. To the extent laws or contracts require us to bill patient co-payments or co-insurance, we must also comply with these requirements. We may also face increased risk in our collection efforts, including potential write-offs of accounts receivable and long collection cycles, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Several factors make the billing process complex, including:

- differences between the billing rates and reimbursement rates for our products;
- compliance with  complex  federal  and  state  regulations  related  to  billing  government  healthcare  programs,  including  Medicare,  Medicaid  and TRICARE;
- risk of government audits related to billing;
- disputes among payors as to which party is responsible for payment;
- differences  in  coverage  and  information  and  billing  requirements  among  payors,  including  the  need  for  prior  authorization  and/or  advanced notification;
- the effect of patient co-payments or co-insurance and our ability to collect such payments from patients;
- changes to billing codes used for our products;
- changes to requirements related to our current or future clinical studies, including our registry studies, which can affect eligibility for payment;
- ongoing monitoring provisions of LCDs for our products, which can affect the circumstances under which a claim would be considered medically necessary;
- incorrect or missing billing information; and
- the resources required to manage the billing and claims appeals process.

We use standard industry billing codes, known as Current Procedural Terminology, or CPT, codes, to bill for our diagnostic testing services. If these codes were to change, there is a risk of an error being made in the claim adjudication process. Such errors can occur with claims submission, third-party transmission or in the processing of the claim by the payor. Claim adjudication errors may result in a delay in payment processing or a reduction in the amount of the payment we receive.

As we introduce new products, we may need to add new codes to our billing process as well as our financial reporting systems. Failure or delays in effecting these changes in external billing and internal systems and processes could negatively affect our collection rates, revenue and cost of collecting.

Additionally, our billing activities require us to implement compliance procedures and oversight, train and monitor our employees, and undertake internal audits to evaluate compliance with applicable laws and regulations as well as internal compliance policies and procedures. When payors deny our claims, we may challenge the reason, low payment amount or payment denials. Payors also conduct external audits to evaluate payments, which add further complexity to the billing process.

If  the  payor  makes  an  overpayment  determination,  there  is  a  risk  that  we  may  be  required  to  return  all  or  some  portion  of  prior  payments  we  have received.

Additionally,  the  Patient  Protection  and  Affordable  Care  Act  of  2010,  as  amended  by  the  Health  Care  and  Education  Reconciliation  Act  of  2010, collectively the ACA, requires providers and suppliers to report and return any overpayments received from government payors under the Medicare and Medicaid programs within 60 days of identification. Failure to identify and return such overpayments exposes the provider or supplier to liability under federal  false  claims  laws.  These  billing  complexities,  and  the  related  uncertainty  in  obtaining  payment  for  our  products,  could  negatively  affect  our revenue and cash flow, our ability to achieve sustained profitability, and the consistency and comparability of our results of operations.

## If our Lineagen diagnostic testing procedures are subject to unfavorable pricing regulations or third-party payor coverage and reimbursement policies, our business could be harmed.

Our  Lineagen-related  revenue  depends  on  achieving  and  maintaining  broad  coverage  and  adequate  reimbursement  for  our  Lineagen  products  and diagnostic assays from third-party payors, including both government and commercial third-party payors. If third-party payors do not provide coverage of, or do not provide adequate reimbursement for, a substantial portion of the list price of our Lineagen products and diagnostic assays, we may need to seek additional  payment  from  the  patient  beyond  any  co-payments  and  deductibles,  which  may  adversely  affect  demand  for  our  Lineagen  products  and diagnostic assays. Coverage determinations by a third-party payor may depend on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, a third-party payor's determination of whether our products or services are appropriate, medically necessary or cost-effective. If we are unable to provide third-party payors with sufficient evidence of the clinical utility and validity of our Lineagen products and diagnostic assays, they may not provide coverage, or may provide limited coverage, which will adversely affect our revenues and our ability to succeed.

Since each third-party payor makes its own decision as to whether to establish a policy to cover our Lineagen products and diagnostic assays, enter into a  contract  with  us  and  set  the  amount  it  will  reimburse  for  a  product,  these  negotiations  are  a  time-consuming  and  costly  process,  and  they  do  not guarantee that the third-party payor will provide coverage or adequate reimbursement for our Lineagen products and diagnostic assays. In addition, the determinations by a third-party payor whether to cover our Lineagen products and diagnostic assays and the amount it will reimburse for them are often made on an indication-by-indication basis.

In cases where there is no coverage policy or we do not have a contracted rate for reimbursement as a participating provider, the patient is typically responsible for a greater share of the cost of the product, which may result in further delay of our revenue, increase our collection costs or decrease the likelihood of collection.

Our claims for reimbursement from third-party payors may be denied upon submission, and we may need to take additional steps to receive payment, such as appealing the denials. Such appeals and other processes are time-consuming and expensive, and may not result in payment. Third-party payors may perform audits of historically paid claims and attempt to recoup funds years after the funds were initially distributed if the third-party payors believe the funds were paid in error or determine that our Lineagen products and diagnostic assays were medically unnecessary. If a third-party payor audits our claims and issues a negative audit finding, and we are not able to overturn the audit findings through appeal, the recoupment may result in a material adverse effect on our revenue. Additionally, in some cases commercial third-party payors for whom we are not a participating provider may elect at any time to review claims previously paid and determine the amount they paid was too much. In these situations, the third-party payor will typically notify us of their decision and then offset whatever amount they determine they overpaid against amounts they owe us on current claims. We cannot predict when, or how often, a third-party payor might engage in these reviews and we may not be able to dispute these retroactive adjustments.

Additionally,  coverage  policies  and  third-party  payor  reimbursement  rates  may  change  at  any  time.  Therefore,  even  if  favorable  coverage  and reimbursement status is attained, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future that may adversely affect the coverage and reimbursement of our Lineagen products and diagnostic assays.

## If  diagnostic  procedures  that  are  enabled  by  our  Saphyr  technology  are  subject  to  unfavorable  pricing  regulations  or  third-party  payor coverage and reimbursement policies, our business could be harmed .

Currently, our Saphyr product is for research use only, but clinical laboratories may acquire our instrumentation through a capital purchase or capital lease and use the Saphyr and direct label stain chemistry to create their own potentially reimbursable products, such as laboratory developed tests for in vitro diagnostics. Our customers may generate revenue for these testing services by seeking the necessary approval of their product from the FDA or the Centers  for  Medicare  &amp;  Medicaid  Services,  or  CMS,  along  with  coverage  and  reimbursement  from  third-party  payors,  including  government  health programs and private health plans. The ability of our customers to commercialize diagnostic tests based on our technology will depend in part on the extent to which coverage and reimbursement for these tests will be available from such third-party payors.

In the U.S., molecular testing laboratories have multiple options for reimbursement coding, but we expect that the primary codes used will be the genomic sequencing procedure codes, or GSPs. The American Medical Association, or AMA, added

GSPs to its clinical laboratory fee schedule in 2015. In addition, CMS recently issued a coverage determination providing for the reimbursement of nextgeneration sequencing for certain cancer diagnostics using an FDA-approved in vitro diagnostic test. Private health plans often follow CMS coverage and reimbursement guidelines to a substantial degree, and it is difficult to predict what CMS will decide with respect to the coverage and reimbursement of any products our customers try to commercialize.

In Europe, coverage for molecular diagnostic testing is varied. Countries with statutory health insurance (e.g., Germany, France, The Netherlands) tend to be more progressive in technology adoption with favorable reimbursement for molecular diagnostic testing. In countries such as the United Kingdom with tax-based insurance, adoption and reimbursement for molecular diagnostic testing is not uniform and is influenced by local budgets.

Ultimately, coverage and reimbursement of new products is uncertain, and whether laboratories that use our instruments to develop their own products will  attain  coverage  and  adequate  reimbursement  is  unknown.  In  the  U.S.,  there  is  no  uniform  policy  for  determining  coverage  and  reimbursement. Coverage can differ from payor to payor, and the process for determining whether a payor will provide coverage may be separate from the process for setting  the  reimbursement  rate.  In  addition,  the  U.S.  government,  state  legislatures  and  foreign  governments  have  shown  significant  interest  in implementing  cost  containment  programs  to  limit  the  growth  of  government-paid  healthcare  costs,  including  price  controls  and  restrictions  on reimbursement. We cannot be sure that coverage will be available for any diagnostic tests based on our technology, and, if coverage is available, the level of payments. Reimbursement may impact the demand for those tests. If coverage and reimbursement is not available or is available only to limited levels, our customers may not be able to successfully commercialize any tests for which they receive marketing authorization.

## Healthcare legislative or regulatory reform measures may have a negative impact on our business and results of operations.

In March 2010, the ACA became law. The ACA is a sweeping law intended to broaden access to health insurance, reduce or constrain the growth of healthcare spending, enhance remedies against fraud and abuse, add new transparency requirements for the healthcare and health insurance industries, impose new taxes and fees on the health industry and impose additional health policy reforms. For example, the ACA contained a 2.3% excise tax on certain entities that manufacture or import medical devices offered for sale in the U.S., with limited exceptions, which has been permanently eliminated as part of the 2020 spending package.

There  have  been  executive,  judicial  and  Congressional  challenges  to  certain  aspects  of  the  ACA.  For  example,  while  Congress  has  not  passed comprehensive repeal legislation, it has enacted laws that modify certain provisions of the ACA such as removing penalties, starting January 1, 2019, for not  complying  with  the  ACA's  individual  mandate  to  carry  health  insurance.  On  June  17,  2021  the  U.S.  Supreme  Court  dismissed  a  challenge  on procedural grounds that argued the ACA was unconstitutional in its entirety because the 'individual mandate' was repealed by Congress. Thus, the ACA will remain in effect in its current form. In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ACA was enacted. For example, on April 1, 2014, the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014, or PAMA, was signed into law, which, among other things, significantly altered the payment methodology under the Medicare Clinical Laboratory Fee Schedule, or CLFS. PAMA requires certain laboratories performing clinical diagnostic laboratory tests to report to CMS the amounts paid by private payors for laboratory tests. Such reporting has been subject to numerous delays. Beginning on January 1, 2018, CMS has begun using reported private payor pricing to periodically revise payment rates under the CLFS. Based on current law, between January 1, 2023 and March 31, 2023, applicable laboratories will be required to report on data collected during January 1, 2019 and June 30, 2019. This data will be utilized to determine 2024 to 2026 CLFS rates.

We expect that the ACA, as well as other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and additional downward pressure on the price that we or our collaborators will receive for any cleared or approved product. Congress is considering additional  health  reform  measures. Further,  it  is  possible  that  additional  governmental  action  is  taken  in  response  to  the  COVID-19  pandemic.  Any reduction  in  payments  from  Medicare  or  other  government  programs  may  result  in  a  similar  reduction  in  payments  from  private  payors.  The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent our customers from successfully commercializing any tests for which they receive approval, which could prevent us from being able to generate revenue and attain profitability.

## Complying with numerous regulations pertaining to our business is an expensive and time-consuming process, and any failure to comply could result in substantial penalties.

We are subject to the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendment of 1988, or CLIA, which is a federal law regulating clinical laboratories that perform testing on specimens derived from humans for the purpose of providing information for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of disease. Our clinical laboratory is located in Utah and must be certified under CLIA in order for us to perform testing on human specimens. CLIA is intended to ensure the quality and reliability of clinical laboratories in the United States by mandating specific standards in the areas of personnel qualifications, administration, and participation  in  proficiency  testing,  patient  test  management,  quality  control,  quality  assurance  and  inspections.  We  have  a  current  certificate  of compliance under CLIA to perform cytogenetics. To renew this certificate, we are subject to survey and

inspection every two years. Moreover, CLIA inspectors may make periodic inspections of our clinical laboratory outside of the renewal process. The failure to comply with CLIA requirements can result in enforcement actions, including the revocation, suspension, or limitation of our CLIA certificate of compliance, as well as a directed plan of correction, state on-site monitoring, civil money penalties, civil injunctive suit and/or criminal penalties. We must maintain CLIA compliance and certification to be eligible to bill for assays provided to Medicare beneficiaries. If we were to be found out of compliance with CLIA program requirements and subjected to sanctions, our business and reputation could be harmed. Even if it were possible for us to bring our laboratory back into compliance, we could incur significant expenses and potentially lose revenue in doing so.

We hold laboratory licenses from the states of California, Pennsylvania, and Maryland, to test specimens from patients in those states or received from ordering physicians in those states. Other states may have similar requirements or may adopt similar requirements in the future. Finally, we may be subject to regulation in foreign jurisdictions if we seek to expand international distribution of our assays outside the United States.

If we were to lose our CLIA certification or state laboratory licenses, whether as a result of a revocation, suspension or limitation, we would no longer be able to offer our assays, which would limit our revenues and harm our business. If we were to lose, or fail to obtain, a license in any other state where we are required to hold a license, we would not be able to test specimens from those states. If we were to lose our CAP accreditation, our reputation for quality, as well as our business, financial condition and results of operations, could be significantly and adversely affected.

## We are subject to federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws and other federal and state laws applicable to our business activities, including our marketing practices. If we are unable to comply, or have not complied, with such laws, we could face substantial penalties .

Our operations are subject to various federal and state fraud and abuse laws, including, without limitation, the federal and state anti-kickback statutes and false  claims  laws.  These  laws  may  impact,  among  other  things,  our  sales  and  marketing  and  education  programs,  and  our  financial  and  business relationships with health care professionals. The laws that may affect our ability to operate include, but are not limited to:

- the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, or the AKS, which prohibits, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying any remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of an item or service reimbursable, in whole or in part, under a federal healthcare program, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. The term ''remuneration'' has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value. There are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution, however these are drawn narrowly. Additionally, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. In addition, the ACA codified case law that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the AKS constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal False Claims Act, or the FCA;
- the Stark Law, which prohibits a physician from making a referral for certain designated health services covered by the Medicare or Medicaid program,  including  laboratory  and  pathology  services,  if  the  physician  or  an  immediate  family  member  of  the  physician  has  a  financial relationship with the entity providing the designated health services and prohibits that entity from billing, presenting or causing to be presented a claim for the designated health services furnished pursuant to the prohibited referral, unless an exception applies;
- federal civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalty laws, such as the FCA, which can be enforced by private citizens through civil qui tam actions, prohibits individuals or entities from, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented false, fictitious or fraudulent claims for payment or approval by the federal government, including federal health care programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim, or knowingly making a false statement to improperly avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government;
- the Eliminating Kickbacks in Recovery Act of 2018, or EKRA, prohibits payments for referrals to recovery homes, clinical treatment facilities, and laboratories.  EKRA's  reach  extends  beyond  federal  health  care  programs  to  include  private  insurance  (i.e.,  it  is  an  'all  payor'  statute).  For purposes of EKRA, the term 'laboratory' is defined broadly and without reference to any connection to substance use disorder treatment. The law includes a limited number of exceptions, some of which closely align with corresponding federal Anti-Kickback Statute exceptions and safe harbors, and others that materially differ;
- the  federal  Health  Insurance  Portability  and  Accountability  Act  of  1996,  or  HIPAA,  which,  among  other  things,  imposes  criminal  liability  for executing or attempting to execute a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors, knowingly and willfully  embezzling  or  stealing  from  a  healthcare  benefit  program,  willfully  obstructing  a  criminal  investigation  of  a  healthcare  offense,  and knowingly and willfully falsifying,

concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement or representation, in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. Like the AKS, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation;

- HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, and their implementing regulations, which imposes privacy, security and breach reporting obligations with respect to individually identifiable health information upon entities subject to the  law,  such  as  health  plans,  healthcare  clearinghouses  and  certain  healthcare  providers,  known  as  covered  entities,  and  their  respective business associates, individuals or entities that perform services for them that involve individually identifiable health information as well as their covered subcontractors;
- state laws that prohibit other specified practices, such as billing physicians for tests that they order or providing tests at no or discounted cost to induce physician or patient adoption; insurance fraud laws; waiving coinsurance, co-payments, deductibles, and other amounts owed by patients; billing  a  state  Medicaid program at a price that is higher than what is charged to one or more other third-party payors employing, exercising control over or splitting professional fees with licensed professionals in violation of state laws prohibiting fee splitting or the corporate practice of medicine and other professions; and
- federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers;
- the prohibition on reassignment of Medicare claims, which, subject to certain exceptions, precludes the reassignment of Medicare claims to any other party;
- state and foreign law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws, that may impose similar or more prohibitive restrictions, and may apply to items or services reimbursed by any non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers; and
- federal,  state  and  foreign  laws  that  govern  the  privacy  and  security  of  health  information  or  personally  identifiable  information  in  certain circumstances, including  state  health  information  privacy  and  data  breach  notification  laws  which  govern  the  collection,  use,  disclosure,  and protection of health-related and other personal data, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not pre-empted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts.

As a clinical laboratory, our business practices may face additional scrutiny from government regulatory agencies such as the Department of Justice, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General, or OIG, and CMS.

Certain arrangements between clinical laboratories and referring physicians have been identified in fraud alerts issued by the OIG as implicating the AKS. The OIG has stated that it is particularly concerned about these types of arrangements because the choice of laboratory, as well as the decision to order laboratory tests, typically are made or strongly influenced by the physician, with little or no input from patients. Moreover, the provision of payments or other items of value by a clinical laboratory to a referral source could be prohibited under the Stark Law unless the arrangement meets all criteria of an applicable exception. The government has been active in enforcement of these laws as they apply to clinical laboratories.

We have entered into consulting and scientific advisory board arrangements, speaking arrangements and clinical research agreements with physicians and other healthcare providers, including some who could influence the use of our products. Although we believe that these have been structured in compliance with applicable laws, because of the complex and far-reaching nature of these laws, regulatory agencies may view these transactions as prohibited arrangements that must be restructured, or discontinued, or for which we could be subject to other significant penalties. We could be adversely affected if regulatory agencies interpret our financial relationships with providers who may influence the ordering of and use of our products to be in violation of applicable laws.

Ensuring that our business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations is costly. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws, we may be subject to significant penalties, including, without limitation, civil, criminal, and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs, additional integrity oversight and reporting obligations, imprisonment, contractual damages, and reputational harm, any of which could adversely affect our  ability  to  operate  our  business  and  our  results  of  operations.  If  any  of  the  physicians  or  other  healthcare  providers  or  entities  with  whom  we  do business is found to be not in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs.

Additionally, sales of our products outside of the U.S. will subject us to similar foreign regulatory requirements.

## Risks Related to Intellectual Property

## If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, it may reduce our ability to maintain any technological or competitive advantage over our competitors and potential competitors, and our business may be harmed.

We rely on patent protection as well as trademark, copyright, trade secret and other intellectual property rights protection and contractual restrictions to protect our proprietary technologies, all of which provide limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep any competitive  advantage.  As  of  March  1,  2022,  we  (directly  or  through  our  wholly  owned  subsidiaries  Lineagen,  Inc  and  BioDiscovery,  LLC)  were  the assignee  of  28  granted  U.S.  patents  or  allowed  U.S.  patent  applications  and  21  pending  U.S.  patent  applications.  We  also  were  the  assignee  of approximately 96 pending patent applications and granted patents in particular jurisdictions outside the U.S. If we fail to protect and/or maintain our intellectual property, third parties may be able to compete more effectively against us, we may lose our technological or competitive advantage, and/or we may incur substantial litigation costs in our attempts to recover or restrict use of our intellectual property.

We cannot assure investors that any of our currently pending or future patent applications will result in granted patents, and we cannot predict how long it will take for such patents to issue, if at all. It is possible that, for any of our patents that have issued or that may issue in the future, our competitors may design  their  products,  technologies  or  services  around  our  patented  technologies.  Further,  we  cannot  assure  investors  that  other  parties  will  not challenge any patents granted to us, or that courts or regulatory agencies will hold our patents to be valid, enforceable, and/or infringed. We cannot guarantee investors that we will be successful in defending challenges made against our patents and patent applications. Any successful third-party challenge or challenges to our patents could result in the unenforceability or invalidity of such patents, or such patents being interpreted narrowly and/or in a manner adverse to our interests. Our ability to establish or maintain a technological or competitive advantage over our competitors and/or market entrants  may  be  diminished  because  of  these  uncertainties.  For  these  and  other  reasons,  our  intellectual  property  may  not  provide  us  with  any competitive advantage. For example:

- we or our licensors might not have been the first to make the inventions claimed or disclosed by our pending patent applications or issued patents;
- we or our licensors might not have been the first to file patent applications for these inventions. To determine the priority of these inventions, we may have to participate in interference proceedings or derivation proceedings declared by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or the USPTO, which could result in substantial cost to us, and could possibly result in a loss or narrowing of patent rights. No assurance can be given that our or  our  licensors'  patent  applications  or  granted  patents  will  have  priority  over  any  other  patent  or  patent  application  involved  in  such  a proceeding, or will be held valid as an outcome of the proceeding;
- other  parties  may  independently  develop  similar  or  alternative  products  and  technologies  or  duplicate  any  of  our  products  and  technologies, which can potentially impact our market share, revenue, and goodwill, regardless of whether intellectual property rights are successfully enforced against these other parties;
- it  is  possible  that  our  owned  or  licensed  pending  patent  applications  will  not  result  in  granted  patents,  and  even  if  such  pending  patent applications issue as patents, they may not provide intellectual property protection of commercially viable products or product features, may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be challenged and invalidated by third parties, patent offices, and/or the courts;
- we may be unaware of or unfamiliar with prior art and/or interpretations of prior art that could potentially impact the validity or scope of our patents or pending patent applications, or patent applications that we intend to file;
- we take efforts to enter into agreements with employees, consultants, collaborators, and, as applicable, advisors to confirm ownership and chain of  title  in  intellectual  property  rights.  However,  an  inventorship  or  ownership  dispute  could  arise  that  may  permit  one  or  more  third  parties  to practice or enforce our intellectual property rights, including possible efforts to enforce rights against us;
- we may elect not to maintain or pursue intellectual property rights that, at some point in time, may be considered relevant to or enforceable against a competitor;
- we may not develop additional proprietary products and technologies that are patentable, or we may develop additional proprietary products and technologies that are not patentable;
- the patents or other intellectual property rights of others may have an adverse effect on our business; and
- we apply for patents relating to our products and technologies and uses thereof, as we deem appropriate. However, we or our representatives or their agents may fail to apply for patents on important products and technologies in a timely fashion or at all, or we or our representatives or their agents may fail to apply for patents in potentially relevant jurisdictions.

To the extent our intellectual property offers inadequate protection, or is found to be invalid or unenforceable, we would be exposed to a greater risk of direct or indirect competition. If our intellectual property does not provide adequate coverage of our competitors' products, technologies or services, our competitive position could be adversely affected, as could our business.

Further, to the extent that computation methods implemented by software included in our products or technologies are not protected by our patents, our dependence on copyright and trade secret protection may not provide adequate protection. In addition, the Supreme Court's ruling in Alice Corporation Pty. Ltd. v. CLS Bank International has narrowed the scope of patent protection available for computational methods in certain circumstances.

## The measures that we use to protect the security of our intellectual property and other proprietary rights may not be adequate, which could result in the loss of legal protection for, and thereby diminish the value of, such intellectual property and other rights.

In  addition  to  pursuing  patents  on  our  technologies,  we  also  rely  upon  trademarks,  trade  secrets,  copyrights  and  unfair  competition  laws,  as  well  as license agreements and other contractual provisions, to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights. Despite these measures, any of our intellectual property rights could be challenged, invalidated, circumvented or misappropriated. In addition, we take steps to protect our intellectual property and  proprietary  technologies  by  entering  into  confidentiality  agreements  and  intellectual  property  assignment  agreements  with  our  employees, consultants, corporate partners and, when needed, our advisors. Such agreements may not be enforceable or may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets and/or other proprietary information in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure or other breaches of the agreements, and we may not be able to prevent such unauthorized disclosure. Moreover, if a party having an agreement with us has an overlapping or conflicting obligation to a third-party, our rights in and to certain intellectual property could be undermined. Monitoring unauthorized and inadvertent disclosure is difficult, and we do not know whether the steps we have taken to prevent such disclosure are, or will be, adequate. If we were to enforce a claim that a third-party had illegally obtained and was using our trade secrets, it would be expensive and time consuming, the outcome would be unpredictable, and any remedy may be inadequate. In addition, courts outside the U.S. may be less willing to protect trade secrets.

In addition, competitors could purchase our products or technologies and attempt to replicate and/or improve some or all of the competitive advantages we  derive  from  our  development  efforts,  willfully  infringe  our  intellectual  property  rights,  design  their  products or  technologies  around  our  protected technologies  or  develop  their  own  competitive  technologies  that  fall  outside  of  our  intellectual  property  rights.  If  our  intellectual  property  does  not adequately protect our market share against competitors' products or technologies, services and methods, our competitive position could be adversely affected, as could our business.

## We have rights in some intellectual property that has been discovered through government funded programs and thus is subject to federal regulations such as 'march-in' rights, certain reporting requirements, and a preference for U.S. industry. Compliance with such regulations may limit our exclusive rights, subject us to expenditure of resources with respect to reporting requirements, and limit our ability to contract with non-U.S. manufacturers.

Some of the intellectual property rights assigned to us and/or in-licensed to us have been generated through the use of U.S. government funding and are therefore  subject  to  certain  federal  regulations.  For  example,  all  of  the  intellectual  property  rights  licensed  to  us  under  our  license  agreement  with Princeton  University  have  been  generated  using  U.S.  government  funds.  As  a  result,  the  U.S.  government  has  certain  rights  to  intellectual  property embodied in our current or future products pursuant to the Bayh-Dole Act of 1980. These U.S. government rights in certain inventions developed under a government-funded program include a non-exclusive, non-transferable, irrevocable worldwide license to use inventions for any governmental purpose. In addition, the U.S. government has the right to require us to grant exclusive, partially exclusive, or non-exclusive licenses to any of these inventions to a third-party if the government determines that: (i) adequate steps have not been taken to commercialize the invention; (ii) government action is necessary to meet public health or safety needs; or (iii) government action is necessary to meet requirements for public use under federal regulations (also referred to as 'march-in rights'). The U.S. government also has the right to take title to these inventions if we fail, or the applicable licensor fails, to disclose the invention  to  the  government,  elect  title,  and  file  an  application  to  register  the  intellectual  property  within  specified  time  limits.  In  addition,  the  U.S. government may acquire title to these inventions in any country in which a patent application is not filed within specified time limits. Intellectual property generated under a government funded program is also subject to certain reporting requirements, compliance with which may require us, or the applicable licensor,  to  expend  substantial  resources.  In  addition,  the  U.S.  government  requires  that  any  products  embodying  the  subject  invention  or  produced through the use of the subject invention be manufactured substantially in the U.S. The manufacturing preference requirement can be waived if the owner of the intellectual property can show that reasonable but unsuccessful efforts have been made to grant licenses on similar terms to potential licensees that would be likely to manufacture substantially in the U.S. or that, under the circumstances, domestic manufacture is not commercially feasible. This preference for U.S. manufacturing may limit our ability to license the applicable patent rights on an exclusive basis under certain circumstances.

If we enter into future arrangements involving government funding, and we make or license inventions that result from such funding, intellectual property rights to such discoveries may be subject to the applicable provisions of the Bayh-Dole Act. To the extent any of our current or future intellectual property is generated through the use of U.S. government funding, the

provisions of the Bayh-Dole Act may similarly apply. Any exercise by the government of certain of its rights could harm our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

## We depend on technology that is licensed to us by Princeton University. Any loss of our rights to this technology could prevent us from selling our products.

Some technology that relates to analysis of nucleic acids is licensed exclusively to us from Princeton University, or Princeton. We do not own the patents that underlie this license. Our rights to use this technology and employ the inventions claimed in the licensed patents are subject to the continuation of and compliance with the terms of the license. Our principal obligations under our license agreement with Princeton are as follows:

- royalty payments;
- annual maintenance fees;
- using commercially reasonable efforts to develop and sell a product using the licensed technology and developing a market for such product;
- paying and/or reimbursing fees related to prosecution, maintenance and enforcement of patent rights; and
- providing certain reports.

If we breach any of these obligations, Princeton may have the right to terminate or modify the license, which could result in our being unable to develop, manufacture  and  sell  our  products  or  a  competitor  gaining  access  to  the  relevant  technology.  Termination  or  certain  modifications  of  our  license agreement with Princeton would have a material adverse effect on our business.

In addition, we are a party to a number of other agreements that include licenses to intellectual property, including non-exclusive licenses. We may need to enter into additional license agreements in the future. Our business could suffer, for example, if any current or future licenses terminate, if the licensors fail to abide by the terms of the license, if the licensed patents or other rights are found to be invalid or unenforceable, or if we are unable to enter into necessary licenses on acceptable terms.

As we have done previously, we may need or may choose to obtain licenses and/or acquire intellectual property rights from third parties to advance our research or begin commercialization of our current or future products or services, and we cannot provide any assurances that third-party patents do not exist  that  might  be  enforced  against  our  current  or  future  products  or  services  in  the  absence  of  such  a  license.  We  may  fail  to  obtain  any  of  these licenses or intellectual property rights on commercially reasonable terms. Even if we are able to obtain a license, it may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. In that event, we may be required to expend significant time and resources to develop or license replacement technology. If we are unable to do so, we may be unable to develop or commercialize the affected products or services, which could materially harm our business and the third parties owning such intellectual property rights could seek either an injunction prohibiting our sales, or, with respect to our sales, an obligation on our part to pay royalties and/or other forms of compensation.

Licensing of intellectual property is important to our business and involves complex legal, business and scientific issues. Disputes may arise between us and our licensors regarding intellectual property subject to a license agreement, including:

- the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues;
- whether  and  the  extent  to  which  our  technologies  and  processes  infringe  any  intellectual  property  of  the  licensor  that  is  not  subject  to  the licensing agreement;
- whether to take action to enforce any intellectual property rights against an allegedly infringing product or process of a third-party;
- our right to sublicense patent and other rights to third parties;
- our diligence obligations with respect to the use of licensed technology in relation to our development and commercialization of our products and services, and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; and
- the ownership of inventions and know-how, such as intellectual property resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors and us and our partners.

If  disputes over intellectual property that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected product or service, or the dispute may have an adverse effect on our results of operation.

In addition to agreements pursuant to which we in-license intellectual property, we may in the future grant licenses under our intellectual property, or sell certain intellectual property. Like in-licenses, out-licenses can be complex and disputes may arise

between us and our licensees, such as the types of disputes described above. Moreover, licensees may breach their obligations, or we may be exposed to liability due to our failure or alleged failure to satisfy our obligations. Any such occurrence could have an adverse effect on our business.

## If we or any of our partners is sued for infringing intellectual property rights of third parties, it would be costly and time consuming, and an unfavorable outcome in that litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Our success also depends on our ability  to  develop,  manufacture,  market  and  sell  our  products  and  technologies  and  perform  our  services  without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. Numerous U.S. and foreign-issued patents and pending patent applications owned by third parties exist in the fields in which we are developing manufacturing, marketing and selling products and technologies and performing services. As part of a business strategy to impede our successful commercialization and entry into new markets, competitors may allege that our products, technologies and/or services infringe their intellectual property rights.

We  could  incur  substantial  costs  and  divert  the  attention  of  our  management  and  technical  personnel  in  defending  ourselves  against  claims  of infringement made by third parties. Any adverse ruling by a court or administrative body, or perception of an adverse ruling, may have a material adverse impact on our ability to conduct our business and our finances. Moreover, third parties making claims against us may be able to obtain injunctive relief against us, which could block our ability to offer one or more products, technologies or services and could result in a substantial award of damages against us. In  addition,  since  we  sometimes  indemnify  customers,  collaborators  or  licensees,  we  may  have  additional  liability  in  connection  with  any infringement or alleged infringement of third-party intellectual property. Intellectual property litigation can be very expensive, and we may not have the financial means to defend ourselves or our customers, collaborators and licensees.

Because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be pending applications, some of which are unknown to us, that may result in issued patents upon which our products, services or proprietary technologies may infringe. Moreover, we may fail to identify issued patents of relevance or incorrectly conclude that an issued patent is invalid or not infringed any of our products, services or proprietary technologies. There is a substantial amount of litigation involving patents and other intellectual property rights in our industry. If a third-party claims that we or any of our licensors, customers or collaboration partners infringe upon a third-party's intellectual property rights, we may have to:

- seek to obtain licenses that may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all;
- abandon any product or service alleged or held to infringe, or redesign our products or technologies or processes to avoid potential assertion of infringement;
- pay substantial damages including, in exceptional cases, treble damages and attorneys' fees, which we may have to pay if a court decides that the product or proprietary technology at issue infringes upon or violates the third-party's rights;
- pay substantial royalties or fees for, or grant cross-licenses to, our technology; or
- defend litigation or administrative proceedings that may be costly whether we win or lose, and which could result in a substantial diversion of our financial and management resources.

## We may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or the patents of our licensors, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful.

Competitors may infringe our patents or the patents we license in. In the event of infringement or unauthorized use, we may file one or more infringement lawsuits, which can be expensive and time-consuming. An adverse result in any such litigation proceedings could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated, being found to be unenforceable, and/or being interpreted narrowly and could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing and/or could impact the validity or enforceability positions of our other patents or those we license. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation.

Most of our competitors are larger than we are and have substantially greater resources. They are, therefore, likely to be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation longer than we could. In addition, the uncertainties associated with litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our operations, continue our internal research programs, in-license needed technology, pursue, obtain or maintain intellectual property rights, or enter into development partnerships that would help us bring our products, technologies or services to market.

In addition, patent litigation can be very costly and time-consuming. An adverse outcome in such litigation or proceedings may expose us or any of our future development partners to loss of our proprietary position, expose us to significant liabilities, or require us to seek licenses that may not be available on commercially acceptable terms, if at all.

## Our issued patents could be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged in court or at the Patent Office or other administrative agency, which could have a material adverse impact on our business.

If  we or any of our partners were to initiate legal proceedings against a third-party to enforce a patent related to one of our products, technologies or services, the defendant in such litigation could counterclaim that our patent is invalid and/or unenforceable. In patent litigation in the U.S., defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity and/or unenforceability are commonplace, as are validity challenges by the defendant against the subject patent or other patents before the USPTO. Grounds for a validity challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, including lack of novelty, obviousness or non-enablement, failure to meet the written description requirement, indefiniteness, and/or failure to disclose the best mode or to claim patent eligible subject matter. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent  intentionally  withheld  material  information  from  the  USPTO,  or  made  a  misleading  statement,  during  prosecution.  Additional  grounds  for  an unenforceability assertion include an allegation of misuse or anticompetitive use of patent rights, and an allegation of incorrect inventorship with deceptive intent. Third parties may also raise similar claims before the USPTO even outside the context of litigation. The outcome is unpredictable following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability. With respect to the validity question, for example, we cannot be certain that no invalidating prior art existed of which we and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. These assertions may also be based on information known to us or the Patent Office. If a defendant or third-party were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity and/or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the claims of the challenged patent. Such a loss of patent protection would or could have a material adverse impact on our business.

## We may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets  of  their  other  clients  or  former  employers  to  us,  and/or  that  their  other  clients  or  former  employers  allegedly  have  rights  in  our intellectual property, which could subject us to costly litigation.

As is common in the life sciences industry, we engage the services of consultants and independent contractors to assist us in the development of our products, technologies and services. Many of these consultants and independent contractors were previously employed at, or may have previously or may be currently providing consulting or other services to, universities or other technology, biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. We may become subject to claims that our company, a consultant or an independent contractor inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other information proprietary to their former employers or their former or current clients. We may similarly be subject to claims stemming from similar actions of an employee, such as one who was previously employed by another company, including a competitor or  potential  competitor.  We  may  become  subject  to  claims  that  one  or  more  current  or  former  employees,  consultants,  advisors,  or  independent contractors of ours owns rights in our intellectual property and/or has assigned or is under an obligation to assign rights in our intellectual property to another  party.  This  may  include  a  competitor  of  ours.  If  a  competitor  has  rights  in  our  patents,  the  competitor  or  a  licensee  or  related  entity  of  the competitor may be able to make, use, sell, import, and/or export the patented technology without liability to us under our patents or the patents we license. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to our management team. If we were not successful, we could lose valuable intellectual property rights.

## We may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship or ownership of our patents and other intellectual property.

We generally enter into confidentiality and intellectual property assignment agreements with our employees, consultants, contractors, and, as applicable, advisors.  These agreements generally provide that inventions conceived by the party in the course of rendering services to us will be our exclusive property. However, those agreements may not be honored and may not effectively assign or may be alleged to ineffectively assign intellectual property rights to us. For example, even if we have a consulting agreement in place with an academic advisor pursuant to which such academic advisor is required to assign any inventions developed in connection with providing services to us, such academic advisor may not have the right to assign such inventions to us, as it may conflict with his or her obligations to assign all such intellectual property to his or her employing institution.

In  addition,  we  sometimes  enter  into  agreements  where  we  provide  services  to  third  parties,  such  as  customers.  Under  such  circumstances,  our agreements may provide that certain intellectual property that we conceive in the course of providing those services is assigned to the customer. In those cases, we may not be able to use that particular intellectual property in, for example, our work for other customers without a license.

## We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world, which could materially and negatively affect our business.

Filing, prosecuting, maintaining, and defending patents on current and future products, technologies and services in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the U.S. can be less extensive than those in the U.S. In addition,  the  laws  of  some  foreign  countries  do  not  protect  intellectual  property  rights  to  the  same  extent  as  federal  and  state  laws  in  the  U.S. Consequently, regardless of whether we are able to

prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in the U.S., we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the U.S., or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the U.S. or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not pursued and obtained patent protection to develop their own products, technologies or services, and further, may export otherwise infringing products or technologies to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement is not as strong as it is in the U.S. These products, technologies or services may compete with our products, technologies or services and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. Even if we pursue and obtain issued patents in particular jurisdictions, our patent claims or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent third parties from so competing. Patent protection must ultimately be sought on a country-by-country basis, which is an expensive and time-consuming process with uncertain outcomes. Accordingly, we may choose not to seek patent protection in certain countries, and we will not have the benefit of patent protection in such countries.

Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of  certain  countries,  particularly  certain  developing  countries,  do  not  favor  the  enforcement  of  patents  and  other  intellectual  property  protection, particularly those relating to biotechnology, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products, technologies or services in violation of our proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing, and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful.

Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license and may adversely impact our business.

In  addition,  we  and  our  partners  also  face  the  risk  that  our  products  or  components  thereof  are  imported,  reimported,  or  exported  into  markets  with relatively  higher  prices  from  markets  with  relatively  lower  prices,  which  would  result  in  a  decrease  of  sales  and  any  payments  we  receive  from  the affected market. Recent developments in U.S. patent law have made it more difficult to stop these and related practices based on theories of patent infringement.

## Changes in patent laws or patent jurisprudence could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our products or technologies.

As is the case with other life science industry companies, our success is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly patents. Obtaining and enforcing patents involve both technological complexity and legal complexity. Therefore, obtaining and enforcing patents is costly, time-consuming and inherently uncertain. In addition, the America Invents Act, or the AIA, became effective on March 16, 2013.

An important change introduced by the AIA is that the U.S. transitioned to a 'first-to-file' system for deciding which party should be granted a patent when two or more patent applications are filed by different parties claiming the same invention. A third-party that files a patent application in the USPTO after that date but before us could therefore be awarded a patent claiming or disclosing an invention of ours even if we had made the invention before it was made by the third-party. This will require us to be cognizant going forward of the time from invention to filing of a patent application, but circumstances could prevent us from promptly filing patent applications on our inventions. Additionally, there can be a trade-off between obtaining an earlier filing date, and waiting to obtain additional data and/or further refine a patent application. In some circumstances, the effects of a decision to pursue an earlier filing or a later filing will not be known until prior art or third-party activities are subsequently discovered, such as by the USPTO or by a third-party seeking to challenge patent rights. These circumstances may apply, for example, to patent applications prepared and filed around the time of the implementation of the AIA, or with a priority application that preceded the implementation of the AIA.

Among some of the other changes introduced by the AIA are changes that limit where a patent holder may file a patent infringement suit and providing additional opportunities for third parties to challenge an issued patent in the USPTO. This applies to all of our owned and in-licensed U.S. patents, even those issued before March 16, 2013. Because of a lower standard for evidence in USPTO proceedings compared to the standard for evidence in U.S. federal courts necessary to invalidate a patent claim, a third-party could potentially provide evidence in a USPTO proceeding sufficient for the USPTO to hold a claim invalid even though the same evidence would be insufficient to invalidate the claim if first presented in a court action. Accordingly, a thirdparty may try to use the USPTO procedures to invalidate our patent claims that would not have been invalidated if first challenged by the third-party in court.  The  AIA  and  its  implementation  could  increase  the  uncertainties  and  costs  surrounding  the  prosecution  of  our  patent  applications  and  the enforcement or defense of our issued patents. In addition, the contours of the laws under the AIA are subject to further judicial interpretation and/or legislative changes.

Additionally, the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled on several patent cases in recent years, such as Impression Products, Inc. v. Lexmark International, Inc., Association for Molecular Pathology v. Myriad Genetics, Inc., Mayo Collaborative Services v.

Prometheus Laboratories, Inc. and Alice Corporation Pty. Ltd. v. CLS Bank International, either narrowing the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances or weakening the rights of patent owners in certain situations. In addition to increasing uncertainty with our ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty as to the value of patents, once obtained, including patents in the molecular biology analysis and diagnostic space in particular. Depending on decisions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts, and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that could weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future.

## Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements.

The USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other provisions during the patent process. There are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, competitors might be able to enter the market earlier than would  otherwise  have  been  the  case.  In  some  cases,  our  licensors  may  be  responsible  for  these  payments,  thereby  decreasing  our  control  over compliance with these requirements.

## If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, then we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets of interest and our business may be adversely affected.

Our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names may be challenged, infringed, circumvented or declared generic or determined to be infringing other marks. We may not be able to protect our rights to these trademarks and trade names, which we need to build name recognition by potential partners or customers in our markets of interest. At times, competitors may adopt trade names or trademarks similar to ours, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to market confusion. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other registered trademarks. Over the long term, if we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, then we may not be able to compete effectively and our business may be adversely affected.

## We may use third-party open source software components in future products or technologies, and failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open source software licenses could restrict our ability to sell such products or technologies.

While our current products do not contain any software tools licensed by third-party authors under 'open source' licenses, we may choose to use open source software in future products. Use and distribution of open source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. Some open source licenses may contain requirements that we make available source code for modifications or derivative works we create based upon the type of open source software we use. If we combine our proprietary software with open source software in a certain manner, we could, under certain open source licenses, be required to release the source code of our proprietary software to the public. This would allow our competitors to create similar products with less development effort and time, and ultimately could result in a loss of product sales.

Although we intend to monitor any use of open source software to avoid subjecting our products to conditions, we do not intend, the terms of many open source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. courts, and there is a risk that any such licenses could be construed in a way that could impose unanticipated  conditions  or  restrictions  on  our  ability  to  commercialize  our  products.  Moreover,  we  cannot  assure  investors  that  our  processes  for controlling our use of open source software in our products will be effective. If we are held to have breached the terms of an open source software license, we could be required to seek licenses from third parties to continue offering our products on terms that are not economically feasible, to reengineer  our  products,  to  discontinue  the  sale  of  our  products  if  re-engineering  could  not  be  accomplished  on  a  timely  basis,  or  to  make  generally available, in source code form, our proprietary code, any of which could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition.

## We use third-party software that may be difficult to replace or cause errors or failures of our products that could lead to lost customers or harm to our reputation.

We use software licensed from third parties in our products. In the future, this software may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at  all.  Any  loss  of  the  right  to  use  any  of  this  software  could  result  in  delays  in  the  production  of  our  products  until  equivalent  technology  is  either developed by us, or, if available, is identified, obtained and integrated, which could harm our business. In addition, any errors or defects in third-party software or other third-party software failures could result in errors or defects or cause our products to fail, which could harm our business and be costly to correct.  Many  of  these  providers  attempt  to  impose  limitations  on  their  liability  for  such  errors,  defects  or  failures,  and,  if  enforceable,  we  may  have additional liability to our customers or third-party providers that could harm our reputation and increase our operating costs.

We intend to maintain our relationships with third-party software providers and to seek software from such providers that does not contain any errors or defects. Any failure to do so could adversely impact our ability to deliver reliable products to our customers and could harm our results of operations.

## Numerous factors may limit any potential competitive advantage provided by our intellectual property rights.

The degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations, and may not adequately protect our business, provide a barrier to entry against our competitors or potential competitors, or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. Moreover, if a third-party has intellectual property rights that cover or impact our use of our technologies, we may not be able to fully use or extract value from our intellectual property rights. For example:

- others may be able to develop and/or use technologies that are similar to our technologies or aspects of our technologies but that does not cover the claims of any our patents or patents that may issue from our patent applications or those we license;
- we or the licensor of our licensed-in patents might not have been the first to make the inventions disclosed and/or claimed in a pending patent application that we own or license;
- we or the licensor of our licensed-in patents might not have been the first to file patent applications disclosing and/or claiming an invention;
- others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies without infringing our or our licensors' intellectual property rights;
- pending patent applications that we own or license may not lead to issued patents or may not result in the claims that we want (for example, as to the scope of issued claims, if any);
- patents, if issued, that we own or license may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be held invalid or unenforceable, as a result of legal challenges by our competitors or other third parties;
- third parties may compete with us in jurisdictions where we do not pursue and obtain patent protection;
- we may not be able to obtain and/or maintain necessary or useful licenses on reasonable terms or at all;
- third  parties  may  assert  an  ownership  interest  in  our  intellectual  property  and,  if  successful,  such  disputes  may  preclude  us  from  exercising exclusive rights over that intellectual property;
- we may not be able to maintain the confidentiality of our trade secrets or other proprietary information;
- we may not develop or in-license additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; and
- the patents or other intellectual property of others may have an adverse effect on our business.

Should any of these events occur, they could significantly harm our business and results of operations.

## Risks Related to Ownership of our Securities

## The price of our securities has been and may in the future be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance, and you could lose all or part of your investment.

Our stock price has been and may continue to be volatile. The daily closing market price for our common stock has varied significantly, ranging between a high price of $15.57 on February 16, 2021 and a low price of $1.85 on February 23, 2022. During this time, the price per share of common stock has ranged from an intra-day low of $1.63 per share to an intra-day high of $15.69 per share.

The trading price of our securities is likely to be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control, including limited trading volume. In addition to the risk factors discussed in this section and elsewhere in our Annual Report, these factors include:

- our commercial progress in marketing and selling our genome analysis systems, including sales and revenue trends;
- changes in laws or regulations applicable to our systems;
- adverse developments related to our laboratory facilities;
- increased competition in the diagnostics services industry;
- changes in the structure or funding of research at academic and governmental research institutions, as well as pharmaceutical, biotechnology and contract research companies, including changes that would affect their ability to purchase our products, consumables and technologies;

- the  failure  to  obtain  and/or  maintain  coverage  and  adequate  reimbursement  for  our  Lineagen  products  and  diagnostic  assays  and  patients' willingness to pay out-of-pocket in the absence of such coverage and adequate reimbursement;
- the failure of our customers to obtain and/or maintain coverage and adequate reimbursement for their services using our Saphyr systems or our NxClinical software;
- adverse developments concerning our manufacturers and suppliers;
- our inability to establish future collaborations;
- additions or departures of key scientific or management personnel;
- introduction of new testing services offered by us or our competitors;
- announcements of significant acquisitions, dispositions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments by us or our competitors;
- our ability to effectively manage our growth;
- the size and growth, if any, of our targeted markets;
- the failure or discontinuation of any of our product development and research programs;
- actual or anticipated variations in quarterly operating results;
- our cash position;
- our failure to meet the estimates and projections of the investment community and securities analysts or that we may otherwise provide to the public;
- publication  of  research  reports  about  us  or  our  industries  or  positive  or  negative  recommendations  or  withdrawal  of  research  coverage  by securities analysts;
- changes in the market valuations of similar companies;
- overall performance of the equity markets;
- issuances of debt or equity securities;
- sales of our securities by us or our stockholders in the future;
- trading volume of our securities;
- changes in accounting practices;
- ineffectiveness of our internal controls;
- data breaches of our company, providers, vendors or customers;
- regulatory or legal developments in the United States and other countries;
- disputes or other developments relating to proprietary rights, including our ability to adequately protect our proprietary rights in our technologies;
- significant lawsuits, including patent or stockholder litigation;
- general political and economic conditions;
- natural  disasters,  infectious  diseases,  conflict,  civil  unrest,  epidemics  or  pandemics  including  COVID-19,  outbreaks,  resurgences  or  major catastrophic events; and
- other events or factors, many of which are beyond our control.

In  addition,  the  stock  market  in  general,  and  the  market  for  life  science  technology  companies  in  particular  (including  companies  in  the  diagnostic, genomic and biotechnology related sectors), have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market price of our securities, regardless of our actual operating performance. In the past, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of a company's securities. Because of the potential volatility of our stock price, we may become the target of securities litigation in the future. This type of litigation, if instituted, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management's attention and resources, which would harm our business, operating results or financial condition.

If  we  are  not  able  to  comply  with  the  applicable  continued listing requirements or standards of The Nasdaq Capital Market, Nasdaq could delist our common stock.

Our ability to publicly or privately sell equity securities and the liquidity of our common stock could be adversely affected if we are delisted from The Nasdaq Capital Market or if we are unable to transfer our listing to another stock market. In order to maintain this listing, we must satisfy minimum financial and other continued listing requirements and standards, including a requirement to maintain a minimum bid price of the Company's common stock of $1.00 per share.

For example, in a letter dated April 22, 2020, or the Notice, we were notified by the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, or Nasdaq, that for 30 consecutive trading days preceding the date of the Notice, the bid price of our common stock had closed below the $1.00 per share minimum required for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2), or the Minimum Bid Price Requirement.

On January 13, 2021, Nasdaq notified that Company that it had regained compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement because the closing bid price of our common stock had been at least $1.00 per share or greater from December 29, 2020 to January 12, 2021. Although we have regained compliance with Nasdaq continued listing requirements, if we fail to satisfy another Nasdaq requirement for continued listing, Nasdaq staff could provide notice that our common stock may become subject to delisting. We cannot assure you that such an event will not happen and, if it does, that we will be able to regain compliance. Accordingly, there can be no guarantee that we will be able to maintain our Nasdaq listing. If our common stock is delisted by Nasdaq, it could lead to a number of negative implications, including an adverse effect on the price of our common stock, increased volatility in our common stock, reduced liquidity in our common stock, the loss of federal preemption of state securities laws and greater difficulty in obtaining financing. In addition, delisting of our common stock could deter broker-dealers from making a market in or otherwise seeking or generating interest in our common stock, could result in a loss of current or future coverage by certain sell-side analysts and might deter certain institutions and persons from investing in our securities at all. Delisting could also cause a loss of confidence of our customers, collaborators, vendors, suppliers and employees, which could harm our business and future prospects.

## We have never paid dividends and we do not intend to pay dividends on our capital stock.

We have never declared or paid any cash dividend on our capital stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon results of operations, financial condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors our board of directors deems relevant. Accordingly, realization of a gain on your investment will depend on the appreciation of the price of our securities, which may never occur.

## Our  principal  stockholders  and  management  own  a  significant  percentage  of  our  stock  and  will  be  able  to  exert  significant  control  over matters subject to stockholder approval.

Our executive officers, directors and 5% stockholders and their affiliates currently beneficially own a significant percentage of our outstanding voting stock. These stockholders may be able to determine all matters requiring stockholder approval. For example, these stockholders may be able to control elections of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, or approval of any merger, sale of assets or other major corporate transaction. This may  prevent  or  discourage  unsolicited  acquisition  proposals  or  offers  for  our  securities  that  you  may  feel  are  in  your  best  interest  as  one  of  our stockholders

## If we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or file our periodic reports in a timely manner, which may cause adverse effects on our business and may cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and may lead to a decline in our stock price.

We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules and regulations of Nasdaq. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability  of  financial  reporting  and  the  preparation  of  financial  statements  in  accordance  with  accounting  principles  generally  accepted  in  the  U.S. Effective  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  is  necessary  for  us  to  provide  reliable  financial  reports  in  a  timely  manner.  The  rules  governing  the standards that must be met for our management to assess our internal control over financial reporting are complex and require significant documentation, testing and possible remediation.

For  the  year  ended  December  31,  2020,  we  concluded  there  was  a  material  weakness  in  our  internal  control  environment  over  financial  reporting because we did not have a sufficient number of resources to support the growth and complexity of our financial reporting requirements. This material weakness contributed to a material weakness in our control activities based on the criteria set forth in the 2013 Framework. Specifically, the design of certain controls did not adequately provide appropriate segregation of duties. The failure to maintain appropriate segregation of duties had a pervasive impact  and  as  such,  this  deficiency  resulted  in  a  risk  that  could  have  impacted  all  financial  statement  account  balances  and  disclosures  and  was therefore considered a material weakness. The material weaknesses did not result in any identified material misstatements to our financial statements, and there were no changes to previously released financial results, and as of December 31, 2021, we concluded that

as of such date our controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level due to the implementation of remediation measures that we undertook.

Although we were able to remediate our prior material weakness, we cannot assure you that we will not experience future material weaknesses or that we will be able to successfully remediate any such material weakness in a timely manner or at all. If our independent registered public accounting firm is subsequently unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our securities could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory authorities and we could be subject to shareholder litigation. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict our future access to the capital markets.

## Our disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud.

We have designed our disclosure controls and procedures to reasonably assure that information we must disclose in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, and recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. We believe that any disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting, no matter how wellconceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met.

These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple errors or mistakes. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by an unauthorized override of the controls. Accordingly, because of the inherent limitations in our control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.

Based on the evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, we concluded that, as of such date, our internal control over financial reporting was effective at a reasonable assurance level due to our implementation of the above-mentioned measures to address material weakness discussed above.

## We incur  significant  costs  as  a  result  of  operating  as  a  public  company,  and  our  management  is  required  to  devote  substantial  time  to compliance initiatives.

We  have  incurred  significant  legal,  accounting  and  other  expenses  that  we  did  not  incur  as  a  private  company.  We  are  subject  to  the  reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which require, among other things, that we file with the SEC annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules subsequently adopted by the SEC  and  Nasdaq  to  implement  provisions  of  the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act,  impose  significant  requirements  on  public  companies,  including  requiring establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and changes in corporate governance practices. Further, in July 2010, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or the Dodd-Frank Act, was enacted. There are significant corporate governance and executive-compensation-related provisions in the Dodd-Frank Act that require the SEC to adopt additional rules and regulations in these areas. As of June 30, 2021, the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded $700.0 million. Consequently, we are a large accelerated filer and cease to be an emerging growth company effective December 31, 2021. As a result of this transition, we are subject to certain disclosure and compliance requirements that apply to other public companies but did not previously apply to us due to our previous status as an emerging growth company and expect to incur additional legal and financial compliance costs as a result. Stockholder activism, the current political environment and the current high level of government intervention and regulatory reform may lead to substantial new regulations and disclosure obligations, which may lead to additional compliance costs and impact the manner in which we operate our business in ways we cannot currently anticipate.

We expect the rules and regulations applicable to public companies will continue to substantially increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make  some  activities  more  time-consuming  and  costly,  especially  as  we  no  longer  qualify  as  an  emerging  growth  company  or  a  smaller  reporting company and are therefore required to comply with additional, costly disclosure and compliance requirements, subject to a transition period. If these requirements divert the attention of our management and personnel from other business concerns, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The increased costs will decrease our net income or increase our consolidated net loss, and may require us to reduce costs in other areas of our business or increase the prices of our products, technologies or services. For example, these rules and regulations to make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and we are required to incur substantial costs to maintain the same or similar coverage. We cannot predict or estimate the amount or timing of additional costs we may incur to respond to these requirements. The impact of these requirements also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as executive officers.

## A significant portion of our total outstanding shares are restricted from immediate resale but may be sold into the market in the near future. This could cause the market price of our common stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well.

Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time, subject to the restrictions and limitations described below. If our stockholders sell, or the market perceives that our stockholders intend to sell, substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, the market price of our common stock could decline significantly. All of our outstanding shares of common stock are available for sale in the public market, subject only to the restrictions of Rule 144 under the Securities Act in the case of our affiliates.

In  addition,  as  of  December  31,  2021,  we  have  filed  registration  statements  on  Form  S-8  under  the  Securities  Act  registering  the  issuance  of  an aggregate of 22,104,867 shares of common stock subject to options or other equity awards issued or reserved for future issuance under our equity incentive plans. We also intend to file future registration statements on Form S-8 under the Securities Act registering the issuance of additional shares of common stock as the number of shares that may be issued under certain  employee  equity  benefit  plans  automatically  increase  due  to  'evergreen' provisions. Shares registered under these registration statements on Form S-8 are available for sale in the public market subject to vesting arrangements and exercise of options, the lock-up agreements described above and the restrictions of Rule 144 in the case of our affiliates.

## Anti-takeover provisions under our charter documents and Delaware law could delay or prevent a change of control which could limit the market price of our securities and may prevent or frustrate attempts by our security holders to replace or remove our current management.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our board of directors that our stockholders might consider favorable. Some of these provisions include:

- a board of directors divided into three classes serving staggered three-year terms, such that not all members of the board will be elected at one time;
- a prohibition on stockholder action through written consent, which requires that all stockholder actions be taken at a meeting of our stockholders;
- a requirement that special meetings of stockholders be called only by the chairman of the board of directors, the chief executive officer, the president or by a majority of the total number of authorized directors;
- advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and nominations for election to our board of directors;
- a requirement that no member of our board of directors may be removed from office by our stockholders except for cause and, in addition to any other vote required by law, upon the approval of not less than two-thirds of all outstanding shares of our voting stock then entitled to vote in the election of directors;
- a requirement of approval of not less than two-thirds of all outstanding shares of our voting stock to amend any bylaws by stockholder action or to amend specific provisions of our certificate of incorporation; and
- the authority of the board of directors to issue preferred stock on terms determined by the board of directors without stockholder approval and which preferred stock may include rights superior to the rights of the holders of common stock.

In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporate Law, which may prohibit certain business combinations with stockholders owning 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock. These anti-takeover provisions and other provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make it more difficult for stockholders or potential acquirers to obtain control of our board of directors or initiate actions that are opposed by the then-current board of directors and could also delay or impede a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving our company. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors of your choosing or cause us to take other corporate actions you desire. Any delay or prevention of a change of control transaction or changes in our board of directors could cause the market price of our securities to decline.

## An active trading market for our common stock may not be sustained.

Our shares of common stock began trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market on September 21, 2018. Given the limited trading history of our common stock, there is a risk that an active trading market for our shares will not be sustained, which could put downward pressure on the market price of our common stock and thereby affect the ability of our stockholders to sell their shares.

## General Risk Factors

## If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the price of our securities and trading volume could decline.

The trading market for our securities will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. As a newly public company, we have only limited research coverage on our company by equity research analysts. If securities or industry analysts elect not to initiate or continue to provide coverage of our company, the trading price for our securities would likely be negatively impacted. If one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades our securities or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the price of our securities may decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of our company or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our securities could decrease, which might cause the price of our securities and trading volume to decline.

## Future sales of substantial amounts of our common stock, or the possibility that such sales could occur, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.

Future  sales  in  the  public  market  of  shares  of  our  common  stock,  including  shares  issued  upon  exercise  of  our  outstanding  stock  options,  or  the perception by the market that these sales could occur, could lower the market price of our common stock or make it difficult for us to raise additional capital.

## Our business could be negatively affected as a result of actions of activist stockholders, and such activism could impact the trading value of our securities.

Stockholders may, from time to time, engage in proxy solicitations or advance stockholder proposals, or otherwise attempt to effect changes and assert influence  on  our  board  of  directors  and  management.  Activist  campaigns  that  contest  or  conflict  with  our  strategic  direction  or  seek  changes  in  the composition of our board of directors could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. A proxy contest would require us to incur significant legal and advisory fees, proxy solicitation expenses and administrative and associated costs and require significant time and attention by our board of directors and management, diverting their attention from the pursuit of our business strategy. Any perceived uncertainties as to our future direction and control, our ability to execute on our strategy, or changes to the composition of our board of directors or senior management team arising from a proxy contest could lead to the perception of a change in the direction of our business or instability which may result in the loss of potential business opportunities, make it more difficult to pursue our strategic initiatives, or limit our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel and business partners, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. If individuals are ultimately elected to our board of directors with a specific agenda, it may adversely affect our ability to effectively implement our business strategy and create additional value for our stockholders. We may choose to initiate, or may become subject to, litigation as a result of the proxy contest or matters arising from the proxy contest, which would serve as a further distraction to our board of directors and management and would require us to incur significant additional costs. In addition, actions such as those described above could cause significant fluctuations in our stock price based upon temporary or speculative market perceptions or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the underlying fundamentals and prospects of our business.

## Securities class action litigation could divert our management's attention and harm our business and could subject us to significant liabilities.

The  stock  markets  have  from  time  to  time  experienced  significant  price  and  volume  fluctuations  that  have  affected  the  market  prices  for  the  equity securities of life sciences and biotechnology companies. These broad market fluctuations may cause the market price of our ordinary shares to decline. In the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market price of its securities. This risk is especially relevant for us because biotechnology and biopharma companies have experienced significant stock price volatility in recent years. Even if we are successful in defending claims that may be brought in the future, such litigation could result in substantial costs and may be a distraction to our management and may lead to an unfavorable outcome that could adversely impact our financial condition and prospects.

## ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

## ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

We lease an aggregate of approximately 35,823 square feet of office, laboratory, and manufacturing space in two buildings at our headquarters in San Diego, California, with the lease for all rented space expiring December 31, 2025. In December 2021, we executed a new lease for approximately 11,978 additional square feet of office and laboratory space in San Diego, California that expires in January 2026. In January 2022, we executed an amendment to our headquarters lease for a new unit adding an additional 5,278 square feet of office and laboratory space in San Diego, California that expires in January 2026.

In August 2020, through the acquisition of Lineagen, we obtained a lease for approximately 9,710 square feet of office space in a Salt Lake City, Utah under a non-cancelable operating lease that expires in December 2026.

In October 2021, through the acquisition of BioDiscovery, we obtained a finance lease for approximately 4,786 square feet of office space in El Segundo, California that expires in February 2041.

We feel our properties are sufficient to satisfy our current needs.

## ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

We are not currently a party to any material legal proceedings and we are not aware of any pending or threatened legal proceedings against us that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

## ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

None.

## PART II

## ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

## Market Information

Our common stock began trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market on September 21, 2018 under the symbol 'BNGO.' Prior to such time, there was no public market for our common stock.

## Common Stock Holders

As of February 24, 2022, there were approximately 108 holders of record of our common stock. Certain shares of our common stock are held in 'street' name and thus the actual number of beneficial owners of such shares is not known or included in the foregoing number.

## Warrant Holders

As of February 24, 2022, there was one holder of record of our warrants issued in our initial public offering, which are listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol 'BNGOW' ('Warrants'). Certain of our warrants are held in 'street' name and thus the actual number of beneficial owners of such warrants is not known or included in the foregoing number.

## Dividend Policy

We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings for use in the operation of our business and do not intend to declare or pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay dividends on our capital stock would be at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and would depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, general business conditions and other factors that our board of directors considers relevant.

## Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans

The information required by this Item regarding equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference to Item 12 of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or this Annual Report.

## Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers

None.

## Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

Not applicable.

## ITEM 6. [RESERVED]

## ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

You  should  read  the  following  discussion  and  analysis  of  our  financial  condition  and  results  of  operations  together  in  conjunction  with  our  financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business and expected financial results, includes forward-looking statements that

involve risks and uncertainties. You should review the risks described in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report.

## Overview

We are a provider of genome analysis solutions that can enable researchers and clinicians to reveal answers to challenging questions in biology and medicine. Our mission is to transform the way the world sees the genome through optical genome mapping, or OGM, solutions, diagnostic services and software.  We  offer  OGM  solutions  for  applications  across  basic,  translational  and  clinical  research.  Through  our  Lineagen  business,  we  provide diagnostic testing for patients with clinical presentations consistent with autism spectrum disorder and other neurodevelopmental disabilities. Through our BioDiscovery business, we offer an industry-leading, platform-agnostic software solution, which integrates next-generation sequencing and microarray data  designed  to  provide  analysis,  visualization,  interpretation  and  reporting  of  copy  number  variants,  single-nucleotide  variants  and  absence  of heterozygosity across the genome in one consolidated view.

We have incurred losses in each year since our inception. Our net losses were $72.4 million and $41.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of $216.1 million.

We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses as we:

- expand our sales and marketing efforts to further commercialize our products;
- continue research and development efforts to improve our existing products;
- hire additional personnel;
- enter into collaboration arrangements, if any;
- add operational, financial and management information systems; and
- incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company.

## COVID-19

We are subject to  additional  risks  and  uncertainties  as  a  result  of  the  continued  spread  of  COVID-19  and  uncertain  market  conditions,  which  could continue to have a material impact on our business and financial results. We closely monitor and comply with various applicable guidelines and legal requirements in the jurisdictions in which we operate, which may continue to result in reduced business operations in response to new or existing stay-athome orders, travel restrictions and other social distancing measures. If restrictions related to COVID-19 persist, we could see additional supply chain disruptions that impact our ability to produce our products and may cause us to make strategic determinations regarding, among other things, the cost and quality of the components and supplies we acquire. At various times throughout the pandemic, we have been unable to visit certain customer sites to support  installation  of  service  our  OGM  systems.  Our  manufacturing  partners,  suppliers,  and  customers,  have  implemented  similar  operational reductions. This overall reduction in activity has contributed to a decrease in sales which negatively impacted the Company's 2021 financial results. The future effects of COVID-19 are unknown and our financial results may continue to be negatively affected in the future.

During the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, we experienced supply chain challenges, which we largely attribute to the COVID-19 pandemic. While the COVID-19 pandemic did not prevent us from operating our business during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, we experienced substantially increased cost to secure certain component parts in our products and to produce our products at our contract manufacturers.

There may be long-term negative effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, even after it has subsided. Specifically, product demand may be reduced due to an economic recession, a decrease in corporate capital expenditures, prolonged unemployment, reduction in consumer confidence, or any similar negative economic condition.  Further,  the  travel  restrictions  on  our  business  have  limited  our  ability  to  support  our  global  and  domestic  operations,  including providing installation and training and customer service, which has and may continue to slow the pace of our commercial strategy, sales and marketing efforts. These negative effects could have a material impact on our operations, business, earnings, and liquidity.

## Financial Overview

## Revenue

We generate product revenue from sales of our instruments and consumables. We currently sell our products for research use only applications and our customers are primarily laboratories associated with academic and governmental research institutions, as well as pharmaceutical, biotechnology and contract research companies. In addition, we provide instruments to certain customers under our reagent rental program, under which we provide an instrument to customers at no cost and the customers agree to purchase minimum quantities of consumables. Consumable revenue consists of sales of complete assays which are developed internally by us, plus sales of kits which contain all the elements necessary to run tests. We generate  service revenue from the sale of diagnostic testing services for those with autism spectrum disorder and other neurodevelopmental disabilities

through  our  wholly  owned  subsidiary  Lineagen.  We  also  generate  service  and  product  revenue  through  BioDiscovery's  NxClinical  software  which provides customers with solutions for analysis, interpretation and reporting of genomics data. Other revenue consists of warranty and other service-based revenue.

The following table presents our revenue for the periods indicated:

| Years Ended December 31,  2021  2020  Product revenue  $  11,695,000  $  6,230,000  Service and other revenue  6,286,000  2,273,000  Total  $  17,981,000  $  8,503,000  1   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Includes $1.1 million of revenue generated by BioDiscovery from the date of acquisition through December 31, 2021. 1

The following table reflects  total  revenue  by  geography  and  as  a  percentage  of  total  revenue,  based  on  the  billing  address  of  our  customers.  North America consists of the United States and Canada. EMEIA consists of Europe, Middle East, India and Africa. Asia Pacific includes China, Japan, South Korea, Singapore and Australia.

| Years Ended December 31,  2021  2020  $  %  $  %  North America  $  9,329,000  52 %  $  4,489,000  53 %  EMEIA  5,604,000  31 %  3,163,000  37 %  Asia Pacific  3,048,000  17 %  851,000  10 %  Total  $  17,981,000  100 %  $  8,503,000  100 %   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Cost of Revenue

Cost of revenue for our instruments and consumables includes raw material parts costs and associated freight, shipping and handling costs, contract manufacturing costs, salaries and other personnel costs, equipment depreciation, overhead and other direct costs related to those sales recognized as product revenue in the period. Cost of service and other revenue consists of third-party laboratory costs to process the diagnostic samples, salaries of our clinical technicians who interpret and deliver the results to patients, warranty services, and other costs of servicing equipment at customer sites.

## Research and Development Expenses

Research  and  development  expenses  consist  of  salaries  and  other  personnel  costs,  stock-based  compensation,  research  supplies,  third-party development  costs  for  new  products,  materials  for  prototypes,  equipment  depreciation,  and  allocated  overhead  costs  that  include  facility  and  other overhead costs. We have made substantial investments in research and development since our inception, and plan to continue to make investments in the future. Our research and development efforts have focused primarily on the tasks required to support development and commercialization of new and existing products. We believe that our continued investment in research and development is essential to our long-term competitive position.

## Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

Selling,  general  and  administrative  expenses  consist  primarily  of  salaries  and  other  personnel  costs,  intangibles  amortization,  and  stock-based compensation for our sales and marketing, finance, legal, human resources and general management, as well as professional services, such as legal and accounting services.

## Results of Operations

The following table sets forth our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020:

| Years Ended December 31,  Period-to-  Period Change  Period-to-Period  Percentage Change  2021  2020  2021 to 2020  2021 to 2020  Product revenue  $  11,695,000  $  6,230,000  $  5,465,000  88%  Service and other revenue  6,286,000  2,273,000  4,013,000  177%  Total revenue  17,981,000  8,503,000  9,478,000  111%  Cost of product revenue  10,524,000  4,810,000  5,714,000  119%  Cost of service and other revenue  3,583,000  920,000  2,663,000  289%  Total cost of revenue  14,107,000  5,730,000  8,377,000  146%  Research and development  22,485,000  10,256,000  12,229,000  119%  Selling, general and administrative  58,490,000  31,068,000  27,422,000  88%  Total operating expenses  80,975,000  41,324,000  39,651,000  96%  Loss from operations  (77,101,000)  (38,551,000)  (38,550,000)  100%  Interest income  236,000  -  236,000  100%  Interest expense  (927,000)  (2,519,000)  1,592,000  (63)%  Gain on forgiveness of Paycheck Protection Program  loan  1,775,000  -  1,775,000  100%  Loss on debt extinguishment  (2,076,000)  -  (2,076,000)  (100)%  Other expense  (59,000)  (7,000)  (52,000)  743%  Loss before income taxes  (78,152,000)  (41,077,000)  (37,075,000)  90%  Provision for income taxes  5,717,000  (29,000)  5,746,000  (19,814)%  Net loss  $  (72,435,000)  $  (41,106,000)  $  (31,329,000)  76%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Revenue

| Years Ended December 31,  Period-to-Period Change  Period-to-Period Percentage  Change  2021  2020  2021 to 2020  2021 to 2020  Instrument revenue  $  5,887,000  $  3,085,000  $  2,802,000  91%  Consumable revenue  5,808,000  3,145,000  2,663,000  85%  Product revenue  11,695,000  6,230,000  5,465,000  88%  Services and other revenue  6,286,000  2,273,000  4,013,000  177%  Total revenue  $  17,981,000  $  8,503,000  $  9,478,000  111%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Revenue increased by $9.5 million, or 111% to $18.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to $8.5 million for the same period in 2020. The increase in product sales was driven by increased demand for our Saphyr OGM solutions, including increased instrument sales and greater demand for our reagent rental program and consumables. We believe increased demand for our OGM systems was primarily driven by increased market awareness and additional published data demonstrating the utility of OGM. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the total install base of our OGM systems increased by approximately 69%, 97 as of December 31, 2020 to 164 as of December 31, 2021. Additionally, for the year ended December 31, 2021, total flowcells sold reached 12,518, an increase of approximately 100% from the 6,311 flowcells sold during the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in service and other revenue was primarily driven by sales generated by our Lineagen and BioDiscovery subsidiaries.

## Cost of Revenue

Cost of revenue increased by $8.4 million, or 146%, to $14.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to $5.7 million for the same period in 2020. Cost of product revenue increased primarily due to increased product sales, but was also negatively impacted by unfavorable flowcell yields in the production cycle. The yield issues led us to record a $1.2 million inventory write-off in the fourth quarter of 2021, charged to cost of product revenue. If we are unable to solve for the yield issue, it could lead to lower gross margins in future periods. Cost of service and other revenue increased primarily due to costs from Lineagen sales contributing for a full year in 2021 versus a little more than one quarter in 2020.

## Research and Development Expenses

Research and development, or R&amp;D expenses, increased by $12.2 million, or 119%, to $22.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to $10.3 million for the same period in 2020. This is due to headcount additions to our development teams, resulting in a $7.2 million increase in R&amp;D compensation expense. This increase was further driven by a $5.0 million increase in product development costs, including internal materials and supply consumption costs, foundry expenses, clinical trial research, and consulting costs.

We expect research and development expenses to increase in 2022 relative to 2021 as we have added headcount in order to support our efforts to develop more scalable and efficient manufacturing workflows, expand the utility of Saphyr, and develop the next versions of OGM products - including integration of OGM data into our NxClinical software. We expect that stock based compensation will drive a significant portion of the increase in expense in 2022 as a result of the stock issued as consideration in the BioDiscovery acquisition, which primarily rolls up into research and development expense.

## Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

Selling, general and administrative expenses increased $27.4 million, or 88%, to $58.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to $31.1 million for the same period in 2020. This increase is primarily due to a $17.0 million increase in compensation costs driven by increased headcount, and  a  $2.6  million  increase  in  other  headcount-related  expenses.  Other  headcount-related  expenses  included  the  cost  of  recruiting,  temporary employment, and facilities expenses incurred in order to support increased product demand. Headcount increased 103% from 2020 to 2021 to our global sales and back-office teams to support world-wide product distribution. In addition, we increased headcount as a result of the acquisition of BioDiscovery. Professional services - including accounting, legal, investor relations, market research, and annual meeting expenses - increased by $4.6 million. In 2021, legal  costs  include  a  total  of  $1.5  million  in  transaction-related  expenses  that  were  recorded  for  the  BioDiscovery  acquisition.  The  increase  in accounting fees was primarily due to SOX compliance efforts and accounting for the BioDiscovery transaction while the increase in annual meeting expense is tied to the increase in the number of Bionano shareholders.

We expect selling, general, and administrative expenses to increase in 2022 due to our continuing investment in growing and supporting our customer base. We expect stock based compensation to drive a significant portion of the increase in expense in 2022 due to stock option awards issued to seniorlevel Q4 2021 hires as well as awards annual refresher grants issued to executives and non-executives in February 2022.

## Interest Expense

Interest expense decreased by $1.6 million, or 63%, to $0.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to $2.5 million for the same period in 2020. In May 2021, we paid off the outstanding principal balance of the Company's March 2019 Loan and Security Agreement ('Innovatus LSA'). The Innovatus LSA was outstanding for all of 2020.

## Interest Income

Interest income was $0.2 million, for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to $0.0 million for the same period in 2020 resulting from positive returns on investments. Our total available-for-sale securities balance was $226.0 million as of December 31, 2021.

## Gain on forgiveness of Paycheck Protection Program loan

A gain on forgiveness of our Paycheck Protection Program loan, or PPP Loan, of $1.8 million was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021 in connection with the forgiveness of the PPP Loan, including all accrued interest in full.

## Loss on debt extinguishment

A loss on debt extinguishment of $2.1 million was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021 in connection with our payment in full of the Innovatus LSA, including all accrued interest, an end of term fee, a prepayment fee, and write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs

## Income tax benefit (expense)

Income tax benefit increased by $5.7 million, or 19,814%, to a $5.7 million benefit for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to a $29,000 expense for the same period in 2020, driven by the acquisition of BioDiscovery. As a result of the acquisition, we recorded a $5.8 million deferred tax liability  related  to  customer  lists,  patents/trademarks, developed technology, and fixed assets as part of the business combination which reduced the Company's valuation allowance by $5.8 million, resulting in an income tax benefit for the period.

## Liquidity and Capital Resources

Since our inception, we have incurred net losses and negative cash flows from operations. We incurred net losses of $72.4 million and $41.1 million, and used  $71.9  million  and  $38.3  million  of  cash  from  our  operating  activities  for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2021  and  2020,  respectively.  As  of December 31, 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of $216.1 million, cash and cash equivalents of $24.6 million and $226.0 million in available-for-sale securities.

## Sources of Liquidity

In the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we have generated cash flows from sales of common stock and other equity instruments. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2020, we relied on debt as a source of liquidity. We anticipate that future sources of liquidity will principally come from sales of common stock and other equity instruments, borrowings from credit facilities and revenue from our commercial operations. Revenue from our commercial operations has increased due to our acquisition of revenue-positive BioDiscovery. See Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our recent equity activity and Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of terms and provisions of our debt included in this Annual Report.

## Future Capital Requirements

We expect that our near and longer-term liquidity requirements will consist of working capital and general corporate expenses associated with the growth of our business, including, without limitation, expenses associated with scaling up our operations and continuing to increase our manufacturing capacity, sales and marketing expense, increasing market awareness of our products and services to target customers, instrument placements with customers via the reagent rental sales strategy, additional research and development expenses associated with expanding our offerings, expenses associated with continuing to build out our corporate infrastructure and expenses associated with being a public company. Our short-term capital expenditure needs relate primarily to the ongoing build out of our manufacturing and research facilities, service lab and service-related capabilities, research and development expenses  related  to  current  and  future  product  offerings,  and  enhancements  to  information  technology.  We  expect  such  expenditures  to  continue throughout 2022.

## Cash Flows

We derive cash flows from operations primarily from the sale of our products and services. Our cash flows from operating activities are also significantly influenced by our use of cash for operating expenses to support the growth of our business. We have historically experienced negative cash flows from operating activities as we have developed our technology, expanded our business and built our infrastructure and this may continue in the future. The following table sets forth the cash flow from operating, investing and financing activities for the periods presented:

| Years Ended December 31,  2021  2020  Net cash provided by (used in):  Operating activities  $  (71,927,000)  $  (38,314,000)  Investing activities  (278,062,000)  (2,450,000)  Financing activities  336,111,000  61,902,000   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Operating Activities

## 2021 Compared to 2020

Net cash used in operating activities was $71.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to $38.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in cash used in operating activities of $33.6 million is attributed to increased headcount of 103% across the business, increased  professional  fees  to  support  ongoing  business  operations  and  increase  our  international  presence,  increased  spending  on  materials  and supplies, as well as $1.5 million in acquisition-related transaction costs, including financial advisor fees, legal expenses and accounting fees during the year ended December 31, 2021. We anticipate our use of cash in operating activities to increase in the next 12 to 24 months due to anticipated increases in headcount and ongoing support of our growing operations, including, R&amp;D operations. As discussed below, we anticipate our available cash balance will  be sufficient to fund those increases in cash used in operating activities through at least the next 12 months, but we may consider funding those increases or increases beyond the next 12 months with the methods discussed in the section below entitled 'Capital Resources.'

## Investing Activities

## 2021 Compared to 2020

Historically,  our  primary  investing  activities  have  consisted  of  capital  expenditures  for  the  purchase  of  capital  equipment  to  support  our  expanding infrastructure, as well as the acquisitions of Lineagen and BioDiscovery to grow our business. We

expect to continue to incur additional costs for capital expenditures related to these efforts in future periods. Net cash used in investing activities was $278.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to $2.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. This increase in cash used in investment activities of $275.6 million is attributed to the acquisition of BioDiscovery, our new wholly owned subsidiary, as well as purchases of available-for-sale investment securities.

## Financing Activities

## 2021 Compared to 2020

Net cash provided by financing activities was $336.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to $61.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of $274.2 million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we raised approximately $311.1 million in net proceeds from executing two follow-on offerings, $10.0 million from warrant and stock option exercises, and $29.9 million in sales under our at-the-market facilities  with  Landenburg  Thalmann  &amp;  Co.  Inc.,  or  Landenburg,  and  Cowen  and  Company,  LLC,  or  Cowen.  These  proceeds  were  offset  by  our repayment  in  full  of  all  outstanding  amounts  under  our  Innovatus  LSA  of $15.0  million,  including  all  accrued  interest,  the  end  of  term  fee,  and  a prepayment fee.

## Capital Resources

As of December 31, 2021, we had approximately $24.6 million in cash and cash equivalents, $226.0 million of available-for-sale securities, and $250.6 million of working capital.

During the fourth quarter of 2020, we sold 27.0 million shares of our common stock under our prior at-the-market facility at an average share price of $0.82, and received gross proceeds of approximately $22.1 million before deducting offering costs of $0.6 million. In January 2021, we sold an additional 6.3 million shares of our common stock under the such prior at-the-market facility at an average share price of $2.68, and received gross proceeds of approximately  $16.9  million  before  deducting  offering  costs  of  $0.4  million.  This  at-the-market  facility was  terminated  effective  March  22,  2021  and replaced by an ATM with Cowen and Company, LLC, or the Cowen ATM.

On January 12, 2021, we completed an underwritten public offering of 33.4 million shares of our common stock, including 4.4 million shares of our common stock sold pursuant to the underwriters' exercise in full of their option to purchase additional shares. The price to the public in the offering was $3.05 per share and the underwriters purchased the shares from us pursuant to the underwriting agreement at a price of $2.867 per share. The gross proceeds to us were approximately $101.8 million before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses.

On January 19, 2021, we filed an automatically effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-252216) with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, as a 'well-known seasoned issuer.' The registration statement allows us to issue an indeterminate number or amount of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities and warrants from time to time in one or more offerings. However, there can be no assurance that we will complete any future offerings of securities. Any future offerings under this registration statement will be dependent upon, among other factors, market conditions, available pricing, our financial condition, investor perception of our prospects, our capital needs and our ability to maintain status as a wellknown seasoned issuer.

On January 25, 2021, we completed an underwritten public offering pursuant to our shelf registration statement of 38.3 million shares of our common stock, including 5.0 million shares of our common stock sold pursuant to the underwriters' exercise in full of their option to purchase additional shares. The price to the public in the offering was $6.00 per share and the underwriters purchased the shares from us pursuant to the underwriting agreement at a price of $5.64 per share. The gross proceeds to us were approximately $230.0 million before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses.

On March 23, 2021, we entered into a Sales Agreement with Cowen and Company, LLC, or the Cowen ATM,  or Cowen, pursuant to which we may offer and sell, from time to time at our sole discretion, shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $350.0 million, through or to Cowen, acting as sales agent or principal. In the third quarter of 2021, the Company sold 2.3 million shares of common stock under the Cowen ATM at an average share price of $6.15 per share, and received gross proceeds of approximately $13.9 million before deducting offering costs of $0.6 million.

We believe that our cash, cash equivalents, and available for sale securities will be sufficient to fund our planned operations, obligations as they become due, and capital investments for at least the next twelve months. This estimate is based on our current business plan. This estimate does not reflect any additional expenditures resulting from potential acquisitions or strategic transactions. We have based these estimates on assumptions that may prove to be  wrong,  and  we  could  use  our  available  capital  resources  sooner  than  we  currently  expect.  See  Note  1  to  our  consolidated  financial  statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for more information.

## Contractual Obligations

The following table summarizes our future cash outflows for contractual obligations as of December 31, 2021.

| Payments Due by Period  Total  Less than 1 Year  1-3 Years  3-5 Years  More than 5 years  Operating lease obligations, including interest  $  8,162,000  $  1,881,000  $  3,961,000  $  2,320,000  $  -  Finance lease obligations, including interest, related party  7,599,000  314,000  652,000  684,000  5,949,000  Purchase obligations  6,480,000  3,240,000  1,350,000  -  -  Total contractual obligations  $  22,241,000  $  5,435,000  $  5,963,000  $  3,004,000  $  5,949,000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Operating lease obligations relate to our office, laboratory and manufacturing space for our corporate headquarters in San Diego, California and Lineagen operations in Salt Lake City, Utah. Finance lease obligations relate to our BioDiscovery office in El Segundo, California. See Note 11, Commitments and Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report.

Purchase  obligations  primarily  represent  commitments  for  purchases  of  inventory  from  our  supplier  as  disclosed  in  Note  11,  Commitments  and Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report.

## Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

Our management's discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. These accounting principles require us to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, as well as  the  reported  amounts  of  revenues  and  expenses  during  the  periods  presented.  We  believe  that  the  estimates,  judgments  and  assumptions  are reasonable based upon information available to us at the time that these estimates, judgments and assumptions are made. To the extent there are material  differences  between  these  estimates,  judgments  or  assumptions  and  actual  results,  our  financial  statements  will  be  affected.  Historically, revisions to our estimates have not resulted in a material change to our financial statements. While our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report, the significant accounting estimates that we believe are important to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results include the following:

## Stock-Based Compensation Expense

We recognize compensation expense for employees based on an estimated grant date fair value using the Black-Scholes option-pricing method. We have elected to account for forfeitures as they occur.

The inputs for the Black-Scholes valuation model require management's significant assumptions. The common share price was determined by using the quoted price on the grant date. The risk-free interest rates were based on the rate for U.S. Treasury securities at the date of grant with maturity dates approximately equal to the expected life at the grant date. The expected life was based on the simplified method in accordance with the SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Nos. 107 and 110. The expected volatility was estimated based on historical volatility information of peer companies that are publicly available. Our expected dividend yield assumption is zero as we have never paid dividends and have no present intention to do so in the future.

## Goodwill

We review goodwill annually at the reporting unit level at the same time every year or when an event occurs or circumstances change such that it is reasonably possible that an impairment may exist. We have established December 31 as the annual impairment test date. We first make a qualitative assessment as to whether goodwill is impaired and if it is more likely than not that goodwill is impaired, we perform a quantitative impairment analysis to determine if goodwill is impaired. We may also determine to skip the qualitative assessment in any year and move directly to the quantitative test. For the quantitative  test,  we  determine  the  fair  value  of  the  reporting  unit,  then  compare  the  fair  value  of  the  reporting  unit  to  its  carrying  value.  Goodwill impairment is recorded for any excess of a reporting unit's carrying amount over its fair value, not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. The determination of fair value requires a number of significant assumptions and judgments, including assumptions about future economic conditions, revenue growth, operating margins, and discount rates.

We have determined that the Company is a single reporting unit for purposes of goodwill impairment testing. As of December 31, 2021, we performed a qualitative assessment of goodwill impairment which included an evaluation of changes in industry, market and macroeconomic conditions as well as consideration  of  our  financial  performance  and  any  significant  trends.  Our  qualitative  assessment  indicated  that  it  was  not  more  likely  that  not  that goodwill is impaired. No impairments of goodwill were reported during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.

## Business Combinations

We apply the provisions of ASC 805, Business Combinations, in accounting for acquisitions. It requires us to recognize separately from goodwill the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at the acquisition date fair values. Goodwill as of the acquisition date is measured as the excess of consideration transferred over the net of the acquisition date fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. While we use our best  estimates  and  assumptions  to  accurately  value  assets  acquired  and  liabilities  assumed  at  the  acquisition  date  as  well  as  any  contingent consideration, where applicable, our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. As a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the values of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are required to be recorded to our consolidated statements of operations.

Accounting for business combinations requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially at the acquisition date, including estimates  for  intangible  assets,  contractual  obligations  assumed,  pre-acquisition  contingencies  and  any  contingent  consideration,  where  applicable. Although we believe that the assumptions and estimates we have made in the past have been reasonable and appropriate, they are based in part on historical experience and information obtained from management of the acquired company and are inherently uncertain.

We generally use the income approach to derive the fair value of the above identified intangible assets when accounting for business combinations. This approach calculates fair value by estimating future cash flows attributable to the assets and then discounting these cash flows to a present value using a risk-adjusted discount rate. We selected this method because we believe the income approach most appropriately measures the value of our income producing assets. This approach requires significant management judgment with respect to future volume, revenue and expense growth rates, changes in  working  capital  use,  appropriate  discount  rates,  terminal  values  and  other  assumptions  and  estimates.  The  estimates  and  assumptions  used  are consistent with our business plans. The use of alternative estimates and assumptions could increase or decrease the estimated fair value of the asset. Actual results may differ from management's estimates.

We record contingent consideration resulting from a business combination at its fair value on the acquisition date. On a quarterly basis, we revalue this obligation and record any increase or decrease in fair value as an adjustment to the consolidated statement of operations. Changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration obligation may result from changes to the discount rate, the passage of time, or changes in our estimate of the likelihood or timing of achieving the criteria for payment of the contingent consideration. Significant judgment is employed in determining the appropriateness of these assumptions as of the acquisition date and for each subsequent reporting period. Accordingly, changes in the assumptions described above could have a material impact on the amount of income or expense we record for contingent consideration in any given period.

## Recent Accounting Pronouncements

Refer  to  Note  2,  ''Summary  of  Significant  Accounting  Policies,''  in  the  accompanying  notes  to  our  consolidated  financial  statements  included  in  this Annual Report for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements.

## JOBS Act Accounting Election

Previously,  we  were  an  emerging  growth  company within the meaning of the JOBS Act. Section 107(b) of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can leverage the extended transition period, provided in Section 102(b) of the JOBS Act, for complying with new or revised accounting standards. However, because the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded $700.0 million as of June 30, 2021, we are no longer  an  emerging  growth  company  effective  December  31,  2021.  As  a  result,  we  now  apply  public  company  adoption  dates  for  new  or  revised accounting standards. Further, we were required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of Sarbanes-Oxley regarding our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021.

## ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Not applicable.

## ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

| Pages  Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP; San Diego, California; PCAOB ID#243)  72  Consolidated Balance Sheets  74  Consolidated Statements of Operations  75  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss  76  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity  77  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  78  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  80   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Stockholders and Board of Directors Bionano Genomics, Inc.

San Diego, California

## Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Bionano Genomics, Inc. (the 'Company') as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the 'consolidated financial statements'). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ('PCAOB'), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ('COSO') and our report dated March 1, 2022 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

## Change in Accounting Principle

As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for leases in 2021 due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 842, Leases.

## Basis for Opinion

These  consolidated  financial  statements  are  the  responsibility  of  the  Company's  management.  Our  responsibility  is  to  express  an  opinion  on  the Company's  consolidated  financial  statements  based  on  our  audit.  We  are  a  public  accounting  firm  registered  with  the  Public  Company  Accounting Oversight  Board  (United  States)  ('PCAOB')  and  are  required  to  be  independent  with  respect  to  the  Company  in  accordance  with  the  U.S.  federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted  our  audits  in  accordance  with  the  standards  of  the  PCAOB.  Those  standards  require  that  we  plan  and  perform  the  audit  to  obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Critical Audit Matter

The  critical  audit  matter  communicated  below  is  a  matter  arising  from  the  current  period  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  that  was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

## Acquisition of BioDiscovery, LLC.

As described in Note 14 to the Company's consolidated financial statements, the Company acquired 100% of BioDiscovery, LLC. for a purchase price of $74.8  million.  As  a  result  of  the  acquisition,  management  was  required  to  determine  estimated  fair  values  of  the  assets  acquired,  including  certain identifiable intangible assets, and liabilities assumed.

We identified the determination of fair values of the identifiable intangible assets as a critical audit matter. Management applied significant judgment in determining the unobservable inputs including revenue and expense forecasts and discount rates utilized. Auditing these elements involved especially challenging auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit effort required to address these matters, including the extent of specialized skill or knowledge needed.

## Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included:

- Assessing the reasonableness of the revenue and expense forecasts through: (i) evaluating historical performance of the target entity, and (ii) assessing financial projections against industry metrics and peer-group companies.
- Testing  samples  of  opening  balance  sheet  amounts  by  tracing  to  supporting  documentation,  including  evaluating  that  the  transactions  were recorded in the appropriate period.
- Utilizing  personnel  with  specialized  knowledge  and  skill  in  valuation  to  assist  in:  (i)  assessing  the  reasonableness  of  the  discount  rates incorporated  into  the  various  valuation  models,  and  (ii)  performing  independent  estimates  to  evaluate  the  potential  effect  of  changes  in  the significant assumptions.

## /s/ BDO USA, LLP

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2020.

San Diego, CA

March 1, 2022

## BIONANO GENOMICS, INC. Consolidated Balance Sheets

| December 31,  2021  2020  Assets  Current assets:  Cash and cash equivalents  $  24,571,000  $  38,449,000  Investments  226,041,000  -  Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $ 690,000 and $2,119,000 as of December 31,  2021 and 2020, respectively  4,934,000  2,775,000  Inventory  12,387,000  3,315,000  Prepaid expenses and other current assets  4,481,000  2,250,000  Total current assets  272,414,000  46,789,000  Property and equipment, net  10,318,000  4,910,000  Operating lease right-of-use assets  6,691,000  -  Finance lease right-of-use assets, related party  3,926,000  -  Intangible assets, net  26,842,000  1,475,000  Goodwill  56,160,000  7,173,000  Other long-term assets  749,000  103,000  Total assets  $  377,100,000  $  60,450,000  Liabilities and stockholders' equity  Current liabilities:  Accounts payable  $  9,696,000  $  2,930,000  Accrued expenses  9,694,000  5,599,000  Contract liabilities  684,000  416,000  Operating lease liability  1,467,000  -  Finance lease liability, related party  299,000  -  Total current liabilities  21,840,000  8,945,000  Operating lease liability, net of current portion  5,288,000  -  Finance lease liability, net of current portion, related party  3,642,000  -  Contingent consideration  9,066,000  -  Long-term debt, net of current portion  -  16,325,000  Long-term contract liabilities  146,000  98,000  Total liabilities  $  39,982,000  $  25,368,000  Commitments and contingencies (Note 11)  Stockholders' equity:  Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized and no shares issued or outstanding as of  December 31, 2021 and 2020  -  -  Common stock, $0.0001 par value, 400,000,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2021 and 2020;  289,602,000 and 189,953,000 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively  29,000  19,000  Additional paid-in capital  553,747,000  178,747,000  Accumulated deficit  (216,119,000)  (143,684,000)  Accumulated other comprehensive loss  (539,000)  -  Total stockholders' equity  337,118,000  35,082,000  Total liabilities and stockholders' equity  $  377,100,000  $  60,450,000   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

## BIONANO GENOMICS, INC. Consolidated Statements of Operations

| Years Ended December 31,  2021  2020  Revenue:  Product revenue  $  11,695,000  $  6,230,000  Service and other revenue  6,286,000  2,273,000  Total revenue  17,981,000  8,503,000  Cost of revenue:  Cost of product revenue  10,524,000  4,810,000  Cost of service and other revenue  3,583,000  920,000  Total cost of revenue  14,107,000  5,730,000  Operating expenses:  Research and development  22,485,000  10,256,000  Selling, general and administrative  58,490,000  31,068,000  Total operating expenses  80,975,000  41,324,000  Loss from operations  (77,101,000)  (38,551,000)  Other expenses  Interest income  236,000  -  Interest expense  (927,000)  (2,519,000)  Gain on forgiveness of Paycheck Protection Program Loan  1,775,000  -  Loss on debt extinguishment  (2,076,000)  -  Other income (expenses)  (59,000)  (7,000)  Total other income (expense)  (1,051,000)  (2,526,000)  Loss before income taxes  (78,152,000)  (41,077,000)  Benefit (provision) for income taxes  5,717,000  (29,000)  Net loss  $  (72,435,000)  $  (41,106,000)  Net loss per share, basic and diluted  $  (0.26)  $  (0.39)  Weighted-average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted  276,782,000  104,251,000   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

## BIONANO GENOMICS, INC. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss

| Years Ended December 31,  2021  2020  Net Loss:  $  (72,435,000)  $  (41,106,000)  Unrealized (loss) on investment securities  (539,000)  -  Comprehensive Loss  $  (72,974,000)  $  (41,106,000)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

## BIONANO GENOMICS, INC.

## Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Deficit)

| Additional  Paid-in  Capital  Accumulated  Deficit  Accumulated Other  Comprehensive  Loss  Total  Stockholders'  Equity  Common Stock  Shares  Amount  Balance at January 1, 2020  34,274,000  $  3,000  $  106,188,000  $  (102,578,000)  $  -  $  3,613,000  Stock option exercises  1,000  -  1,000  -  -  1,000  Stock-based compensation expense  -  -  1,554,000  -  -  1,554,000  Issue common stock, net of issuance  costs  43,921,000  5,000  37,930,000  -  -  37,935,000  Issue stock for employee stock purchase  plan  88,000  -  40,000  -  -  40,000  Issue stock for covenant waiver  873,000  -  300,000  -  -  300,000  Issue stock for warrant exercises  104,628,000  10,000  28,635,000  -  -  28,645,000  Issue stock for acquisition  6,168,000  1,000  4,099,000  -  -  4,100,000  Net loss  -  -  -  (41,106,000)  -  (41,106,000)  Balance at December 31, 2020  189,953,000  $  19,000  $  178,747,000  $  (143,684,000)  $  -  $  35,082,000  Stock option exercises  479,000  -  602,000  -  -  602,000  Stock-based compensation expense  -  -  9,719,000  -  -  9,719,000  Issue common stock, net of issuance  costs  80,178,000  8,000  341,015,000  -  -  341,023,000  Issue stock for warrant exercises  10,794,000  1,000  9,417,000  -  -  9,418,000  Issue stock for employee stock purchase  plan  300,000  -  89,000  -  -  89,000  Issuance of common stock due to the  vesting of restricted stock units, net of  shares withheld to cover taxes  169,000  -  -  -  -  -  Issue stock for acquisition  7,729,000  1,000  14,158,000  -  -  14,159,000  Net loss  -  -  -  (72,435,000)  -  (72,435,000)  Other comprehensive loss  -  -  -  -  (539,000)  (539,000)  Balance at December 31, 2021  289,602,000  $  29,000  $  553,747,000  $  (216,119,000)  $  (539,000)  $  337,118,000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

## BIONANO GENOMICS, INC Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

| Years Ended December 31,  2021  2020  Operating activities:  Net loss  $  (72,435,000)  $  (41,106,000)  Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:  Depreciation and amortization expense  3,351,000  1,479,000  Amortization of financing lease right-of-use asset  19,000  -  Amortization of interest on securities  329,000  -  Non-cash interest expense  205,000  1,264,000  Non-cash lease expense  671,000  -  Settlement of interest on debt  (1,235,000)  -  Benefit from deferred income taxes  (5,777,000)  -  Stock-based compensation  9,719,000  1,554,000  Provision for bad debt expense  -  1,809,000  Gain on forgiveness of PPP Loan  (1,775,000)  -  Inventory impairment  -  126,000  Loss on debt extinguishment  1,480,000  -  Cost of leased equipment sold to customer  568,000  -  Client warranty exchange of fixed asset  539,000  -  Change in fair value of contingent consideration  66,000  -  Changes in operating assets and liabilities (net of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in acquisition)  Accounts receivable  (493,000)  2,087,000  Inventory  (15,928,000)  (4,201,000)  Prepaid expenses and other current assets  (1,971,000)  (999,000)  Accounts payable  6,781,000  (1,810,000)  Accrued expenses and contract liabilities  3,959,000  1,483,000  Net cash used in operating activities  (71,927,000)  (38,314,000)  Investing activities:  Lineagen acquisition, net of cash acquired  -  (2,450,000)  BioDiscovery acquisition, net of cash acquired  (49,086,000)  -  Purchases of property and equipment  (822,000)  -  Construction in process  (638,000)  -  Payment of initial direct costs on lease  (607,000)  -  Purchase of available for sale securities  (313,392,000)  -  Sale and maturities of available for sale securities  86,483,000  -  Net cash used in investing activities  (278,062,000)  (2,450,000)  Financing activities:  Repayment of term-loan debt  (15,000,000)  (5,000,000)  Principal payments of financing lease liability  (5,000)  -  Proceeds from PPP Loan  -  1,774,000  Proceeds from borrowing from line of credit  -  761,000  Repayments of borrowing from line of credit  -  (2,258,000)  Proceeds from sale of common stock  342,711,000  39,934,000  Offering expenses on sale of common stock  (1,704,000)  (2,000,000)  Proceeds from sale of common stock under employee stock purchase plan  89,000  40,000  Proceeds from warrant and option exercises  10,020,000  28,651,000  Net cash provided by financing activities  336,111,000  61,902,000  Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents  (13,878,000)  21,138,000  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period  38,449,000  17,311,000  Cash and cash equivalents at end of period  $  24,571,000  $  38,449,000   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Years Ended December 31,  2021  2020  Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information  Cash paid for interest  $  1,910,000  $  1,252,000  Cash paid for operating lease liabilities  $  447,000  $  -  Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing and investing activity  Fair value of common stock issued related to Lineagen acquisition  $  -  $  4,100,000  Fair value of common stock issued related to BioDiscovery acquisition  $  14,159,000  $  -  Contingent consideration related to BioDiscovery acquisition  $  9,000,000  $  -  Operating lease liabilities resulting from obtaining and modifying right-of-use assets  $  4,751,000  $  -  Transfer of instruments and servers from inventory into property and equipment, net  $  6,857,000  $  4,224,000  Forgiveness of PPP Loan  $  1,775,000  $  -  Stock issued for services  $  15,000  $  -  Issue stock for covenant waiver  $  -  $  300,000  Warrant exercise pursuant to cashless exercise  $  129,000  $  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

## 1. Organization and Operations

## Description of Business

Bionano  Genomics,  Inc.  (collectively,  with  its  consolidated  subsidiaries,  the  'Company')  is  a  provider  of  genome  analysis  solutions  that  can  enable researchers and clinicians to reveal answers to challenging questions in biology and medicine. The Company's mission is to transform the way the world sees  the  genome  through  optical  genome  mapping  ('OGM')  solutions,  diagnostic  services  and  software.  The  Company  offers  OGM  solutions  for applications across basic, translational and clinical research. Through its Lineagen, Inc. ('Lineagen') business, the Company also provides diagnostic testing  for  patients  with  clinical  presentations  consistent  with  autism  spectrum  disorder  and  other  neurodevelopmental  disabilities.  Through  its BioDiscovery, LLC. ('BioDiscovery') business, the Company also offers an industry-leading, platform-agnostic software solution, which integrates nextgeneration  sequencing  and  microarray  data  designed  to  provide  analysis,  visualization,  interpretation  and  reporting  of  copy  number  variants,  singlenucleotide variants and absence of heterozygosity across the genome in one consolidated view.

## Liquidity

As of December 31, 2021, the Company had approximately $ 24.6 million in cash and cash equivalents, $226.0 million in short term investments, and working  capital  of  $250.6  million  as  a  result  of  common  stock  offerings  executed  in  the  quarters  ended  December  31,  2020,  March  31,  2021,  and September 30, 2021. In February 2021, we applied for forgiveness of our PPP Loan of approximately $1.8 million, and in March 2021, the PPP Loan, including all accrued interest, was forgiven in full. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the outstanding term loan under the Innovatus LSA was paid in full, including all accrued interest, an end of term fee, and a prepayment fee for a total of $17.0 million.

The Company believes its available  cash,  cash  equivalents  and  available-for-sale  securities  will  be  sufficient  to  fund  operations,  obligations  as  they become  due  and  capital  investments  for  at  least  the  next  twelve  months.  However,  the  Company  expects  to  continue  to  incur  net  losses  for  the foreseeable  future.  The  Company  plans  to  continue  to  fund  its  losses  from  operations  and  capital  funding  needs  through  a  combination  of  equity offerings, debt financings or other sources, including potential collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements. If the Company is not able to secure adequate additional funding, the Company may be forced to make reductions in spending, potentially harming the Company's business.

## COVID-19

The Company is subject to additional risks and uncertainties as a result of the continued spread of COVID-19 and uncertain market conditions, which could continue to have a material impact on the Company's business and financial results. The Company closely monitors and complies with various applicable guidelines and legal requirements in the jurisdictions in which it operates, which may continue to result in reduced business operations in response to new or existing stay-at-home orders, travel restrictions and other social distancing measures. If restrictions related to COVID-19 persist, the Company could see supply chain disruptions that impact its ability to produce its products and may cause the Company to make strategic determinations regarding, among other things, the cost and quality of the components and supplies it acquires. The Company's manufacturing partners, suppliers, and customers, have implemented similar operational reductions. Despite reporting an increase in revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021 when compared to the same period in 2020, the Company believes travel restrictions and overall reduced activity had a continued negative impact on the Company's financial results. Given the continued evolution of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related complexities and uncertainties associated with the additional variants, the future effects of COVID-19 are unknown and the Company's financial results may continue to be negatively affected in the future.

There may be long-term negative effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, even after it has subsided. Specifically, product demand may be reduced due to an economic recession, a decrease in corporate capital expenditures, prolonged unemployment, reduction in consumer confidence, or any similar negative economic condition. These negative effects could have a material impact on the Company's operations, business, earnings, and liquidity.

## 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

## Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("U.S. GAAP") requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant estimates and assumptions used by management include estimates of selling prices for multiple performance obligation arrangements, expected future cash flows including growth rates, discount rates, terminal values and other assumptions and estimates used in purchase accounting and to evaluate the recoverability of long-

## BIONANO GENOMICS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

lived assets and goodwill, warranty reserves, certain accrued expenses, contingent liabilities, tax reserves, deferred tax rates and recoverability of the Company's net deferred tax assets, stock-based compensation expense, and related valuation allowances. Although the Company regularly assesses these  estimates,  actual  results  could  differ  materially  from  these  estimates.  Changes  in  estimates  are  recorded  in  the  period  in  which  they  become known.  The  Company  bases  its  estimates  on  historical  experience  and  various  other  assumptions  that  it  believes  to  be  reasonable  under  the circumstances.

## Basis of Presentation

The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and include the accounts of the Company's 100%-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.

## Business Combinations

In  August 2020, Alta Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company ('Lineagen Merger Sub'), Lineagen, a Delaware corporation, and Michael S. Paul, Ph.D., solely in his capacity as exclusive agent and attorney-in-fact of the securityholders of Lineagen, entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the 'Lineagen Merger Agreement'). Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Lineagen Merger Agreement, Lineagen Merger Sub merged with and into Lineagen (the 'Lineagen Merger') whereupon the separate corporate existence of Lineagen Merger Sub ceased, with Lineagen continuing as the surviving corporation of the Lineagen Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.

In October 2021, Starship Merger Sub I, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company ('BioDiscovery Merger Sub I'), Starship Merger Sub II, LLC, a California  limited  liability  company  ('BioDiscovery  Merger  Sub  II'),  BioDiscovery,  Inc.,  a  California  corporation  ('Former  BioDiscovery'),  and  Soheil Shams,  solely  in  his  capacity  as  the  securityholders'  representative,  entered  into  an  Agreement  and  Plan  of  Merger  (the  'BioDiscovery  Merger Agreement'), pursuant to which the Company agreed to acquire Former BioDiscovery. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the BioDiscovery Merger Agreement,  BioDiscovery  Merger  Sub  I  merged  with  and  into  Former  BioDiscovery  ('BioDiscovery  Merger  I'),  whereupon  the  separate  corporate existence of BioDiscovery Merger Sub I ceased, with Former BioDiscovery continuing as the surviving corporation of BioDiscovery Merger I and a wholly owned  subsidiary  of  the  Company.  Immediately  after  BioDiscovery  Merger  I,  pursuant  to  the  terms  and  conditions  of  the  BioDiscovery  Merger Agreement,  Former  BioDiscovery  merged  with  and  into  BioDiscovery  Merger  Sub  II  ('BioDiscovery  Merger  II'),  whereupon  the  separate  corporate existence of Former BioDiscovery ceased, with BioDiscovery Merger Sub II continuing as the surviving company of BioDiscovery Merger II and a wholly owned  subsidiary  of  the  Company. Concurrent  with  BioDiscovery  Merger  II,  BioDiscovery  Merger  Sub  II  changed  its  name  to  that  of  our  current subsidiary, BioDiscovery, LLC.

The Company accounted for its acquisitions of Lineagen and BioDiscovery using the acquisition method of accounting pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification  Topic  805,  Business  Combinations  ("ASC  805").  Under  ASC  805,  the  tangible  and  identifiable  intangible  assets  acquired  and  liabilities assumed in a business combination are recorded based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. Any excess purchase price over the estimated fair value assigned to the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded to goodwill.

The Company estimated the fair value of identifiable intangible assets acquired with the assistance of independent valuations that use information and assumptions provided by the Company's management.

Under ASC 805, acquisition-related transaction costs (such as advisory, legal, valuation, other professional fees) are expensed in the statements of operations in the periods incurred.

## Cash and Cash Equivalents

The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents primarily represent funds invested in readily available money market accounts. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. The Company believes that it is not exposed to any significant credit risk on cash and cash equivalents.

## Fair Value Measurements

The Company measures certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis. Fair value is the price the Company would receive to sell an asset or pay to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction with a market participant at the measurement date.

ASC 820, 'Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures', defines and establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. In accordance with ASC 820, the Company has categorized its financial assets and liabilities, based on the priority of the inputs to the valuation technique, into a three-level fair value hierarchy as set forth below.

Level 1 - Assets and liabilities whose values are based on unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in an active market that the company has the ability to access at the measurement date.

Level 2 - Assets and liabilities whose values are based on quoted prices for similar attributes in active markets; quoted prices in markets where trading occurs infrequently; and inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset or liability.

Level 3 -  Assets and liabilities whose values are based on prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement.

If the inputs used to measure the financial instruments fall within different levels of the hierarchy, the categorization is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of the instrument.

## Investment Securities

All investments have been classified as 'available-for-sale' and are carried at fair value as determined based upon quoted market prices or pricing models for  similar  securities  at  period  end.  Investments with contractual maturities less than 12 months at the balance sheet date are considered short-term investments.  Investments  with  contractual  maturities  beyond  one  year  are  also  classified  as  short-term  due  to  the  Company's  ability  to  liquidate  the investment for use in operations within the next 12 months. Realized gains and losses on investment securities are included in earnings and are derived using the specific identification method for determining the cost of securities sold. The Company has not realized any significant gains or losses on sales of  available-for-sale  investment  securities  during  any  of  the  periods  presented.  As  all  the  Company's  investment  holdings  are  in  the  form  of  debt securities, unrealized gains and losses that are determined to be temporary in nature are reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income  (loss).  A  decline  in  the  fair  value  of  any  security  below  cost  that  is  deemed  other  than  temporary  results  in  a  charge  to  earnings  and  the establishment  of  a  new  cost  basis  for  the  security.  Interest  income  is  recognized  when  earned,  as  are  the  amortization  of  purchase  premiums  and accretion of purchase discounts on investment securities.

## Concentrations

## Credit Risks

Financial instruments, which potentially subject the Company to significant concentration of credit risk, consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable. The Company maintains deposits in federally insured major financial institutions in excess of federally insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and management believes that the Company is not exposed to significant credit risk due to the financial position of the depository institution in which those deposits are held.

The Company's customers are located throughout the world. The Company generally does not require collateral from its customers. More information on accounts receivable is contained in the paragraph titled 'Accounts Receivable' below.

## Sources of Materials and Products

The materials and components for the Company's product offerings are currently obtained from single or limited sources. The Company competes with other companies for production capacity, therefore, the Company is exposed to a risk of inventory being unavailable at acceptable prices, or at all, if suppliers are unable (or decide) to provide sufficient levels of materials and components and the Company is unable to identify alternative suppliers.

## Accounts Receivable

| December 31,  2021  December 31,  2020  Accounts receivable, net:  Accounts receivable, trade  $  5,624,000  $  4,894,000  Less allowance for doubtful accounts  (690,000)  (2,119,000)  $  4,934,000  $  2,775,000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Company  extends  credit  to  its  customers  in  the  normal  course  of  business.  For  diagnostic  testing  services,  receivables  are  based  on  either contractual  rates  with  third-party  payors,  plus  the  amounts  expected  to  be  collected  for  any  patient-responsibility  portion,  or  for  non-contracted arrangements, using the amounts expected to be collected from third-party payors and/or the patient-customer based on historical collection experience. The  Company  does  not  perform  credit  evaluations  and  therefore  subsequent  adjustments  to  the  amount  expected  to  be  collected  are  recorded  to revenue.

For 'OGM' products and services, credit is extended based upon an evaluation of each customer's credit history, financial condition, and other factors. Estimates of allowances for doubtful accounts are determined by evaluating individual customer circumstances, historical payment patterns, length of time past due, and economic and other factors. Bad debt expense is recorded as necessary to maintain an appropriate level of allowance for doubtful accounts in selling, general and administrative expense. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a recovery of bad debt expense of $108,000, which

is included in selling, general and administrative expenses. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded bad debt expense of $ 1.8 million which was included in selling, general and administrative expenses. Amounts are charged to the allowance for doubtful accounts when collection efforts have been exhausted and are deemed uncollectible.

Accounts receivable is subject to concentration risk whenever a customer has a balance that meets or exceeds 10.0% of the Company's total accounts receivable  balance.  As  of  December  31,  2021,  no  customers  met  or  exceeded  10%  of  the  Company's  total  accounts  receivable  balance.  As  of December 31, 2020, two customer balances represented 27.4% of the Company's total accounts receivable balance.

## Inventory

Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, on a first-in, first-out basis. Inventory includes raw materials and finished goods that may be used in the research and development process and such items are expensed as consumed or expired. Provisions for slow-moving, excess, and obsolete inventories are estimated based on product life cycles, historical experience, and usage forecasts.

The components of inventories, net of reserve, are as follows:

| December 31,  2021  2020  Raw materials  $  745,000  $  2,282,000  Finished goods  11,642,000  1,033,000  $  12,387,000  $  3,315,000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Long-Lived Assets (including Finite-Lived Intangible Assets)

Long-lived assets consist of property and equipment and acquired finite-lived intangible assets. The Company records property and equipment at cost, and records  acquired  finite-lived  intangible  assets  based  on  their  fair  values  at  the  date  of  acquisition.  Property  and  equipment  generally  consist  of laboratory equipment, computer and office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and leasehold improvements. Property and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated or amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets (generally three to five years, or the remaining term of the lease for leasehold improvements, whichever is shorter). Repairs and maintenance costs are charged to expense as incurred.

Intangible  assets  acquired  in  a  business  combination  are  recognized  separately  from  goodwill  and  are  initially  recognized  at  their  fair  value  at  the acquisition date. Intangible assets are amortized over the estimated useful life of the asset on a basis that approximates the pattern of economic benefit. Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment if indicators of potential impairment exist. There was no indication of impairment of intangible assets for any of the periods presented.

As a result of the Lineagen and BioDiscovery acquisitions the Company recorded intangible assets, which consist of trade name intangibles, customer relationship intangibles, and a developed technology intangible, which are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of five years. Straight-line amortization was determined to be materially consistent with the pattern of expected use of the intangible assets.

If the Company identifies a change in the circumstances related to its long-lived assets, such as property and equipment and intangible assets (other than goodwill), that indicates the carrying value of any such asset may not be recoverable, the Company will perform an impairment analysis. A long-lived asset (other than goodwill) is not recoverable when the undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset (or asset group) are less than the asset's carrying amount. Any required impairment loss would be measured as the amount by which the asset's carrying value exceeds its fair value, and would be recorded as a reduction in the carrying value of the related asset and a charge to operating expense.

During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized  no impairment losses on long-lived assets. Substantially all of the Company's long-lived assets are located in the U.S.

## Contingent Consideration

We recorded contingent consideration resulting from a business combination at its fair value on the acquisition date. On a quarterly basis, we revalue this obligation and record any increase or decrease in fair value as an adjustment to the consolidated statement of operations. Changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration obligation may result from changes to the

discount  rate,  the  passage  of  time,  changes  in  our  estimate  of  the  likelihood,  or  timing  of  achieving  the  criteria  for  payment  of  the  contingent consideration.

## Goodwill

Goodwill  arises  when  the  purchase  price  of  an  acquired  business  exceeds  the  fair  value  of  the  identifiable  net  assets  acquired,  with  such  excess recorded as goodwill on the balance sheet. Goodwill is not subsequently amortized. Goodwill is reviewed for impairment annually (during the fourth quarter) or more frequently if indications of impairment exist. Goodwill is assigned to specific reporting units for purposes of impairment assessment. The Company has determined that it has a single operating segment and a single reporting unit.

In testing goodwill for impairment, the Company will first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If the qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, then the Company will perform a quantitative impairment analysis by comparing the fair value of the reporting unit to the carrying value of the reporting unit, including goodwill. An impairment charge for goodwill is recognized for the amount by which the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the total goodwill allocated to the reporting unit.

During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized  no impairment losses on goodwill.

## Leases

Beginning in 2021, the Company determines if an arrangement is, or contains, a lease at the inception of the arrangement. Right-of-use ('ROU') assets represent our right to use an underlying asset during the lease term, and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets, while finance leases are included in finance lease right-of-use assets and finance lease liabilities.

Lease  assets  and  liabilities  are  recognized  at  commencement  based  on  the  present  value  of  lease  payments  over  the  lease  term.  The  Company generally  uses  its  incremental  borrowing  rate  based  on  the  estimated  rate  of  interest  for  collateralized  borrowing  over  a  similar  term  of  the  lease payments. The ROU assets also include any prepaid or accrued lease payments and is adjusted for lease incentives and initial direct costs.

Lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease which are recognized when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option. Leases with terms of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease terms, or in some cases, the useful life of the underlying asset. Variable lease payments are excluded from the measurement of ROU assets and lease liabilities and are recognized in the period in which the obligation for those payments is incurred. The Company accounts for the lease and nonlease components as a single lease component for all classes of underlying assets.

## Deferred Rent

The Company's operating leases include incentives in the form of rent abatements and leasehold improvement allowances, as well as fixed annual rent escalations. The Company recognizes the aggregate rental expense, after considering incentives and stipulated rent escalations, on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Prior to January 1, 2021, the difference between rent expense and amounts paid under the lease was recorded as deferred rent in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

## Revenue Recognition

The  Company  generates  revenue  primarily  from  the  sale  of  products  and  services.  The  Company  considers  revenue  to  be  earned  when  all  of  the following criteria are met: the Company has a contract with a customer that creates enforceable rights and obligations; promised products or services are identified; the transaction price, or the amount the Company expects to receive, including an estimate of uncertain amounts subject to a constraint to ensure revenue is not recognized in an amount that would result in a significant reversal upon resolution of the uncertainty, is determinable; and the Company has transferred control of the promised items to the customer. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer, and is the unit of account in the contract. The transaction price for the contract is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for the goods and services expected to be transferred. A contract's transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, control of the distinct good or service is transferred.

The  Company  recognizes  a  receivable  when  we  have  an  unconditional  right  to  payment,  which  is  generally  at  the  time  of  delivery  of  software, consumables and instruments, including any extended warranties, or at the time services are rendered. Payment terms are typically 30 days for sales to customers in the United States but may be longer in international markets. The Company treats shipping and handling costs performed after a customer obtains control of the good as a fulfillment cost and records these costs within selling, general and administrative expenses, less any amounts reimbursed by the customer, when the corresponding revenue is recognized.

Revenue  is  recorded  net  of  discounts  and  sales  tax.  The  Company's  contracts  typically  do  not  provide  for  product  returns  or  refunds.  In  general, estimates of variable consideration and constraints are not material to the Company's financial statements. Employee sales commissions are recorded as selling, general and administrative expenses when incurred as the amortization period for such costs, if capitalized, would have been one year or less.

## Product revenue recognition

Product revenue consists of sales of our Saphyr system and related consumables. These products are sold primarily through a direct sales force, and within international markets, there is more reliance on distributors. In addition, the Company provides the Saphyr system to certain customers under its reagent rental program, under which the Company provides Saphyr systems to customers at no cost and the customers agree to purchase minimum quantities of consumables.

Transfer of control for the Company's products is generally at shipment or delivery, depending on contractual terms, but occurs when title and risk of loss transfers to the customer which represents the point in time when the customer obtains control of the product. As such the Company's performance obligation related to product sales is satisfied at a point in time.

For  transfers  of  instruments  and  consumables  to  customers  under  the  Company's  rental  reagent  program,  the  Company  allocates  the  total  contract consideration between the instrument and the consumables based on estimates of stand-alone selling prices, and recognizes the instrument revenue evenly over the rental period, and the consumables revenue when the consumables are delivered. Rental revenue related to the reagent rental program recognized over-time totaled $0.2 million and $0.1 million during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## Service and other revenue recognition

Service and other revenue primarily consist of revenue from diagnostic testing services, the sale of software, and license maintenance agreements, and support, repair and maintenance services and extended warranties on Saphyr systems.

Revenue from the completion of diagnostic testing services is initially recorded at the estimated consideration the Company expects to receive from contractual and non-contractual payors, and is subject to adjustment based on the amount actually collected. The Company performs its obligation under a contract with a customer by processing diagnostic tests and communicating the test results, which the Company has determined is the point at which control is transferred to the customer for revenue recognition purposes.

Revenue from the sale of software is recognized at the point-in-time the software license is transferred to the customer, or for hosting arrangements, on a usage  basis  as  the  customer  processes  the  number  of  genetic  samples  purchased  with  the  software.  Revenue  related  to  license  maintenance agreements is recognized over-time based on the contract term. Revenue recognized over-time related to license maintenance agreements totaled $ 0.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. There was no revenue recognized related to license maintenance agreements during the year ended December 31, 2020.

Revenue from support and maintenance contracts and extended warranties is recognized over time based on the contract term, which represents a faithful depiction of the transfer of goods and services given the stand-ready nature of the performance obligations. Service revenue related to repairs and customer  sample  evaluations  is  recognized  as  the  services  are  performed  based  on  the  specific  nature  of  the  service.  Warranty  and  maintenance revenue  recognized  over-time  totaled  $0.6  million  and  $0.5  million  during  the  years  ended  December  31,  2021  and  2020,  respectively,  which  was included in service and other revenue.

## Remaining Performance Obligations

As of December 31, 2021, the estimated revenue expected to be recognized in the future related to performance obligations that are unsatisfied was $ 0.8 million. These remaining performance obligations primarily relate to extended warranty and support and maintenance obligations, as well as obligations related to software under hosting arrangements. The Company expects to recognize approximately 82.4% of this amount as revenue in 2022,  13.8% in 2023, 2.3% in 2024 and 1.5% in 2025 and thereafter.

We periodically review the warranty reserve for adequacy and adjust the warranty accrual, if necessary, based on actual experience and estimated costs to be incurred. Warranty expense is recorded as a component of cost of product revenue. The Company's liability for product warranties provided under its agreements with customers was $0.2 million and $0.2 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Warranty expense recorded in cost of goods sold totaled $0.5 million and $0.4 million during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## Contract Assets and Liabilities

Contract  assets  primarily  relate  to  the  Company's  conditional  right  to  consideration  for  work  completed  but  not  billed  at  the  reporting  date.  Contract assets at the beginning and end of the period, as well as the changes in the balance, were immaterial.

Contract liabilities primarily relate to payments received from customers in advance of performance under the contract. The Company records a contract liability, or deferred revenue, when it has an obligation to provide service, and to a much lesser

extent  product,  to  the  customer  and  payment  is  received  or  due  in  advance  of  performance.  Deferred  revenue  primarily  relates  to  support  and maintenance contracts and extended warranty obligations. Contract liabilities are classified as other current liabilities and other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company recognized revenue of $0.4 million and $0.4 million during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which was included in the contract liability balance at the end of the previous year.

## Distributor Transactions

In certain markets, the Company sells products and provides services to customers through distributors that specialize in life sciences products. In cases where the product is delivered to a distributor, revenue recognition generally occurs when the distributors obtains control of the product. The terms of sales transactions through distributors are generally consistent with the terms of direct sales to customers and do not contain return rights. Distributor sales transactions typically differ from direct customer sales as they do not require the Company's services to install the instrument at the end customer or perform the services for the customer that are beyond the standard warranty in the first year following the sale. These transactions are accounted for in accordance with the Company's revenue recognition policy described herein.

## Cost of Revenue

Cost  of  revenue  for  products  consists  of  the  Company's  raw  material  parts  costs  and  associated  freight,  shipping  and  handling  costs,  contract manufacturing costs, royalties due to third parties, salaries and other personnel costs, equipment depreciation, overhead and other direct costs related to those sales recognized as product revenue in the period.

Cost of service and other revenue consists of salaries and other personnel costs, and facility costs associated with costs related to warranties and other costs of servicing equipment at customer sites, and performance of diagnostics services.

## Research and Development Costs

Costs incurred for research and product development, including acquired technology and costs incurred for technology in the development stage, are expensed as incurred.

## Patent Costs

Costs related to filing and pursuing patent applications are recorded as selling, general and administrative expense and expensed as incurred since recoverability of such expenditures is uncertain.

## Stock-based Compensation

The  Company  issues  stock-based  awards  as  compensation  to  employees  and  directors.  Stock-based  awards  may  include  stock  options,  stock appreciation rights, vesting stock awards and performance share awards. These awards are accounted for as equity awards. To-date, the Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense net of actual forfeitures on a straight-line  basis  over  the  underlying  award's  requisite  service  period, which is generally the vesting period, as measured using the award's grant date fair value.

## Income Taxes

The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined on the basis of the differences between the financial statements and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.

The Company recognizes deferred tax assets to the extent that the Company believes these assets are more likely than not to be realized. In making such  a  determination,  management  considers  all  available  positive  and  negative  evidence,  including  future  reversals  of  existing  taxable  temporary differences,  projected  future  taxable  income,  tax-planning  strategies,  and  results  of  recent  operations.  If  management  determines  that  the  Company would be able to realize its deferred tax assets in the future in excess of their recorded amount, management would make an adjustment to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance, which would reduce the provision for income taxes. Changes in the valuation allowance when they are recognized in the provision for income taxes may result in a change in the estimated annual effective tax rate.

The Company recognizes the impact of uncertain tax positions at the largest amount that is 'more likely than not' to be sustained upon audit by the relevant  taxing  authority.  An  uncertain  tax  position  will  not  be  recognized  if  it  does  not  have  a  greater  than  50%  likelihood  of  being  sustained.  The Company recognizes interest and penalties related  to  unrecognized  tax  benefits  within  income  tax  expense.  Any  accrued  interest  and  penalties  are included within the related tax liability.

## Segment Reporting

Operating segments are identified as components of an enterprise about which separate discrete financial information is available for evaluation by the chief operating decision-maker in making decisions regarding resource allocation and assessing performance. The Company chief operating decisionmaker, the Chief Executive Officer, views the Company's operations and manages its business as one operating segment.

## Net Loss Per Share

Basic net loss per share is calculated by dividing the net loss by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted net loss per share is computed by dividing the net loss by the weighted average number of common shares and common share equivalents outstanding for the period. Common share equivalents are only included when their effect is dilutive. Pre-funded warrants from the Company's follow-on offering have been treated as if they were common shares outstanding on the date of issuance. The Company's potentially dilutive securities which include outstanding warrants to purchase stock and outstanding stock options under the Company's equity incentive plans have been excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share as they would be anti-dilutive to the net loss per share. Restricted stock is treated as outstanding for accounting purposes. For all periods presented, there is no difference in the number of shares used to calculate basic and diluted shares outstanding due to the Company's net loss position.

Potentially  dilutive  securities  not  included  in  the  calculation  of  diluted  net  loss  per  share  because  to  do  so  would  be  anti-dilutive  were  as  follows  (in common stock equivalent shares):

| Years Ended December 31,  2021  2020  Common stock options  12,765,000  5,290,000  Common warrants  4,356,000  15,174,000  Unvested restricted stock  5,006,000  -  RSUs  361,000  -  PSUs  290,000  -  Total  22,778,000  20,464,000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Recently Issued But Not Yet Adopted Accounting Pronouncements

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses: Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments (ASU 2016-13), which amends the impairment model by requiring entities to use a forward looking approach based on expected losses to estimate credit losses  on  certain  types  of  financial  instruments,  including  trade  receivables  and  available-for-sale  debt  securities.  The  standard  is  effective  for  the company beginning in the first quarter of 2023, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the expected impact of ASU 2016-13 on its financial statements.

In May 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-04, Issuer's Accounting for Certain Modifications or Exchanges for Freestanding Equity-Classified Written Call Options to clarify the accounting for modifications or exchanges of equity-classified warrants. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is in the process of evaluating the expected impact of ASU 2021-04 on  its  financial statements.

## Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06, Debt - Debt with Conversion and other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity's Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity's Own Equity ("ASU 2020-06"), which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current U.S. GAAP. ASU 2020-06 removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exceptions and also simplifies the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. The standard is effective for public business entities, excluding entities eligible to be smaller reporting companies as  defined  by  the  SEC,  for  fiscal  years  and  interim  periods  within  those  fiscal  years  beginning  after  December  15,  2021.  For  all  other  entities,  the standard will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023. Early adoption is permitted, but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, and adoption must be as of the beginning of the Company's annual fiscal year. The Company's early adoption of this accounting standard on January 1, 2021, did not have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. In February 2016,  the  Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board  issued  Accounting  Standards  Update  2016-02,  'Leases  (Topic  842)'  ('ASC  842')  which  requires lessees to recognize leases on the balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. ASC 842 establishes a right-of-use model that requires a lessee to recognize a ROU asset and lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with a term longer than 12 months. ASC 842 also requires disclosures to meet the objective of enabling users of financial statements to assess the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The standard was adopted

on January 1, 2021, as the Company lost its status as an Emerging Growth Company effective December 31, 2021, and therefore was required to adopt the standard for the year ending December 31, 2021, using the modified retrospective method. Under this transition method, the Company recognized and measured leases that existed at the adoption date in the consolidated balance sheet as of January 1, 2021. In connection with the adoption of ASC 842, the Company elected the package of practical expedients requiring no reassessment of whether any expired or existing contracts contain leases, the lease classification of any expired or existing leases, or initial direct costs for any existing leases. The Company also made accounting policy elections not to apply the recognition requirements under ASC 842 to any short-term leases and to account for each separate lease and associated non-lease components as a single lease component for all the Company's leases.

Adoption of ASC 842 resulted in recognition of operating lease assets and liabilities of approximately $ 2.1 million and $2.1 million, respectively, as of January 1, 2021, related to the lease of office and laboratory space. The comparative prior period information continues to be reported under ASC 840. The adoption of this new accounting standard resulted in increased qualitative and quantitative disclosures regarding the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. For further details, see Note 11, Commitments and Contingencies. The adoption of the new standard did not materially impact the Company's consolidated results of operations or cash flows.

In  October  2021,  the  FASB  issued  ASU  2021-08,  Business  Combinations  (Topic  805):  Accounting  for  Contract  Assets  and  Contract  Liabilities  From Contracts With Customers. This ASU requires an acquirer to account for revenue contracts acquired in a business combination in accordance with ASC 606,  Revenue  from  Contracts  with  Customers,  as  if  it  had  originated  the  contracts.  Prior  to  ASU  2021-08,  an  acquirer  generally  recognized  assets acquired  and  liabilities  assumed  in  a  business  combination,  including  contract  assets  and  contract  liabilities  arising  from  revenue  contracts  with customers and other similar contracts, at fair value on the acquisition date. The guidance is effective for the Company for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years, and should be applied prospectively to business combinations occurring on or after the effective date. Early adoption is permitted. An entity that early adopts in an interim period should apply the amendments (1) retrospectively to all business combinations for which the acquisition date occurs on or after the beginning of the fiscal year that includes the interim period of early application and (2) prospectively to all business combinations that occur on or after the date of initial application. The Company adopted ASU 2021-08 on October 1, 2021, and applied the ASU prospectively to its acquisition that occurred in 2021.

## 3. Revenue from Contracts with Customers

Revenue by Source

| Years Ended December 31,  2021  2020  Instruments  $  5,887,000  $  3,085,000  Consumables  5,808,000  3,145,000  Total product revenue  11,695,000  6,230,000  Services and other  6,286,000  2,273,000  Total revenue  $  17,981,000  $  8,503,000   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Revenue by Geographic Location

| Years Ended December 31,  2021  2020  $  %  $  %  North America  $  9,329,000  52 %  $  4,489,000  53 %  EMEIA  5,604,000  31 %  3,163,000  37 %  Asia Pacific  3,048,000  17 %  851,000  10 %  Total  $  17,981,000  100 %  $  8,503,000  100 %   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The tables above provide revenue from contracts with customers by source and geographic location on a disaggregated basis. North America consists of the United States and Canada. EMEIA consists of Europe, the Middle East, India and Africa. Asia Pacific includes China, Japan, South Korea, Singapore and Australia. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, sales in the United States represented 46% and 42% of revenues, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2021, sales in China accounted for 11% of total revenue. No other countries represented greater than 10% of revenue during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.

## 4. Investments and Fair Value Measurements

The accounting guidance defines fair value, establishes a consistent framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosure for each major asset and liability category measured at fair value on either a recurring or nonrecurring basis. Fair value is defined as an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such, fair value is a marketbased measurement that should be determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. As a basis for considering such assumptions, the accounting guidance establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows:

Level 1: Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities.

Level  2: Quoted  prices  for  similar  assets  and  liabilities  in  active  markets,  quoted  prices  in  markets  that  are  not  active,  or  inputs  which  are observable, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset or liability.

Level  3: Prices  or  valuation  techniques  that  require  inputs  that  are  both  significant  to  the  fair  value  measurement  and  unobservable  (i.e. supported by little or no market activity).

Financial instruments that are not re-measured at fair value include cash equivalents, accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other current assets, accounts payable and accrued liabilities. The carrying value of the Company's long-term debt approximates its fair value due to the market rate of interest which was determined to be a Level 2 measurement. The carrying values of these financial instruments approximate their fair values.

The Company holds investment securities that consist of highly liquid, investment grade debt securities. The Company determines the fair value of its investment securities based upon one or more valuations reported by its investment accounting and reporting service provider. The investment service provider values the securities using a hierarchical security pricing model that relies primarily on valuations provided by an industry-recognized valuation service. Such valuations may be based on trade prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 inputs) or valuation models using inputs that are observable either directly or indirectly (Level 2 inputs), such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, yield curves, volatility factors, credit spreads, default rates, loss severity, current market and contractual prices for the underlying instruments or debt, and broker and dealer quotes, as well as other relevant economic measures.

The following  table  presents  the  Company's  financial  assets  and  liabilities  measured  at  fair  value  on  a  recurring  basis  in  the  Consolidated  Balance Sheets:

| December 31, 2021  Total Fair Value and  Carrying Value on  Balance Sheet  Fair Value Measurement Category  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Assets:  Commercial Paper  $  100,860,000  $  -  $  100,860,000  $  -  Corporate Notes/Bonds  125,181,000  -  125,181,000  -  Total Investments:  $  226,041,000  $  -  $  226,041,000  $  -  Money Market Funds  $  11,126,000  $  11,126,000  $  -  $  -  Liabilities:  Contingent consideration  $  9,066,000  $  -  $  -  $  9,066,000   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Money Market Funds are classified as cash equivalents on the balance sheet.

The fair value of the contingent consideration liability is reassessed on a quarterly basis using the income approach. Assumptions used to estimate the acquisition date fair value of the contingent consideration include the probability of achieving certain milestones and a discount rate of 3.2%. The fair value measurement of the contingent consideration is based on significant inputs not observed in the market (Level 3 inputs). Significant inputs used in the measurement include probabilities of achieving the remaining milestones, which depend on the milestone risk profile. The change in fair value of the contingent consideration during the year ended December 31, 2021 was due to the passage of time.

Changes in estimated fair value of contingent consideration liability in the year ended December 31, 2021 is as follows:

| Contingent  Consideration  Liability  (Level 3  Measurement)  Balance as of December 31, 2020  $  -  Liability recorded as a result of current period acquisition  9,000,000  Change in estimated fair value, recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses  66,000  Cash payments  -  Balance as of December 31, 2021  $  9,066,000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company did not hold any investments as of December 31, 2020. As of December 31, 2021, the Company held 57 securities in an unrealized loss position for a period of less than 12 months resulting in an unrealized loss of $0.5 million included in other comprehensive income during the year ended December 31, 2021. None of the Company's available-for-sale investment securities were in a material unrealized loss position at December 31, 2021. As such, the Company has not recognized any impairment in its financial statements related to its available-for-sale investment securities.

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company received proceeds of $ 86.5 million relating to sales and maturities of its available for sale securities, and recognized a loss of $8,000 in other income relating to the sale of these securities. Amounts are reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income into earnings using the specific identification method.

As of December 31, 2021, the following table summarizes the amortized cost and the unrealized gains (losses) of the available for sale securities:

| Commercial Paper  Corporate Notes/Bonds  Amortized Cost  Unrealized loss  Amortized Cost  Unrealized loss  Less than 1 year  $  100,929,000  $  (69,000)  $  41,173,000  $  (61,000)  Due after one year through five years  -  -  84,478,000  (409,000)  Total  $  100,929,000  $  (69,000)  $  125,651,000  $  (470,000)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Included in interest income for the year ended December 31, 2021 was interest income related to the Company's available for sale securities of $ 0.4 million. All interest income related to the available for sale securities in 2021 related to year ended December 31, 2021. All available-for-sale securities are classified as current assets, even if the maturity when acquired by the Company is greater than one year due to the ability to liquidate within the next 12 months.

## 5. Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets

Prepaid expenses and other current assets consist of the following:

| December 31,  2021  December 31,  2020  Prepayment to supplier  $  285,000  $  1,146,000  Prepaid insurance  1,461,000  642,000  Interest receivable  387,000  -  Other current assets  2,348,000  462,000  Total  $  4,481,000  $  2,250,000   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6. Property and Equipment, Net

Property and equipment, net consist of the following:

| December 31,  2021  December 31,  2020  Computer and office equipment  $  819,000  $  492,000  Lab equipment  9,341,000  6,718,000  Service equipment placed at customer sites  6,556,000  3,267,000  Leasehold improvements  2,674,000  1,889,000  19,390,000  12,366,000  Less accumulated depreciation and amortization  (9,072,000)  (7,456,000)  $  10,318,000  $  4,910,000   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded depreciation expense of $ 1.9 million and $1.4 million, respectively, which includes an allocation to cost of revenue of $0.9 million, $0.5 million, and $41,000 respectively.

## 7. Intangible Assets, Net

Intangible assets that are subject to amortization consisted of the following at December 31, 2021 and 2020:

| 2021  2020  Gross Carrying  Amount  Accumulated  Amortization  Net Carrying  Amount  Gross Carrying  Amount  Accumulated  Amortization  Net Carrying  Amount  Trade name  $  1,630,000  $  (210,000)  $  1,420,000  $  630,000  $  (42,000)  $  588,000  Customer relationships  3,950,000  (378,000)  3,572,000  950,000  (63,000)  887,000  Developed technology  22,800,000  (950,000)  21,850,000  -  -  -  Intangibles, net  $  28,380,000  $  (1,538,000)  $  26,842,000  $  1,580,000  $  (105,000)  $  1,475,000   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company recorded amortization expense for intangible assets of $ 1.4 million and $0.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 respectively, in selling, general and administrative expenses. The customer relationships and trade name intangibles from the Lineagen acquisition are both being amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of 5 years, and have remaining amortization periods of  3.6 years. The customer relationships, developed technology and trademark intangibles from the BioDiscovery acquisition are being amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of 5 years, and have remaining amortization periods of  4.8 years.

Future amortization expense of intangible assets is as follows:

| 2022  $  5,676,000  2023  5,676,000  2024  5,676,000  2025  5,571,000  2026  4,243,000  Total  $  26,842,000   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8. Accrued Expenses

Accrued expenses consist of the following:

| December 31,  2021  December 31,  2020  Compensation expenses  $  4,529,000  $  3,251,000  Goods received not invoiced  1,073,000  567,000  Taxes payable  677,000  562,000  Insurance  1,011,000  358,000  Professional fees and royalties  288,000  247,000  Warranty liabilities  175,000  113,000  Interest  -  98,000  Other  1,941,000  403,000  Total  $  9,694,000  $  5,599,000   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 9. Long-Term Debt

## Paycheck Protection Program

On April 17, 2020, the Company received the PPP Loan proceeds of approximately $ 1.8 million pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the 'CARES Act') administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration (the 'SBA').

The PPP Loan accrued interest at a rate of 1% per annum and was subject to the standard terms and conditions applicable to loans administered by the SBA under the CARES Act. In February 2021, the Company applied for forgiveness of the PPP Loan, and in March 2021, the PPP Loan, including all accrued interest, was forgiven in full. A gain on forgiveness of Paycheck Protection Program loan of $1.8 million was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021.

## Innovatus LSA

In March 2019, the Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (the 'LSA') by and among Innovatus Life Sciences Lending Fund I, LP, a Delaware  limited  partnership  ('Innovatus'),  as  collateral  agent  and  the  lenders  listed  on  Schedule  1.1  thereto,  including  East  West  Bank.  The  LSA provided a first term loan of $17.5 million, a second term loan of $ 2.5 million and a third term loan of $ 5.0 million (collectively, the 'Term Loans') if the Company satisfied certain funding conditions. Interest on the Term Loans is due on the first of each month at a rate of 10.25% per annum in cash or a discounted rate of 7.25% in cash with 3.0% of the 10.25% per annum rate added to the principal of the loan and subject to accruing interest through the end of the interest only payment period, which ends March 1, 2022. At inception, the Company elected to pay interest in cash at a rate of 7.25%  per annum and have 3.0% per annum of the interest added back to the outstanding principal. As of May 14, 2021 (the effective date of the loan payoff), the effective interest rate, including debt issuance costs, for the Term Loans was 16.7%.

The LSA provided for prepayment fees of  3.0% of the outstanding balance of the loan if the loan is repaid on or prior to March 14, 2020, 2.0% of the amount prepaid if the prepayment occurs after March 14, 2020 but prior to March 14, 2021, 1% of the amount prepaid after March 14, 2021 but prior to March 14, 2022 and 0% of the amount prepaid if the prepayment occurs thereafter. In addition, upon the final repayment of the total amounts borrowed, the Company is required to pay an end of term fee of $0.8 million. This end of term fee was being recognized as interest expense over the term of the LSA. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding term loan with Innovatus was paid in full, including all accrued interest, the end of term fee, and a prepayment fee for a total of $17.0 million. The Company recorded a loss on debt extinguishment of $ 2.1 million.

The LSA also provided for a revolving line of credit in an amount not to exceed $ 5.0 million (the 'Revolver'), which was terminated effectively upon payment in full of the above term loan.

The LSA was collateralized by substantially all of the Company's assets, including its intellectual property. The LSA required the Company to comply with various affirmative and negative covenants, including: (1) a liquidity covenant requiring the Company to maintain a minimum cash balance at all times in a collateral account and (2) a revenue covenant requiring the Company to meet certain minimum revenue targets measured at the end of each calendar quarter. The LSA also included certain standard events of default, and a provision that Innovatus could declare an event of default upon the occurrence of any  event  that  it  interprets  as  having  a  material  adverse  impact  to  the  Company's  business,  operations,  or  condition,  a  material  impairment  on  the Company's  ability  to  pay  the  secured  obligations  under  the  LSA,  or  upon  a  material  adverse  effect  on  the  collateral  under  the  agreement,  thereby requiring the Company to repay the loans immediately, together with a prepayment fee and other applicable fees.

In March 2019, in connection with the receipt of $ 20.0 million in proceeds from the Term Loans, the Company issued to Innovatus a warrant to purchase up to 0.2 million shares of its common stock at an exercise price of $ 4.63 per share, which has a term of  10 years. These warrants were equity classified and their respective fair value was recorded as a discount to the debt. The warrants were exercised during the year end December 31, 2021.

In June 2019, the LSA was amended to among other things: (i) extend the deadline for the Company to maintain its domestic depository and operating accounts  with  the  Bank,  subject  to  a  control  agreement  in  favor  of  Innovatus,  to  July  31,  2019  and  (ii)  permit  the  Company  to  incur  credit  card indebtedness  in  an  amount  not  to  exceed  $0.2  million.  As  of  September  30,  2019,  the  Company  did  not  achieve  the  revenue  covenant  under  the Innovatus LSA. As a result, in October 2019, the Company obtained a waiver letter from Innovatus. Pursuant to the waiver letter, Innovatus agreed to allow the Company to cure its noncompliance with the revenue covenant as of September 30, 2019 so long as the Company (i) raised at least $10 million in gross proceeds from the sale of its securities in an underwritten public offering by October 31, 2019 and (ii) amended the warrant to purchase stock, issued by the Company to Innovatus in March 2019 to decrease the exercise price of the warrant from $4.63 per share to $0.48 per share. Also pursuant to the waiver letter, as consideration for the prospective breach of a liquidity covenant, the Company agreed to issue to Innovatus 0.6 million shares of the Company's common stock. As a result of the amendment and shares issued, the Company recognized $0.6 million as a debt discount, which is being amortized as interest expense over the remaining term of the LSA.

As of December 31, 2019, the Company did not achieve certain financial covenants under the Innovatus LSA. As a result, in March 2020, the Company and Innovatus entered into an amendment to the Innovatus LSA (the 'Second Amendment') to, among other things: (i) waive the events of default from not achieving the specific financial covenants for the December 31, 2019 measurement date, (ii) require an immediate partial repayment of $2.1 million, (iii) require an additional partial repayment of $2.9 million on the earlier of completion of an Equity Event (as defined in the Second Amendment), or April 30, 2020, (iv) modify the liquidity covenant, such that the Company's minimum cash balance shall vary based on outstanding borrowing capacity under the Revolver (provided, however, that the Company shall maintain a minimum cash balance of $2 million at any given time), (v) reduce the dollar amount of certain minimum revenue covenants measured as of the end of each calendar quarter (each, a 'Revenue Covenant') and (vi) modify the terms of certain events of default. For example, the Second Amendment provides for a cure period in connection with the breach of certain minimum revenue financial covenants, as long as the Company submits an updated management plan and financial projections, which are subject to Innovatus approval, and completes a Qualified Financing Event (as defined in the Second Amendment) within 45 days of such breach.

In connection with the Second Amendment, the Company was obligated to pay Innovatus a waiver fee in the amount of $ 0.2 million and a prepayment fee of $0.1 million, payable in cash or in shares of the Company's common stock at the Company's election, no later than following completion of the Equity Event, as defined in the Second Amendment. As described in Note 10 below, the Company completed a follow-on public offering in April 2020 that constituted an Equity Event under the Second Amendment. A portion of the proceeds from the follow-on offering were used to pay-down $2.9 million of principal balance outstanding under the Term Loans in accordance with the Second Amendment. In addition, the Company issued 0.9 million shares of its common stock to Innovatus to satisfy the $0.2 million waiver fee and the $ 0.1 million prepayment fee due under the Second Amendment. As a result of the amendment and shares issued, the Company recognized $0.3 million as a debt discount, which is being amortized as interest expense over the remaining term of the LSA. Also pursuant to the Second Amendment, the Company subsequently registered such shares for resale on a registration statement on Form S-3 (the 'Registration Statement') filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 22, 2020 and declared effective on July 7, 2020. The Company has not and will not receive any of the proceeds from the offering described in the Registration Statement. In connection with the Merger, the Company and Lineagen entered into a Third Amendment (the 'Third Amendment') to the Innovatus LSA. Among other things, the Third Amendment adds Lineagen as a 'Borrower' under the Innovatus LSA and updates certain financial covenants in light of Lineagen becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.

On December 31, 2020, the Company obtained a waiver from Innovatus of its previously disclosed noncompliance, as of September 30, 2020, with the revenue covenant contained in the LSA.

As  of  December  31,  2020,  the  Company  was  in  compliance  with  the  covenants  under  the  Innovatus  LSA.  The  Innovatus  LSA  was  paid  in  full  and terminated in 2021.

## Summary of Debt Obligations

The Company had no debt as of December 31, 2021. The carrying value of the Company's debt as of December 31, 2020 was as follows:

| December 31,  2020  Term Loans  $  15,981,000  Revolver  -  PPP Loan  1,775,000  Total principal  17,756,000  Less: unamortized debt issuance costs  (1,430,000)  Total carrying value of debt  $  16,326,000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 10. Stockholders' Equity and Stock-Based Compensation

## Common Stock

The Company is currently authorized to issue up to  400 million shares of $0.0001 par value common stock. All issued shares of common stock are entitled to vote on a 1 share/1 vote basis.

## Preferred Stock

The Company is currently authorized to issue up to  10 million shares of $0.0001 par value preferred stock. No preferred stock has been issued to date.

## Sale of Common Stock

## Follow-on Public Offerings

In April 2020, the Company completed an underwritten public offering of  16.9 million shares of its common stock and, to certain investors, pre-funded warrants  to  purchase 37.7  million  shares  of  its  common  stock,  and  accompanying  common  warrants  to  purchase  up  to  an  aggregate  of  54.5 million shares of its common stock. Each share of common stock and pre-funded warrant to purchase one share of common stock was sold together with a  common  warrant  to  purchase one  share  of  common  stock.  The  public  offering  price  of  each  share  of  common  stock  and  accompanying  common warrant was $0.33 and $0.329 for each pre-funded warrant. The pre-funded warrants are immediately exercisable at a price of $ 0.001 per share of common stock. The common warrants are immediately exercisable at a price of $0.33 per share of common stock and will expire  five years from the date of  issuance.  The  shares  of  common  stock  and  pre-funded  warrants,  and  the  accompanying  common  warrants,  were  issued  separately  and  were immediately separable upon issuance. The gross proceeds to the Company, before deducting offering costs of $1.6 million, were $18.0 million.

On January 12, 2021, the Company completed an underwritten public offering of  33.4 million shares of common stock, including  4.4 million shares of common stock sold pursuant to the underwriters' exercise in full of their option to purchase additional shares. The price to the public in the offering was $3.05 per share and the underwriters purchased the shares from the Company pursuant to the underwriting agreement at a price of $ 2.867 per share. The gross proceeds were approximately $101.8 million before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses of $ 0.3 million.

On January 25, 2021, the Company completed an underwritten public offering of  38.3 million shares of common stock, including  5.0 million shares of common stock sold pursuant to the underwriters' exercise in full of their option to purchase additional shares. The price to the public in the offering was $6.00 per share and the underwriters purchased the shares from the Company pursuant to the underwriting agreement at a price of $ 5.64 per share. The gross proceeds to us were approximately $230.0 million before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses of $ 0.4 million.

## Shelf Registration Statements; Ladenburg and Cowen At-the-Market Facilities

In August 2020, the Company filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC covering the offering, issuance and sale of up to $ 125 million of the Company's securities, including up to $40 million of common stock pursuant to an At Market Issuance Sales Agreement, with Ladenburg Thalmann &amp; Co. Inc. acting as sales agent (the 'Ladenburg ATM'). During October through December 2020, the Company sold 27.0 million shares of common stock  under  the  Ladenburg  ATM  at  an  average  share  price  of  $0.82,  and  received  gross  proceeds  of  approximately  $ 22.1  million  before  deducting offering costs of $0.6 million. In January 2021, the Company sold an additional  6.3 million shares of common stock under the ATM at an average share price of $2.68, and received gross proceeds of approximately $ 16.9 million before deducting offering costs of $ 0.4 million. The Company terminated the Ladenburg ATM in March 2021.

On January 19, 2021, the Company filed an automatically effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC as a 'well-known seasoned issuer,' allowing for the Company to issue an indeterminate number or amount of its securities from time to time in one or more offerings. On March 23, 2021, the Company entered into a Sales Agreement with Cowen and Company, LLC ('Cowen') which provides for the sale, in the Company's sole discretion, of shares of common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $350.0 million through or to Cowen, acting as sales agent or principal (the 'Cowen ATM'). The  Company  agreed  to  pay  Cowen  a  commission  of  up  to  3.0%  of  the  aggregate  gross  proceeds  from  each  sale  of  shares, reimburse legal fees and disbursements and provide Cowen with customary indemnification and contribution rights. In August and September 2021, the Company sold 2.3 million shares of common stock under the Cowen ATM at an average share price of $ 6.15 per share, and received gross proceeds of approximately $13.9 million before deducting offering costs of $0.6 million.

## Stock Warrants

A summary of the Company's warrant activity for the year ended December 31, 2021 was as follows:

| Shares of Stock under  Warrants  Weighted-  Average  Exercise  Price  Weighted-  Average  Remaining  Contractual  Term  Aggregate  Intrinsic  Value  Outstanding at January 1, 2020  24,406,000  $  1.76  4.82  $  7,933,000  Granted  95,396,000  0.22  4.28  -  Exercised  (104,628,000)  0.28  -  56,780,000  Canceled  -  59.90  -  -  Outstanding at December 31, 2020  15,174,000  $  2.34  3.76  $  26,841,000  Granted  -  -  -  -  Exercised  (10,794,000)  0.88  58,191,000  Canceled  (24,000)  3.29  -  -  Outstanding at December 31, 2021  4,356,000  $  5.96  1.76  $  785,000   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In March 2020, the Company entered into a Warrants Amendment and Agreement with certain holders of warrants that were exercisable for 3.2 million shares of common stock. The agreement reduced the exercise price of existing warrants from $0.86 per share to $0.75 per share, which were exercised following the amendment, in addition to issuing 3.2 million new warrants at an exercise price per share of $ 1.06 that were exercised in the year ended December 31, 2021.

## 2018 Equity Incentive Plan

In  August 2018, the Company's board of directors (the 'Board') and its stockholders adopted the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the '2018 Plan'), as a successor to and continuation of the Company's 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (the '2006 Plan'). Under the 2018 Plan, the Company may grant stock options,  stock  appreciation  rights,  restricted  stock,  restricted  stock  units  and  other  awards  to  individuals  who  are  then  its  employees,  directors  and consultants, including employees and consultants of its affiliates. The Company has initially reserved 1.5 million shares of common stock for issuance under the 2018 Plan, which is the sum of (1) 1.0 million new shares, plus (2) the number of shares that remained available for issuance under the 2006 Plan at the time the 2018 Plan became effective, and (3) any shares subject to outstanding stock options or other stock awards that were granted under the 2006 Plan that would have otherwise returned to the 2006 Plan. In addition, the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the 2018 Plan will automatically increase on January 1 of each calendar year, starting on January 1, 2019 through January 1, 2028, in an amount equal to 5% of the total number of shares of the Company's capital stock outstanding on the last day of the calendar month before the date of each automatic increase, or a lesser number of shares determined by the Board. As of December 31, 2021, 6.2 million shares of common stock were authorized for future grants under the 2018 Plan.

## 2020 Inducement Plan

In August 2020, the Company's Board and its stockholders adopted the 2020 Inducement Plan and amended by the Board on October 6, 2021. Under the 2020 Plan, the Company may grant stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units and other awards to individuals who are then its employees, directors and consultants, including employees and consultants of its affiliates. The Company has initially reserved 2.1  million shares of common stock for issuance under the 2020 Plan. An additional 1.0 million of shares of common stock was reserved for issuance under the Inducement Plan for a total of 3.1 million shares pursuant to an amendment to the Inducement Plan approved by the board of directors on October 6, 2021. As of December 31, 2021, there were approximately 0.7 million shares of common stock authorized for future grants under the 2020 Plan.

## Stock Options

A summary of the Company's stock option activity is as follows:

| Shares of Stock  under Stock  Options  Weighted-  Average  Exercise  Price  Weighted-  Average  Remaining  Contractual  Term  Aggregate  Intrinsic  Value  Outstanding at December 31, 2020  5,290,000  $  1.91  8.7  $  10,178,000  Granted  9,108,000  6.54  Exercised  (471,000)  1.30  2,547,000  Canceled  (1,162,000)  4.90  Outstanding at December 31, 2021  12,765,000  4.97  8.9  7,891,000  Vested and exercisable at December 31, 2021  3,389,000  $  3.53  8.1  $  4,428,000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  weighted-average  grant  date  fair  value  of  stock  option  grants  during  the  years  ended  December  31,  2021  and  2020  was  $ 4.35  and  $0.44, respectively. The total intrinsic value of the stock options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were $2.5 million and $7,000, respectively. The contractual term of stock options granted to employees was 10 years, which is also the maximum contractual term permitted for stock options (and stock appreciation rights) issued under the 2018 Plan. Stock options generally vest or become exercisable monthly over a four-year period.

## Restricted Stock

## Restricted Stock

A  restricted  stock  award  in  the  amount  of  5.0  million  shares  with  a  grant  date  fair  value  of  $ 5.20  a  share  was  granted  as  part  of  the  acquisition  of BioDiscovery. One-third of the Restricted Shares will vest on October 18, 2022 and one-twelfth of the Restricted Shares shall vest every three months following October 18, 2022, subject to continuous service of a key employee. The weighted average remaining contractual term for the restricted stock is 2.8 years as of December 31, 2021. The fair value of the restricted stock award is based on the market value of common stock as of the date of grant and is amortized to expense over the respective vesting period or the service period.

## Restricted Stock Units and Performance Stock Units

The Company issues restricted stock units (RSU) and performance stock units (PSU). The Company grants restricted stock pursuant to the 2018 Stock Plan and satisfy such grants through the issuance of new shares. RSUs are share awards that, upon vesting, will deliver to the holder shares of our common stock. RSUs generally vest over a two-year period with equal vesting annually. We issue PSUs for which the number of shares issuable at the end of a four-year performance period is based on our performance relative to specified revenue targets and continued employment through the vesting period.

Restricted stock activity was as follows:

| Stock Units  Weighted- Average  Grant Date Fair Value  per Share  Outstanding at January 1, 2021  - $  -  Granted  540,000  4.75  Released  (179,000)  4.76  Forfeited  -  -  Outstanding at December 31, 2021  361,000  $  4.74   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  total  intrinsic  value  of  the  RSUs  that  vested  was  $ 0.9  million  during  fiscal  2021,  determined  as  of  the  date  of  vesting.  The  weighted  average remaining contractual term for the RSUs is 1.4 years as of December 31, 2021.

Performance stock activity was as follows:

| Stock Units  Weighted- Average  Grant Date Fair Value  per Share  Outstanding at January 1, 2021  - $  -  Granted  290,000  4.74  Released  -  -  Forfeited  -  -  Outstanding at December 31, 2021  290,000  $  4.74   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The weighted average remaining contractual term for the PSUs is  3.4 years as of December 31, 2021

## Stock-Based Compensation Expense

The Company recognized stock-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was as follows:

| Years Ended December 31,  2021  2020  Research and development  $  3,531,000  $  375,000  General and administrative  6,188,000  1,179,000  Total stock-based compensation expense  $  9,719,000  $  1,554,000   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The weighted-average assumptions used in the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model to determine the fair value of the employee stock option grants were as follows:

| Years Ended December 31,  2021  2020  Risk-free interest rate  1.1%  .6%  Expected volatility  76.2%  77.0%  Expected term (in years)  6.0  5.8  Expected dividend yield  0.0%  0.0%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Risk-free interest rate. The risk-free rate assumption is based on the U.S. Treasury instruments, the terms of which were consistent with the expected term of the Company's stock options.

Expected volatility. Due to the Company's limited operating history and lack of company-specific historical or implied volatility as a private company, the expected  volatility  assumption  was  determined  by  examining  the  historical  volatilities  of  a  group  of  industry  peers  whose  share  prices  are  publicly available.

Expected  term. The expected term of stock  options  represents  the  weighted-average  period  the  stock  options  are  expected  to  be  outstanding.  The Company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term due to the limited period of time its equity shares have been publicly traded. As a result, the Company uses the simplified method for estimating the expected term as provided by the Securities and Exchange Commission. The simplified method calculates the expected term as the average of the time-to-vesting and the contractual life of the options.

Expected dividend yield. The expected dividend assumption is based on the Company's history and expectation of dividend payouts. The Company has not paid and does not intend to pay dividends.

Forfeitures . The Company reduces stock-based compensation expense for actual forfeitures during the period.

## Unrecognized Stock-Based Compensation Expense

As of December 31, 2021, the unrecognized compensation expense for all non-vested share-based awards was $ 59.2 million and is expected to be recognized as expense over a weighted-average period of 3.1 years.

## Employee Stock Purchase Plan

In August 2018, the Board and the Company's stockholders adopted the 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 'ESPP'). A total of 0.2 million shares of common stock were initially reserved for issuance under the ESPP. In addition, the number shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the ESPP will automatically increase on January 1 of each calendar year, beginning on January 1, 2019, through January 1, 2028, by the lesser of (1)  1% of the total number of shares of the Company's common stock outstanding on the last day of the calendar month before the date of the automatic increase, (2) 220,000 shares,

or (3) a lesser number of shares as determined by the Board.  As of December 31, 2021, 0.2 million shares of common stock were authorized for future grants under the ESPP.

## Executive Option Grants

On February 15, 2022, the compensation committee of the Company's board of directors granted various executive officers stock options to purchase an aggregate  of 4.3  million  shares  of  common  stock  at  an  exercise  price  of  $ 2.18  a  share,  in  each  case  with  an  effective  grant  date  and  vesting commencement date of February 15, 2022 (the 'Grant Date'). These stock option grants were issued from the 2018 Stock Plan. The shares subject to the option shall vest monthly over 48 months beginning on the one-month anniversary of the Grant Date, such that the option shall be fully vested and exercisable on the four-year anniversary of the Grant Date.

## 11. Commitments and Contingencies

## Leases

## Operating leases

The Company leases approximately  35,823 square feet of office, laboratory, and manufacturing space in two buildings at our headquarters in San Diego, California, with the lease for all rented space expiring December 31, 2025. In December 2021, the Company executed a new lease for approximately 11,978 additional square feet square feet of office and laboratory space in San Diego, California that expires in January 2026. In January 2022, the Company executed a new lease for an additional 5,278 square feet of office and laboratory space in San Diego, California that expires in January 2026. Rent payments for the additional space are $16,000 each month through December 2022, and increases annually according to the Company's lease agreement.

In August 2020, through the acquisition of Lineagen, the Company obtained a lease for approximately  9,710 square feet of office space in a Salt Lake City, Utah under a non-cancelable operating lease that expires in December 2026.

## Finance lease

In October 2021, through the acquisition of BioDiscovery, the Company obtained a finance lease of 4,786 square feet of office space in El Segundo, California that expires in February 2041. The portion of the future payments designated as principal repayment and related interest was classified as a finance lease obligation on our consolidated balance sheets. Refer to Note 15. Related Party Transactions for additional information.

## Supplemental information

For all leases, the Company has the ability to enter into renewal negotiations, prior to the lease end date, with no specific terms. At this time, it is not reasonably certain that we will extend the term of the lease and therefore the renewal period has been excluded from the aforementioned ROU asset and lease liability measurements. The leases are subject to variable charges for common area maintenance and other costs that are determined based on actual costs and includes certain lease incentives such as tenant improvement allowances. The base rent for the leases is subject to an annual increase  each  year.  Rent  expense  is  being  recognized  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  term  of  the  lease.  The  Company's  estimated  incremental borrowing rate of 7.1% was used in its present value calculations as the operating and finance leases do not have a stated rate and the implicit rate was not readily determinable. In determining the incremental borrowing rate, the Company considered the interest rate of the Term Loans as well as publicly available data for discount rates used by peer companies.

Supplemental information pertaining to the Company's leases in which the Company is lessee for the year ended December 31, 2021 is as follows:

| Cash payments included in the measurement of lease liabilities:  Operating cash flows from operating leases  $  447,000  Operating cash flows from finance leases  $  47,000  Financing cash flows from finance leases  $  5,000  Weighted-average remaining lease term:  Operating leases  4.1 years  Finance leases  19.2 years  Weighted-average discount rate:  Operating leases  7.1 %  Finance leases  7.1 %  Noncash lease liabilities resulting from obtaining right-of-use assets  Operating leases  $  4,751,000   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table provides the components of the Company's lease cost:

| Year Ended December 31,  2021  2020  Operating leases  Operating lease costs  $  1,118,000  $  887,000  Variable lease costs  386,000  -  Total rent expense  1,504,000  887,000  Finance lease  Amortization of right of use assets  19,000  -  Interest on lease liabilities  47,000  -  Total finance lease costs  66,000  -  Gross sublease income  (18,000)  (422,000)  Total lease costs  $  1,552,000  $  465,000  1   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Rent expense and sublease income for the year ended December 31, 2020 reflects accounting treatment under ASC 840. 1

The future minimum payments under non-cancellable operating and finance leases as of December 31, 2021, are as follows:

| Operating Leases  Finance Lease  2022  $  1,881,000  $  314,000  2023  1,950,000  322,000  2024  2,011,000  330,000  2025  2,088,000  338,000  2026  232,000  346,000  Thereafter  -  5,949,000  Total future lease payments  8,162,000  7,599,000  Less: imputed interest  (1,407,000)  (3,658,000)  Total lease liabilities  $  6,755,000  $  3,941,000   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Prior to the adoption of ASC Topic 842, future minimum rental payments under operating leases as of December 31, 2020, were as follows:

| Year Ending December 31,  Total Payments  2021  $  734,000  2022  639,000  2023  666,000  2024  696,000  2025 and thereafter  729,000  Total minimum lease payments  $  3,464,000   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Purchase Commitments

The Company has a contractual commitment with a supplier to purchase $ 0.3 million of products every month for an initial term of  two years beginning in May 2021 until May 2023. The contract can be terminated with 90 days written notice by either party.

## Litigation

From time to time, the Company may be subject to potential liabilities under various claims and legal actions that are pending or may be asserted. These matters arise in the ordinary course and conduct of the business. The Company regularly assesses contingencies to determine the degree of probability and range of possible loss for potential accrual in the financial statements. An estimated loss contingency is accrued in the financial statements if it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the

amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Based on the Company's assessment, it currently does not have any material loss exposure as it is not a defendant in any claims or legal actions.

## Contingent Consideration

As part of the Merger Agreement related to the acquisition of BioDiscovery, the Company agreed to pay a milestone payment of $ 10.0 million in cash contingent on the achievement of a commercial milestone within eighteen months of the acquisition date. The Company determined the fair value of the milestone consideration using a scenario-based technique, as the trigger for payment is event driven. The outcome of the milestone consideration is binary, meaning the milestone is either achieved or not achieved, and the only other variable factor is the timing of when the milestone is achieved. The Company determined it is highly likely that the milestone will be achieved and therefore used a 95% probability factor which is applied to the $10.0 million milestone  consideration.  Based  on  these  valuation  assumptions,  a  contingent  liability  of  $9.0  million  was  recognized  on  the  acquisition  date.  As  of December 31,  2021,  the  fair  value  of  the  milestone  consideration  was  determined  to  be  $9.1  million.  The  change  in  fair  value  of  $ 0.1  million  was recorded in selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021.

## 12. Income Taxes

The domestic and foreign components of income (loss) from continuing operations are as follows:

| Year Ended December 31,  2021  2020  Domestic  $  (78,356,000)  $  (41,191,000)  Foreign  204,000  114,000  Loss before provision for income taxes  $  (78,152,000)  $  (41,077,000)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The provision for domestic and foreign income taxes is as follows:

| Year Ended December 31,  2021  2020  Current:  Federal  $  -  $  -  Foreign  39,000  24,000  State and local  21,000  5,000  Total current income tax provision (benefit)  $  60,000  $  29,000  Deferred:  Federal  $  (4,055,000)  $  -  Foreign  -  -  State and local  (1,722,000)  -  Total deferred income tax provision (benefit)  (5,777,000)  -  Income tax provision (benefit)  $  (5,717,000)  $  29,000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Reconciliations of the income tax computed at the federal statutory tax rate to the expense for income taxes are as follows:

| Year Ended December 31,  2021  2020  Income taxes at statutory rate  $  (16,413,000)  $  (8,626,000)  State income taxes, net of federal benefits  (2,030,000)  (522,000)  Change in valuation allowance  12,879,000  9,816,000  Section 162(m)  966,000  -  Other permanent differences  (165,000)  (67,000)  Research credits  (938,000)  (568,000)  Other  (16,000)  (4,000)  Income tax expense (benefit)  $  (5,717,000)  $  29,000   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Significant components of the Company's deferred tax assets at December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| December 31,  2021  2020  Deferred tax assets:  Net operating loss carryforwards  $  81,399,000  $  62,354,000  Research and development credits  6,911,000  5,671,000  Stock-based compensation  849,000  450,000  ASC 842 - lease liability  2,517,000  -  Other  1,457,000  2,148,000  Total gross  93,133,000  70,623,000  Deferred tax liabilities:  Amortization  (7,478,000)  (350,000)  ASC 842 - ROU asset  (2,504,000)  -  Other  -  -  Less: valuation allowance  (83,151,000)  (70,273,000)  Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance  $  -  $  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2021, the Company has federal and state tax net operating loss carryforwards of $ 341.1 million and $158.4 million, respectively. The federal tax loss carryforwards include $176.8 million that do not expire but utilization is limited to 80% of the Company's taxable income in any given tax year based on current federal tax laws. The remaining federal tax loss carryforwards of $164.3 million and state tax loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2027  and  2023,  respectively,  unless  previously  utilized.  As  of  December  31,  2021,  the  Company  also  has  federal  and  California  research  credit carryforwards of $6.7 million and $6.1 million, respectively. The federal research credit carryforwards begin to expire in 2027 unless previously utilized. The California research credits carry forward indefinitely.

Management assesses all available evidence to estimate if sufficient future taxable income will be generated to use the existing deferred tax assets. The Company has experienced net losses since inception, and the revenue and income potential of the Company's business and market are unproven. Due to  the  Company's continuing research and development ("R&amp;D") activities, the Company expects to continue to incur net losses into the foreseeable future.  As  such,  the  Company  cannot  conclude  that  it  is  more  likely  than  not  that  its  deferred  tax  assets  will  be  realized.  A  valuation  allowance  of $83.2 million, and $70.3 million as of December 31, 2021, and 2020, respectively, has been established to offset the deferred tax assets.

The Company acquired BioDiscovery, LLC. an entity designated for income tax purposes as a corporation in a plan of reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a)(1)(A) on October 18, 2021. Under ASC 805-740, the Company recorded deferred tax liabilities of $5.8 million related to customer lists, patents/trademarks, developed technology, and fixed assets as part of the business combination. As the deferred tax liability recorded in the business combination constitutes a source of future taxable income, the Company recorded a decrease to its valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets of $5.8 million as a deferred income tax benefit.

Utilization of the net operating losses and R&amp;D credit carryforwards are subject to annual limitations due to ownership changes that have occurred or that could occur in the future, as required by Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,as amended (the "Code"), as well as similar state and foreign provisions. These ownership changes will limit the amount of net operating losses and R&amp;D credit carryforwards that can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income and tax, respectively. In general, an "ownership change" as defined by Section 382 of the Code results from a transaction or series of

transactions over a three-year period resulting in an ownership change of more than 50 percentage points of outstanding stock of a company by certain stockholders. Due to the existence of the valuation allowance, limitations created by past or future ownership changes, if any, will not impact its effective tax rate.

The Company last performed a 382 study during 2013 and since this date there have been changes in ownership that will limit the Company's ability to utilize the net operating loss and R&amp;D credit carryforwards. The Company is in the process of refreshing its 382 study but the results of that analysis are unknown as of the issuance date of these consolidated financial  statements.  The  completion  of  the  382  study  could  result  in  material  reductions  to deferred tax assets and related valuation allowance disclosed above. However, the Company had not utilized any of the net operating losses and R&amp;D credits during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.

Reconciliations of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest and penalties, are as follows:

| December 31,  2021  2020  Balance at beginning of the year  $  4,201,000  $  3,708,000  Additions/(reductions) for tax positions - prior year  231,000  53,000  Increase related to current year positions  687,000  440,000  Balance at the end of the year  $  5,119,000  $  4,201,000   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company recognizes the benefit of uncertain tax positions at the largest amount that is more likely than not to be sustained upon audit by the relevant taxing authority. An uncertain tax position will not be recognized if it has less than a 50% likelihood of being sustained. Due to the valuation allowance position, none of the unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, will impact the Company`s effective tax rate. The Company does not anticipate a significant change in the unrecognized tax benefits during the next twelve months.

The Company's practice is to recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. The Company had no accrual of interest and penalties on the Company's balance sheets and has not recognized any interest and penalties in the statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.

The Company is subject to taxation in the United States, the United Kingdom and China. The Company's tax years from 2007 (inception) are subject to examination by the United States and state authorities due to the carry forward of unutilized net operating losses and R&amp;D credits.

## 13. Employee Benefits

The  Company has a defined  contribution  401(k)  plan  available  to  eligible  employees.  Under  the  terms  of  the  plan,  employees  may  make  voluntary contributions as a percent of compensation, limited to the maximum amount allowable under federal tax regulations. The Company, at its discretion, may make certain contributions to the 401(k) plan. The Company expensed matching contributions of $0.83 million and $0.46 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## 14. Acquisitions

## Lineagen Acquisition

In August 2020, the Company, Merger Sub, Lineagen, and Michael S. Paul, Ph.D., solely in his capacity as exclusive agent and attorney-in-fact of the security-holders of Lineagen, entered into the Lineagen Merger Agreement. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Lineagen Merger Agreement, Merger  Sub  merged  with  and  into  Lineagen  whereupon  the  separate  corporate  existence  of  Merger  Sub  ceased,  with  Lineagen  continuing  as  the surviving  corporation  of  the  Merger  as  a  wholly  owned  subsidiary  of  the  Company.  Lineagen's  expertise  in  development,  commercialization  and reimbursement of laboratory-developed tests provides a platform for accelerating sales growth for the Company's Saphyr system.

Pursuant  to  the  terms  of  the  Lineagen  Merger  Agreement,  at  the  effective  time  of  the  Merger  (the  'Effective  Time'),  the  shares  of  capital  stock  of Lineagen  and  all  options  of  Lineagen  that  were  issued  and  outstanding  immediately  prior  to  the  Effective  Time  were  automatically  cancelled  and extinguished without any payment with respect thereto. Certain holders of convertible notes and other indebtedness of Lineagen at the closing of the Merger (the 'Closing') received common stock of the Company. The total number of shares of the Company's common stock issued or reserved for issuance  as  consideration  for  the  Merger  was 6,167,510  shares,  subject  to  adjustment  for  cash,  accounts  receivable,  unpaid  indebtedness,  unpaid transaction expenses and certain other liabilities of Lineagen (the 'Merger Shares'). 925,126 of the Merger Shares (the 'Escrowed Shares') were held in an  escrow  fund  for  purposes  of  satisfying  any  post-closing  purchase  price  adjustments  and  indemnification  claims  under  the  Lineagen  Merger Agreement.

Also as consideration for the Merger, pursuant to the Lineagen Merger Agreement, the Company paid approximately $ 1.9  million  in  cash  to  certain creditors and assumed certain liabilities of Lineagen totaling approximately $2.9 million, reflective of the Company's preliminary estimate of the postclosing purchase price adjustment (which adjustment is subject to finalization pursuant to the terms of the Lineagen Merger Agreement). In addition, on August 21, 2020, concurrent with  the  Closing,  the  Company  paid  approximately  $1.1  million  to  satisfy  all  outstanding  principal  and  accrued  interest amounts due pursuant to that certain Promissory Note, dated April 22, 2020, by and between Lineagen and Silicon Valley Bank (the 'Lineagen PPP Loan'), issued pursuant to the CARES Act administered by the SBA. The Lineagen PPP Loan was repaid by the Company prior to maturity without penalty.

The Company accounted for its acquisition of Lineagen using the acquisition method of accounting pursuant to ASC 805. The tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date, and the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value assigned to the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed was recorded to goodwill. Goodwill relates to the expected synergies from combining the operations of the companies. The acquisition was structured as a stock sale and therefore goodwill is non tax deductible.

As permitted under ASC 805, the Company is allowed a measurement period, which may not exceed one year, in which to complete its accounting for the acquisition. During the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company recorded a $0.2 million adjustment to the original purchase price allocation to reduce the estimated fair value of accounts receivable, with the offsetting amount recorded to goodwill. There were no additional purchase price adjustments made during 2021.

The following is the purchase price for the acquisition of Lineagen:

| Cash (a)  $  1,940,000  Cash transferred for repayment of Lineage PPP Loan (b)  $  1,105,000  Shares common stock issued as consideration (c)  6,167,510  Shares of common stock returned to the Company (c)  (138,247)  Stock price per share on closing date  $  0.68  Value of common stock consideration (c)  $  4,100,000  Total purchase price (c)  $  7,144,000   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) The Company paid approximately $ 1.9 million in cash to certain creditors of Lineagen.

(b) The Company paid approximately $ 1.1 million to satisfy all outstanding principal and accrued interest amounts due pursuant to the Lineagen PPP Loan.

(c) The total number of shares of the Company's common stock issued as consideration for the Merger was 6,167,510 shares. The total number of Merger Shares was subject to adjustment for cash, accounts receivable, unpaid indebtedness, unpaid transaction expenses and certain other liabilities of Lineagen.  The  value  of  the  common  stock  consideration  and  the  total  purchase  price  incorporated  the  return  of 138,247  Escrowed  Shares  to  the Company.

The  total  purchase  price  was  allocated  to  Lineagen's  tangible  and  identifiable  intangible  assets  acquired  and  liabilities  assumed  on  based  on  their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date, with the excess recorded as goodwill, as follows:

| Cash and cash equivalents  $  596,000  Accounts receivable  337,000  Other assets  209,000  Property and equipment  111,000  Intangible assets  1,580,000  Goodwill  7,173,000  Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities  (2,862,000)  Net assets acquired  $  7,144,000  The acquisition date fair values of identifiable intangible assets acquired are as following:  Customer relationships  $  950,000  Trade name  630,000  Fair value of identifiable intangible assets  $  1,580,000   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The customer relationships and trade name intangibles are both being amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of five years. Straight-line amortization was determined to be materially consistent with the pattern of expected use of the intangible assets.

The  Company  recognized  approximately  $ 1.5  million  of  acquisition-related  transaction  costs,  including  financial  advisor  fees,  legal  expenses  and accounting fees during the year ended December 31, 2020. These costs are included in the consolidated statement of operations in selling, general and administrative expense. Also, the Company reported approximately $1.5 million of service revenue generated by Lineagen in its consolidated statement of  operations  from  the  date  of  acquisition  through  December  31,  2020.  As  the  Company  began  integrating  Lineagen's  operations  with  its  existing operations during the fourth quarter of 2020, it is not practical or meaningful to distinguish Lineagen's expenses or net income or loss from that of the combined operations for 2020.

## BioDiscovery Acquisition

In  October  2021,  the  Company  completed  the  acquisition  of  BioDiscovery,  LLC.,  pursuant  to  the  BioDiscovery  Merger  Agreement.  BioDiscovery's solutions  for  analysis,  interpretation  and  reporting  of  genomics  data  is  expected  to  accelerate  and  broaden  Bionano's  market  leadership  in  digital cytogenetics and comprehensive genome analysis.

Pursuant to BioDiscovery Merger Agreement, the Company paid upfront consideration consisting of a combination of approximately $ 52.3 million in cash and $40.0  million  in  shares  of  Company  common  stock.  Approximately  $ 26.0  million  worth  of  the  shares  of  the  Company's  common  stock  issued pursuant  to  the  upfront  consideration  are  subject  to  vesting  based  on  continued  service,  subject  to  the  terms  and  conditions  of  a  stock  restriction agreement.  Accordingly,  the  restricted  stock  is  being  accounted  for  as  compensation  over  the  requisite  service  period,  and  is  not  included  in  the purchase price. The upfront consideration is subject to adjustment for, among other things, cash, unpaid indebtedness, unpaid transaction expenses and working capital relative to a target. Under the BioDiscovery Merger Agreement, the Company has also agreed to pay a milestone payment of $10.0 million in cash based on the achievement of certain commercial milestones. Cash of $2.5 million will be held in an escrow fund for purposes of satisfying any post-closing purchase price adjustments and indemnification claims under the BioDiscovery Merger Agreement.

The Company accounted for its acquisition of BioDiscovery using the acquisition method of accounting pursuant to ASC 805. The tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date, and the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value assigned to the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed was recorded to goodwill. Goodwill relates to the expected synergies from combining the operations of the companies. The acquisition was structured as a stock sale and therefore goodwill is non-tax deductible.

The purchase price allocation for the acquisition of BioDiscovery is preliminary and subject to revision as additional information about the fair value of assets and liabilities becomes available. As permitted under ASC 805, the Company is allowed a measurement period, which may not exceed one year, in  which  to  complete  its  accounting  for  the  acquisition.  Per  the  terms  of  the  BioDiscovery  Merger  Agreement,  the  purchase  price  is  still  subject  to adjustment for the final determination of cash, unpaid indebtedness, unpaid transaction expenses and working capital, as well for deferred and current tax assets and liabilities

The following is the estimated purchase price for the acquisition of BioDiscovery:

| Cash  $  52,291,000  Estimated fair value of milestone consideration  $  9,000,000  Estimated return of cash to buyer from escrow  $  (694,000)  Shares common stock issued as consideration  2,723,000  Stock price per share on closing date  $  5.20  Value of estimated common stock consideration  $  14,159,000  Total estimated purchase price  $  74,756,000   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The total estimated purchase price was allocated to BioDiscovery's tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date, with the excess recorded as goodwill, as follows:

| Cash and cash equivalents  $  3,205,000  Accounts receivable  1,782,000  Right-of-use assets  3,987,000  Other assets  213,000  Intangible assets  26,800,000  Goodwill  48,987,000  Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities  (193,000)  Right-of-use liabilities (short-term and long-term)  (3,987,000)  Deferred tax liability  (5,777,000)  Contract liabilities  (261,000)  Net assets acquired  $  74,756,000  The acquisition date fair values of identifiable intangible assets acquired are as following:  Customer relationships  $  3,000,000  Developed technology  22,800,000  Tradename  1,000,000  Fair value of identifiable intangible assets  $  26,800,000   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company uses the income approach to derive the fair value of the identified intangible assets acquired. This approach calculates fair value by estimating future cash flows attributable to the assets and then discounting these cash flows to a present value using a risk-adjusted discount rate.

The developed technology, customer relationships and trade name intangibles are both being amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of five years. Straight-line amortization was determined to be materially consistent with the pattern of expected use of the intangible assets.

The  Company  recognized  approximately  $- 1.5  million  of  acquisition-related  transaction  costs,  including  financial  advisor  fees,  legal  expenses  and accounting fees during the year ended December 31, 2021. These costs are included in the consolidated statement of operations in selling, general and administrative  expense.  The  Company  reported  approximately  $1.1  million  of  revenue  generated  by  BioDiscovery  in  its  consolidated  statement  of operations from the date of acquisition through December 31, 2021.

As  the  Company  began  integrating  BioDiscovery's  operations  with  its  existing  operations  during  the  fourth  quarter  of  2021,  it  is  not  practical  or meaningful to distinguish BioDiscovery's expenses or net income or loss from that of the combine operations.

## Pro forma Financial Information

The  unaudited  pro  forma  financial  information  in  the  table  below  summarizes  the  combined  results  of  operations  for  the  Company,  Lineagen,  and BioDiscovery as if the companies had been combined as of the beginning of the year prior to the acquisition. These amounts have been calculated after applying the Company's accounting policies and adjusting the results of Lineagen and BioDiscovery to reflect the additional amortization that would have been  charged  assuming  the  fair  value  adjustments  to  intangible  assets  had  been  applied  at  the  beginning  of  the  year  prior  to  the  acquisition.  The following unaudited pro forma financial information is for informational purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved as if the acquisitions had taken place as of January 1, 2019 and January 1, 2020, respectively.

| Years Ended December 31,  (Unaudited)  2021  2020  Revenue  $  23,076,000  $  15,927,000  Net loss  (80,065,000)  (47,228,000)  Basic and diluted net loss per share  $  (0.28)  $  (0.43)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 15. Related Party Transactions

Through  the  acquisition  of  BioDiscovery  in  October  2021,  the  Company  inherited  a  building  lease  with  a  landlord  owned  by  BioDiscovery's  former Director and Chief Executive Officer, who is now the Company's Chief Informatics Officer. The Company recorded $0.1 million in finance lease costs related to this lease for the year ended December 31, 2021. Refer to Note 11. Commitments and Contingencies for future commitments pertaining to this finance lease.

## ITEM 9. CHANGES IN DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

## None.

## ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

## Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our  management,  with  the  participation  of  our  principal  executive  and  financial  officer,  evaluated  the  effectiveness  of  our  disclosure  controls  and procedures as of December 31, 2021. The term 'disclosure controls and procedures,' as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange  Act  of  1934,  as  amended  (the  'Exchange  Act'),  means  controls  and  other  procedures  of  a  company  that  are  designed  to  ensure  that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported,  within  the  time  periods  specified  in  the  SEC's  rules  and  forms.  Disclosure  controls  and  procedures  include,  without  limitation,  controls  and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company's management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures.

Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021 based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in its 2013 Internal Control - Integrated Framework. Based on this assessment, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2021. Pursuant to Section 404(c) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our independent registered public accounting firm has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for the year ended December 31, 2021, which is included below.

## Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive and financial officer, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

As the acquisition of BioDiscovery occurred in the fourth quarter of 2021, we excluded the internal control over financial reporting of BioDiscovery from the scope of our assessment of the effectiveness of the Company's internal controls. This exclusion is in accordance with the general guidance issued by the Staff of the SEC that an assessment of a recently-acquired business may be omitted from our scope in the year of acquisition, if specified conditions are satisfied. Goodwill and net intangibles assets acquired were not excluded from our assessment. BioDiscovery's total net assets excluded from our assessment  constituted  approximately  3%  of  the  Company's  total  assets  as  of  December  31,  2021,  and  BioDiscovery  revenues  excluded  from  our assessment represented approximately 6% of the Company's total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021.

## Remediation of Previously Disclosed Material Weakness

As  disclosed  in  Item  9A  in  our  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2020  filed  with  the  SEC  on  March  23,  2021,  our management previously identified material weaknesses in our internal control environment over financial reporting related to an insufficient number of resources to support the growth and complexity of our financial reporting requirements. Specifically, the design of certain controls did not adequately provide appropriate segregation of duties. The failure to maintain appropriate segregation of duties had a pervasive impact and as such, this deficiency resulted  in  a  risk  that  could  have  impacted  all  financial  statement  account  balances  and  disclosures.  The  material  weaknesses  did  not  result  in  any identified  material  misstatements  to  our  financial  statements,  and  there  were  no  changes  to  previously  released  financial  results.  During  2021,  our management, with the oversight of the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors, engaged in efforts to remediate the material weaknesses identified and previously  disclosed.  We  completed  these  remediation  measures  in  the  quarter  ended  December  31,  2021,  including  testing  of  the  design  and concluding on the operating effectiveness of the related controls.

Specifically, remediation efforts that we implemented during 2021 include the following:

-  Management engaged external consultants to assist with our internal accounting functions and further enhance our internal controls, which increased the number of external personnel involved in financial reporting.

·  We hired a new Chief Financial Officer, a Senior Manager SEC Reporting &amp; Technical Accounting, a Senior Manager of Accounting, and a Senior  Accountant,  which  has  increased  the  number  of  qualified  full-time  employees  involved  in  our  financial  reporting  and  the  control environment.

Accordingly,  we  have  determined  that  the  material  weaknesses  are  considered  to  be  remediated.  The  financial  statements  and  internal  control  over financial reporting have been audited by BDO USA LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm. BDO's reports with respect to fairness of the presentation of the financial statements, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, are included herein.

## Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There  were  no  changes  to  our  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  (as  defined  in  Rules  13a-15(f)  and  15-d-15(f)  under  the  Exchange  Act)  that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

## Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Stockholders and Board of Directors

Bionano Genomics, Inc.

San Diego, CA

## Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We  have  audited  Bionano  Genomic,  Inc's.  (the  'Company's')  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  as  of  December  31,  2021,  based  on  criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the 'COSO criteria'). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, based on the COSO criteria.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ('PCAOB'), the consolidated balance  sheets  of  the  Company  as  of  December  31,  2021  and  2020,  the  related  consolidated  statements  of  operations  and  comprehensive  loss, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes and our report dated March 1, 2022 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

## Basis for Opinion

The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal  control  over  financial  reporting,  included  in  the  accompanying  Item  9A,  Management's  Annual  Report  on  Internal  Control  over  Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit of internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

As indicated in the accompanying Item 9A, Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management's assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of BioDiscovery, LLC., which was acquired during the fourth quarter of 2021, and which is included in the consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for the year then ended. BioDiscovery, LLC. constituted  approximately  3%  of  the  Company's  total  assets  as  of  December  31,  2021  and  approximately  6%  of  revenues  for  the  year  then  ended. Management did not assess the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of BioDiscovery, LLC. because of the timing of the acquisition. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of BioDiscovery, LLC.

## Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial  statements  for  external  purposes  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles.  A  company's  internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and

dispositions  of  the  assets  of  the  company;  (2)  provide  reasonable  assurance  that  transactions  are  recorded  as  necessary  to  permit  preparation  of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ BDO USA, LLP

San Diego, CA March 1, 2022

## ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

None.

## ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS

Not applicable.

## PART III

## ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The  information  required  by  this  item  will  be  set  forth  under  the  captions  'Election  of  Directors,'  'Delinquent  Section  16(a)  Reports,'  'Information Regarding the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance,' in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, or the Proxy Statement, which is expected to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, and is incorporated in this Annual Report by reference.

We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics, or the Ethics Code, that applies to all our employees, officers and directors. This includes our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. The full text of the Ethics Code is available on our website at www.bionanogenomics.com. If we make any substantive amendments to the Ethics Code or grant any waiver from a provision of the Ethics Code to any executive officer or director, we will promptly disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on our website or in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Information contained in, or that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference herein, and you should not consider information on our website to be part of this Annual Report.

## ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The  information  required  by  this  item  will  be  set  forth  under  the  caption  'Executive  and  Director  Compensation'  in  the  Proxy  Statement  and  is incorporated in this Annual Report by reference.

## ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The information required by this item will be set forth under the captions 'Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management' and 'Equity Compensation Plan Information' in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated in this Annual Report by reference.

## ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

The  information  required  by  this  item  will  be  set  forth  under  the  captions  'Transaction  With  Related  Persons  and  Indemnification'  and  'Information Regarding the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance' in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated in this Annual Report by reference.

## ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

The  information  required  by  this  item  will  be  set  forth  under  the  caption  'Principal  Accountant  Fees  and  Services'  in  the  Proxy  Statement  and  is incorporated in this Annual Report by reference.

## PART IV

## ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

(a) List the following documents filed as a part of the report:

## (1) Financial statements

The response to this portion of Item 15 is set forth under Item 8 above.

The following consolidated financial statements of Bionano Genomics, Inc are included in Item 8 of this report:

- Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
- Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 2021 and 2020
- Consolidated Statements of Operations - Years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020
- Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income - Years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020
- Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020
- Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
- (2) Financial statement schedule.

All schedules have been omitted because they are not required or because the required information is given in the financial statements or notes thereto set forth under Item 8 above.

## (3) Exhibits

A list of exhibits file with this Annual Report or incorporated herein by reference can be found in the Exhibit Index below.

## Exhibit Index

| Exhibit  Number  Description  2.1^  Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated August 21, 2020, by and among the Company, Alta Merger Sub, Inc., Lineagen, Inc. and Michael  S. Paul, Ph.D.  2.2^€  Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated October 8, 2021, by and among the Company, Starship Merger Sub I, Inc., Starship Merger Sub  II, LLC, BioDiscovery, Inc. and Soheil Shams.  3.1  Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended.  3.2  Amended and Restated Bylaws.  4.1  Form of Common Stock Certificate.  4.2  Form of Warrant to Purchase Series D-1 Preferred Stock issued to Midcap Financial Trust.  4.3  Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock Issued to Underwriters.  4.4  Form of Warrant Certificate (included in Exhibit 4.8).  4.5  Form of Warrant Agent Agreement by and between the Registrant and American Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company LLC, as warrant  agent.  4.6  Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock for Service Providers.  4.7  Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 14, 2019, by and among the Company and the Innovatus Investors.  4.8  Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock issued to Investors in October 2019 Public Offering.  4.9  Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock issued to Investors in April 2020 Public Offering.  4.10  Underwriting  Agreement,  dated  January  8,  2021,  by  and  among  Bionano  Genomics,  Inc.  and  Oppenheimer  &amp;  Co.  Inc.,  as  representatives of the several underwriters named therein.  4.11  Underwriting  Agreement,  dated  January  20,  2021,  by  and  among  Bionano  Genomics,  Inc.  and  Oppenheimer  &amp;  Co.  Inc.,  as  representatives of the several underwriters named therein.  4.12  Description of the Company's Securities.  10.1+  Bionano Genomics, Inc. Amended and Restated 2006 Equity Compensation Plan (the '2006 Plan').  10.2+  Forms of grant notice, stock option agreement and notice of exercise under the 2006 Plan.  10.3+  Bionano Genomics, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (the '2018 Plan').  10.4+  Forms of grant notice, stock option agreement and notice of exercise under the 2018 Plan.  10.5+  Bionano Genomics, Inc. 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.  10.6+  Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between the Registrant and each director and executive officer.  10.7+  Bionano Genomics, Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy, as amended  (1)  (18)  (14)  (2)  (3)  (3)  (3)  (3)  (3)  (4)  (5)  (6)  (13)  (15)  (16)  (14)  (3)  (3)  (7)  (3)  (8)  (3)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Exhibit  Number  Description  10.8+  Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and R. Erik Holmlin, Ph.D., dated November 7, 2017, as amended.  10.9+  Employment Agreement, effective as of September 1, 2020, by and between Christopher Stewart and the Company.  10.10+  Employment Agreement, effective as of August 31, 2020, by and between Alka Chaubey and the Company.  10.11+  Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and Mark Oldakowski, dated November 7, 2017.  10.12  Lease by and between the Registrant and The Irvine Company LLC, dated January 16, 2012.  10.13  First Amendment to the Lease by and between the Registrant and The Irvine Company LLC, dated September 10, 2013.  10.14  Second Amendment to the Lease by and between the Registrant and The Irvine Company LLC, dated July 1, 2015.  10.15  Third Amendment to the Lease by and between the Registrant and The Irvine Company LLC, dated December 19, 2019.  10.16  Fourth Amendment to the Lease by and between the Registrant and The Irvine Company LLC, dated February 15, 2021.  10.17#  Master Services Agreement by and between the Registrant and Skorpios Technologies, Inc. (f/k/a Novati Technologies, Inc. and f/k/a  SVTC Technologies, LLC), dated March 2, 2009, as amended.  10.18#  Manufacturing Services Agreement by and between the Registrant and Paramit Corporation, dated February 18, 2015.  10.19#  License Agreement by and between Princeton University and the Registrant, dated January 7, 2004.  10.20#  First Amendment to the License Agreement by and between Princeton University and the Registrant, dated December 17, 2004.  10.21#  Second Amendment to the License Agreement by and between Princeton University and the Registrant, dated February 25, 2010.  10.22#  Third Amendment to the License Agreement by and between Princeton University and the Registrant, dated October 17, 2011.  10.23#  Fourth Amendment License Agreement by and between Princeton University and the Registrant, dated February 9, 2012.  10.24#  License Agreement by and between the Registrant and Q Biotechnology CV dated May 1, 2014.  10.25#  Amendment to Non-Exclusive Patent License Agreement by and between the Registrant and Q Biotechnology CV dated May 1, 2014.  10.26#  License Agreement by and between the Registrant and New York University dated November 4, 2013.  10.27#  Option and Sublicense Agreement by and between the Registrant and Pacific Biosciences of California, Inc. dated February 2, 2016.  10.28  Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated March 14, 2019, by and among the Company and the Innovatus Investors.  10.29  Bionano Genomics, Inc. 2020 Inducement Plan, as amended.  10.30  Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Stock Option Agreement under the Bionano Genomics, Inc. 2020 Inducement Plan.  10.31  Forms of Restricted  Stock  Unit  Grant  Notice  and  Restricted  Stock  Unit  Award  Agreement  under  the  Bionano  Genomics,  Inc.  2018  Equity Incentive Plan.  10.32  Sales Agreement, dated March 23, 2021, by and between the Company and Cowen and Company, LLC.  10.33  Standard Industrial/Commercial Single-Tenant Lease, made effective as of November 23, 2021, by and between the Company and  6777 Nancy Ridge LLC.  10.34^+  Employment Agreement, dated October 8, 2021 and effective October 18, 2021, by and between the Company and Soheil Shams .  10.35+  Stock Restriction Agreement, dated October 8, 2021 and effective October 18, 2021, by and between the Company and Soheil Sham  s.  10.36+  Employment Agreement, dated June 14, 2021, by and between the Company and Richard Shippy  10.37  Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated March 14, 2019, between the Company and Aspire Capital Fund, LLC  10.38  Commercial Single-Tenant Lease - Net, dated February 28, 2016, by and between Tesa Beach LLC and BioDiscovery, Inc.  10.39  Fifth Amendment to the Lease by and between the Registrant and The Irvine Company, LLC, dated January 12, 2022.  21.1  Subsidiaries of the Registrant.  23.1  Consent of BDO USA LLP, independent registered public accounting firm .  24.1  Power of Attorney (included on signature page).  31.1*  Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act  of 1934, as amended.  31.2*  Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of  1934, as amended.  (3)  (1)  (1)  (3)  (3)  (3)  (3)  (14)  (14)  (3)  (3)  (3)  (3)  (3)  (3)  (3)  (3)  (3)  (3)  (3)  (5)  (20)  (12)  (19)  (17)  (5)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Exhibit  Number  Description  32.1*  Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-  Oxley Act of 2002.  32.2*  Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-  Oxley Act of 2002.  101.INS  Inline XBRL Instance Document-the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File as its XBRL tags are embedded  within the Inline XBRL document.  101.SCH  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.  101.CAL  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.  101.DEF  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.  101.LAB  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.  101.PRE  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.  104  Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)  Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 13, 2020.  Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 24, 2018.  Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-225970), as amended.  Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 21, 2018.  Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 14, 2019.  Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-233828), as amended.  Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-245764).  Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-227073).  Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 8, 2019.  Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 10, 2020.  Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 14, 2020.  Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 24, 2020.  Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-237074).  Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 23, 2021.  Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 11, 2021.  Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 21, 2021.  Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 24, 2021.  Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 19, 2021.  Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 4, 2021.  Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 12, 2021.  ^  Certain exhibits and schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant hereby undertakes to  furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted exhibit or schedule upon request by the SEC.  Indicates management contract or compensatory plan.  - Confidential treatment has been granted with respect to certain portions of this exhibit. Omitted portions have been filed separately with the SEC. #  - € Pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K, certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted (indicated by '[***]') because the Company has determined that the information is not material and is the type that the Company treats as private or confidential.  This certification is deemed not filed for purpose of section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that section,  nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.  (1)  (2)  (3)  (4)  (5)  (6)  (7)  (8)  (9)  (10)  (11)  (12)  (13)  (14)  (15)  (16)  (17)  (18)  (19)  (20)  +  *   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY

None.

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized .

Company Name

Date: March 1, 2022

By:

/s/ R. Erik Holmlin, Ph.D. R. Erik Holmlin, Ph.D. President and Chief Executive Officer

## POWER OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints  R. Erik Holmlin, Ph.D., as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Bionano Genomics, Inc., and any or all amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite or necessary to be done in and about the premises hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

| Signature  Title  Date  /s/ R. Erik Holmlin, Ph.D.  Chief Executive Officer and Director  (Principal Executive Officer)  March 1, 2022  R. Erik Holmlin, Ph.D.  /s/ Christopher Stewart  Chief Financial Officer  (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  March 1, 2022  Christopher Stewart  /s/ David L. Barker, Ph.D.  Director  March 1, 2022  David L. Barker, Ph.D.  /s/ Albert A. Luderer, Ph.D.  Director  March 1, 2022  Albert A. Luderer, Ph.D.  /s/ Yvonne Linney, Ph.D.  Director  March 1, 2022  Yvonne Linney, Ph.D.  /s/ Hannah Mamuszka  Director  March 1, 2022  Hannah Mamuszka  /s/ Aleksandar Rajkovic, M.D., Ph.D  Director  March 1, 2022  Aleksandar Rajkovic, M.D., Ph.D.  /s/ Christopher Twomey  Director  March 1, 2022  Christopher Twomey   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

/s/ Kristiina Vuori, M.D., Ph.D.

Director

March 1, 2022

Kristiina Vuori, M.D., Ph.D.

/s/ Vincent Wong, J.D., M.B.A.

Director

March 1, 2022

Vincent Wong, J.D., M.B.A.