<!-- image -->

## 中 生 北 控 生 物 科 技 股 份 有 限 公 司 BIOSINO BIO-TECHNOLOGY AND SCIENCE INCORPORATION

(Incorporated in the People's Republic of China with limited liability)  (Stock Code : 8247)

AFU

Annual Report

## 2022

## CHARACTERISTICS OF GEM OF THE STOCK EXCHANGE OF HONG KONG LIMITED (THE 'STOCK EXCHANGE')

GEM  has  been  positioned  as  a  market  designed  to  accommodate  companies  to  which  a  higher  investment  risk may be attached than other companies listed on the Stock Exchange. Prospective investors should be aware of the potential risks of investing in such companies and should make the decision to invest only after due and careful consideration.  The  greater  risk  profile  and  other  characteristics  of  GEM  mean  that  it  is  a  market  more  suited  to professional and other sophisticated investors.

Given  the  emerging  nature  of  companies  listed  on  GEM,  there  is  a  risk  that  securities  traded  on  GEM  may  be more susceptible to high market volatility than securities traded on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange and no assurance is given that there will be a liquid market in the securities traded on GEM.

Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing limited and the Stock Exchange take no responsibility for the contents of this report, make no  representation  as  to  its  accuracy  or  completeness  and  expressly  disclaim  any  liability  whatsoever  for  any  loss  howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this report.

This report, for which the directors (the 'Directors') of Biosino Bio-Technology and Science Incorporation* (the 'Company', together with its subsidiaries, the 'Group') collectively and individually accept full responsibilities, includes particulars given in compliance with the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on GEM of the Stock Exchange (the 'GEM Listing Rules') for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Company. The Directors, having made all reasonable enquiries, confirm that, to the best of their knowledge and belief: (1) the information contained in this report is accurate and complete in all material respects and not misleading or deceptive; and (2) there are no other matters the omission of which would make any statement herein or this report misleading.

## CONTENTS

| Page  3  Corporate Information  5  Group Profile  6  Financial Highlights  7  Chairman's Statement  11  Management Discussion and Analysis  17  Corporate Governance Report  35  Report of the Directors  44  Report of the Supervisory Committee  45  Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management  50  Independent Auditors' Report  54  Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss  55  Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income  56  Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  58  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  60  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  62  Notes to Financial Statements  134  Five Year Financial Summary   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PRC OFFICE

No. 27 Chaoqian Road Science and Technology Industrial Park Changping District Beijing, PRC

## HONG KONG OFFICE

66th Floor Central Plaza, 18 Harbour Road Wanchai, Hong Kong

## WEBSITE

http://www.zhongsheng.com.cn

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Executive Directors Mr. Wu Lebin (Chairman) Mr. Lin Yanglin (Vice Chairman)

Non-executive Directors Dr. Sun Zhe (Vice Chairman) Ms. Cheng Yali

Independent Non-executive Directors Dr. Zheng Yongtang Mr. Ren Fujin (resigned with effect from 12 February 2023) Mr. Lu Qi Prof. Shen Jiangang (appointed with effect from 23 February 2023)

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

## SUPERVISORS

Mr. Zhou Jie Dr. Shen Sheng Ms. Ren Junhe

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

Dr. Zheng Yongtang (Chairman) Mr. Ren Fujin (resigned with effect from 12 February 2023) Mr. Lu Qi Prof. Shen Jiangang (appointed with effect from 23 February 2023)

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Dr. Zheng Yongtang (Chairman) Mr. Ren Fujin (resigned with effect from 12 February 2023) Mr. Lu Qi Prof. Shen Jiangang (appointed with effect from 23 February 2023)

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

Mr. Lu Qi (Chairman) Dr. Zheng Yongtang Mr. Wu Lebin Mr. Ren Fujin (resigned with effect from 12 February 2023) Prof. Shen Jiangang (appointed with effect from 23 February 2023)

## CHIEF EXECUTIVE

Mr. Chen Peng (President)

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr. Tung Woon Cheung Eric CPA, CPA (U.S.)

## QUALIFIED ACCOUNTANT

Mr. Cheng King Yin CPA, CFA

## AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES

Mr. Wu Lebin Mr. Tung Woon Cheung Eric

## COMPLIANCE OFFICER

Mr. Wu Lebin

## AUDITORS

Ernst &amp; Young

## LEGAL ADVISERS

As to Hong Kong law Loong &amp; Yeung Solicitors

## HONG KONG H SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Tricor Investor Services Limited 17F, Far East Finance Centre 16 Harcourt Road Hong Kong

## PRINCIPAL BANKERS

Bank of Beijing Agricultural Bank of China Limited Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited

## INFORMATION OF H SHARES

| Place of listing:  GEM  Stock code:  8247  Number of  H shares issued:  64,286,143 H shares RMB1.00 per H share Biosino Bio-Tec  Nominal value:  Stock short name:   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## GROUP STRUCTURE

As at 31 December 2022

<!-- image -->

* For identification purpose only
- △ The H shares of Biosino Bio-Technology and Science Incorporation are listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange
- # The  shares  of  Beijing  Enterprises  Holdings  Limited  ('Beijing  Enterprises')  are  listed  on  the  Main  Board  of  the  Stock Exchange
- ^ The  shares  of  Beijing  Zhongsheng  Jinyu  Diagnostic  Technology  Co.,  Ltd.  are  quoted  on  the  NEEQS  (the  National  Equities Exchange and Quotations System or The New Third Board*)

## GROUP PROFILE

## FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

- Revenue  for  the  year  amounted  to  approximately  RMB373  million,  representing  an  increase  of  7%  from  that  of last year.
- The Board does not propose to declare any dividend for the year ended 31 December 2022.

## 1. REVENUE FOR THE YEAR

(RMB million)

<!-- image -->

## 2. PROFIT FOR THE YEAR

(RMB million)

<!-- image -->

## IMPROVING

## AND EFFICIENCY AND QUALITY

ACTING PROACTIVELY

## DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,

It  is  with  great  pleasure that, on behalf of the board of Directors (hereinafter referred to as the 'Board') of the Company, I hereby present to all shareholders the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 (hereinafter referred to as the 'Year' or the 'Reporting Period').

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

## DIVIDENDS

Taking into account of the Group's financial condition, cash flow and capital requirements as well as maintaining a sustainable business development in the future, the Board does not recommend the payment of any dividend for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: Nil).

## BUSINESS REVIEW

In  2022,  both  the  People's  Republic  of  China  (the  'PRC'  or  'China')  and  the  world  were  continuously  bombarded  by  the COVID-19 pandemic, especially the extensive travel restrictions, which caused significant impact on all aspects of the domestic economy  and  society,  resulted  in  significant  changes  in  the  players  and  the  overall  environment  of  the  in-vitro  diagnostic ('IVD')  industry  as  well  as  more  fierce  and  complex  competitive  landscape  in  the  market,  which  caused  an  unprecedented material impact to more than 2,300 production and research and development ('R&amp;D') companies and tens of thousands of other companies.

Facing the long enduring COVID-19 pandemic and a competitive environment that had become increasingly fierce as well as the huge debt claims perplexing the survival and development of the Company, the Group overcame the challenges brought by multiple unfavourable factors both internally and externally and strived to carry out related business activities which focused on its main business. We were selected successfully in 23 provinces for liver function biochemical's centralised procurement, and most of our projects ranked top. We completed the construction of the production base for flow cytometry and reagents in Biosino Suzhou Medical Technology Co., Ltd., our subsidiary, and we launched the OEM business of COVID-19 testing reagents and nucleic acid testing business through the subsidiary, mitigating the decline in revenue from the pandemic. While continuing to propel the development and introduction of medical diagnostic products, the Group constantly enriched its original product lines.  Whilst  adjusting  product  structure  according  to  the  market,  the  Group  strengthened  its  internal  control  management, optimised production processes, lowered production costs and strived to increase corporate revenue and total profit. In terms of R&amp;D, we explored innovative R&amp;D mechanisms, reformed and innovated the operational mechanism of R&amp;D projects. The Company has established a project-focused performance evaluation system and shifted the focus of R&amp;D centred management from controlling project processes to focusing on project establishment and achievement acceptance. In terms of marketing, we continued to focus on establishing our sales teams and market expansion. We strengthened both domestic and overseas sales networks  and  professional  marketing  team  establishment  by  enriching  sales  personnel.  At  the  same  time,  we  strengthened close  cooperation  with  dealers  and  terminal  hospitals,  etc.,  constantly  trying  to  diversify  marketing  models,  expanded  sales channels from multiple directions, increased products in market segments and regional sales and deepened all-round services and  cooperation  with  end  customers.  In  terms  of  investment,  the  Group  performed  further  optimisation  of  its  investment portfolio and focused on asset operation efficiency while effectively consolidating and enhancing its comprehensive strengths, which enabled the Group to concentrate more resources and efforts on its  principal  businesses  with  their  own  advantages. The Group aimed at actively exploring new business opportunities through strategic cooperation with leading and competent industry players and endeavouring to consolidate and enhance our core competitiveness and market position. By rationalising internal processes, conducting stringent process management, clarifying specific responsibilities of responsible persons of each link and increasing revenue and reducing expenses, the Group strived to reduce waste and improve efficiency.

## ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

On behalf  of  the  Board,  I  would  like  to  take  this  opportunity  to  express  our  sincere  appreciation  to  all  shareholders  of  the Company (the 'Shareholders') for their guidance and support and to thank all of our employees for their invaluable long-term contribution and dedication.

By order of the Board

## Wu Lebin

Chairman

Beijing, the PRC 31 March 2023

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

10

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION and ANALYSIS

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

BIOSINO BIO-TECHNOLOGY AND SCIENCE INCORPORATION •

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

In-vitro diagnosis refers to offering in-vitro products and services tests of human body samples (i.e. body fluids, cells and tissues, etc.) to obtain clinical diagnostic information for diagnosing diseases or body functions. The core value of in-vitro diagnosis lies on the ability to detect unseen changes in human body earlier, more precise and in a more simple manner. At present, about 80% of clinical  diagnostic  information  are  generated  from  in-vitro  diagnostics.  Customers  of  IVD  products  primarily  include various medical institutions, independent laboratories, government public health testing centres and individuals. In particular, medical institutions account for 90% of the market share, including various hospitals, community healthcare service centres, township  health  centres  and  physical  examination  centres,  etc.  There  are  33,000  hospitals  representing  the  main  demand markets for in vitro testing reagents in the PRC. Most of the IVD product manufacturers generate revenue mainly through sales to distributors.

At  present,  foreign-funded  enterprises  in  the  domestic  IVD  market  account  for  over  50%  of  the  market  share  and  have dominant position in the high-end hospital market for a long period of time. Domestic-funded enterprises are large in number and  small  in  scale  and  their  market  competitiveness  is  relatively  weak.  With  the  gradual  implementation  of  medical  reform policies, such as medical insurance cost control, hospitals are under cost control pressures and are more motivated to choose domestic brands that have higher cost performance. The ability to launch high-quality products to substitute imported products becomes critical for enterprises' sustainability and development.

At  the  same  time,  the  differences  in  their  respective  product  layouts  and  R&amp;D  capabilities  will  quickly  widen  the  gap  in  the competitiveness of IVD product manufacturers. In the future, the barriers to enter the IVD industry will increase rapidly, premier IVD  companies  that  have  implemented  a  full  layout  of  their  product  lines  and  integrated  front-line  pipelines  will  benefit. Therefore, the industry is more concerned about innovation and profit models in company processes and services.

In 2021, the centralised procurement of chemiluminescent reagents in Anhui Biosino began, and in 2022, the national largescale  centralised  procurement  of  liver  function  items  in  IVD  industry  was  officially  launched  and  rapidly  implemented.  This shows that the trend of centralised procurement is inevitable, which will undoubtedly bring a certain degree of impact, or even a long-term impact, on the medical device industry and the Company's business development. With intensified circulation links reduction, drop in test prices and the implementation of the DRGS, the hospital laboratory department may shift from being a profit centre to a cost centre and it is a general trend to adopt the direct sales model for the sales of IVDs. The construction of  100  urban  medical  groups  and  500  county-level  medical  communities  will  exert  more  attention  to  resources  allocation efficiency  and  medical  services  quality  and  strive  to  change  the  incentive  mechanism,  introduce  market  and  competition mechanisms and practise the value-oriented healthcare concept. The end market is changing from profit driven to cost driven and the downstream service end is passing cost control pressure to midstream and upstream. As such, the IVD industry chain is  undergoing profound changes. The direct impact is to squeeze profit margin of related manufacturing companies. In order to  hedge  risks,  other  than  conducting  rational  product  planning  and  variety  selection,  price  has  become  a  crucial  factor  in market  competition.  Every  link  in  the  market  requires  manufacturers  to  surrender  part  of  their  profits.  In  order  to  survive, manufacturers have to make every endeavour to reduce their own operating costs to the maximum extent.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

At present, the IVD ecosystem is undergoing profound and significant changes domestically and the demand for biochemical diagnostic  reagents  and  immunodiagnostic  reagents  in  the  IVD  reagent  market  still  account  for  over  50%  of  the  entire  IVD reagent  market  demand.  The  in-hospital  diagnosis  and  treatment  flow  is  expected  to  increase  in  future,  which  will  bring biochemical  testing,  chemiluminescence  and  other  conventional  business  opportunities  to  recover.  Among  the  IVD  services, biochemical diagnostic reagents and immunodiagnostic reagents aim at the basic diagnostic services of more than one billion people  and  account  for  a  small  proportion  of  medical  insurance  costs.  However,  as  the  technical  barriers  for  biochemical diagnostics reagent in the domestic market is relatively low, international brands have no absolute advantages and domestic enterprises  have  stronger  bargaining  power  and  products  homogeneity  is  severe,  which  leads  to  more  fierce  market competition. At present, national awareness of disease prevention and physical examination has increased, drug prices have been  reduced  and  drug  price  margin  has  been  cancelled,  diagnosis  and  treatment  services  will  become  the  main  source  of income for hospitals, and the closely related products of IVD (including reagents and instruments, etc.) and the relevant services will still have a large market potential.

## OPERATING REVENUE

In 2022, the Company and the Group as a whole, basically achieved the profit target set by the Board, realized a net profit of RMB14 million, representing an increase of 3.5 times over the previous year which was mainly attributable to an increase in the profit of several subsidiaries. The sales revenue from the principal businesses of the Group as a whole amounted to RMB373 million, representing an increase of 7% as compared to last year. In 2022, although the Group maintained its business in an orderly manner through various efforts, the growth of revenue did not reach the expected target.

## GROSS PROFIT AND GROSS PROFIT MARGIN

The gross profit during the Reporting Period was RMB146 million, representing an increase of 2% as compared to last year and the gross profit margin was 39% (2021: 41%).

## SELLING AND DISTRIBUTION EXPENSES

During the Reporting Period, selling and distribution expenses were RMB55 million, increased by 2% as compared to the same period over last year. The increase in such expenses was primarily attributable to stronger sales efforts during the Year.

## RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COSTS

In 2022, the total research and development costs amounted to RMB27 million, up by 7% when compared to RMB25 million in 2021.

## PROFIT FOR THE YEAR

Profit for the Year amounted to approximately RMB14 million, increased by 3.5 times as compared to RMB3 million in 2021.

## PROFIT/LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE PARENT

During the Reporting Period, profit attributable to owners of the parent of the Company was RMB8 million, as compared with a loss attributable to owners of the parent of RMB1 million for the previous year. The increase was mainly attributable to the participation in relevant businesses relating to epidemic prevention and control in the PRC.

## PRODUCTION FACILITIES

The Company owns two self-constructed plant complexes, covering a total area of 37.17 mu. Both complexes have passed the examination and acceptance and repair and reconstruction stages and are in normal use. Among which, Plant Complex No.1, with a gross floor area of 11,000 square metres, is mainly used for office, research and development, production of biochemical reagents  and  other  purposes,  Plant  Complex  No.2,  with  a  gross  floor  area  of  5,000  square  metres  (with  five  storeys  above ground), is mainly used as the production facilities for diagnostic reagents, comprising warehouse, workshops, laboratories and offices. The production facilities of each of its subsidiaries are either leased for use or constructed pursuant to relevant laws and regulations and those facilities currently are all in normal operating conditions.

## FUTURE PROSPECTS

The year of 2022 has seen the toughest test for the country in the last three years. The end of 2022 saw a new beginning under  the  adjustment  of  PRC  pandemic  prevention  and  control  policy:  the  COVID-19  is  rapidly  slowing  down,  the  postpandemic era is imminent, and the IVD market both domestically and abroad is bound to usher in a new phase of recovery and stable growth. Rigid demands for diagnosis and treatment, routine tests and hospital beds are expected to quickly return to the levels before the pandemic in the fourth quarter of 2023. Further improving people's health security was emphasized in  the Party's 20th National Congress, which means China will also promote the basic medical public services available to all people. China will promote medical and health resources coordination in counties (the existing county hospitals are 16,800), and  strengthen  the  second-class  health  care  and  medical  security  services  capacity.  According  to  the  statistics,  there  are 990,000 primary health care institutions in China, of which 36,000 are community service centers and 35,000 are township health  centers.  The  National  Health  Commission  has  classified  their  service  capacity  standards.  The  new  high-value  demand and spending on health care will remain high. The trend of continuous growth in demand for health services brought about by accelerated aging and urbanization has become more obvious, and China's in-vitro diagnostic market still has great potential for  development  and  expansion.  With  the  growth  of  per  capita  disposable  income  in  the  PRC,  as  well  as  the  increasing awareness of disease prevention, physical examination among nationals and the national coverage of medical insurance, the market of the IVD industry will have huge potential in the future.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

In  the  foreseeable  future,  with  the  launch  of  centralised  procurement  for  liver  function  reagents,  the  items  and  scope  of centralised  procurement  of  other  categories  of  diagnostic  reagents  will  continue  to  expand.  Although  there  are  significant differences in the development of the IVD segment, centralised procurement is becoming the new norm which will lead to the subtle  and  critical  changes  in  market  landscape.  Therefore,  it  is  expected  that  the  market  will  see  changes  including  further increased concentration in the industry, a stronger competitive edge of manufacturers with complete supporting system, less reliance on dealers, and more intense requirements from the clinical to the quality of reagents. As a result of the increasing M&amp;A made by companies profited  during  the  pandemic  and  the  inevitable  trend  of  localization  of  foreign  companies,  it  is expected that market competition will further intensify and lead to more uncertainty. The market players of the entire industry especially for those of biochemical products have put forward higher competition requirements, which will force products to continuingly speed up their upgrades and repetitive computation, so as to ease up certain price pressures. At the same time, occupying the market through product diversification and the synergy effects formed in research and development, channels and brands would continue to form positive feedback and promote further development of the Group; the pressure to reduce profits brought by centralised procurement have promoted the disintermediated market. The product agency marketing models that the market relied on in the past had become inappropriately suitable for market needs.

Looking into 2023, with significant changes in the industry in the post-COVID era, companies in the IVD industry will have to reposition themselves in the new ecosystem landscape and obtain new opportunities with widespread application for precise and fast products, mainly nucleic acid tests and antigen tests through rational division of functions. Intense competitions will inevitably lead to more frequent mergers and consolidations than ever before and more emphasis will be placed on products with market demand and technological innovation, as well as their repetitive computing capabilities and speed (including R&amp;D, registration, clinical and other links). At present, the development of the IVD industry is undergoing complicated changes and it is imperative for enterprises to look for new approaches from the overall situation perspective.

After  more  than  30  years  of  steady  development,  the  Company  has  accumulated  rich  industry  experience.  In  2023,  the Company  will  follow  the  keynote  of  improving  quality  and  efficiency  and  seeking  breakthroughs,  and  will  fully  integrate internal  and  external  resources  and  deeply  focus  on  profit-driven  hospital  projects  in  key  regions  nationwide.  The  Company will  strive  against  the  tide,  enhance  product  competition  through  process  improvement  and  formula  optimization,  continue to  consolidate  and  enhance its  biochemical products business segments by making full use of the advantages of centralised procurement,  constantly  improve  its  product  quality,  optimise  and  expand  existing  key  products  offerings,  make  up  for  the loss caused by the price reduction by releasing the quantity, refine featured products with greater profit margins and actively develop more convenient and sustainable new products. By consolidating its business foundations and adjusting its business strategies,  the  Company  will  expand  its  revenue  sources,  ramp  up  its  own  business  and  service  capabilities,  innovate  cooperation  models,  speed  up  the  response  against  evolving  situation,  provide  domestic  and  foreign  customers  with  more premium and all-round  services  and  endeavour  to  return  to  our  leading  industry  position  with  the  best  earlier  date.  At  the same time, the Group will follow the development trend of the IVD industry, focus on future industrial strategy such as flow diagnostics,  cultivate  in  the  primary  market  and  actively  explore  new  profit  models  for  the  Company,  including  establishing strategic  partnerships  with  leading  professional  players  in  the  industry.  Based  on  our  existing  brand  advantages,  excellent distributors and total market-oriented institutional advantages, the Group will continue to promote the resources integration to improve market-based remuneration, assessment and incentive mechanisms to stimulate operational vibrancy and endogenous motivation, so as to realize the upgrade in product, market and management.

## CAPITAL STRUCTURE

During the Reporting Period, the change of capital structure of the Company as compared to that of last year is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Cash and bank balances  77,349  44,469  Short-term loans  133,553  161,755  Long-term loans  7,548  28  Net debt  63,752  117,314  Net debt equity ratio  27%  59%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL POSITION

The  Group  generally  financed  its  operations  with  internally  generated  cash  flows,  bank  and  other  borrowings  and  capital contributions from the Shareholders. As at 31 December 2022, the net debt decreased by approximately RMB54 million yearon-year as compared to last year, which was mainly due to the cash flows from operating activities and capital contributions from non-controlling shareholders during the Year.

## FOREIGN CURRENCY RISK

The  Group's  businesses  are  mostly  located  in  the  PRC  and  most  transactions  are  conducted  in  RMB,  except  that  the  Group occasionally  purchases  equipment  and  some  IVD  reagent  products  from  overseas  countries  for  resale  in  the  PRC  and  there are  administrative  expenses  incurred  by  the  Canadian  subsidiary.  A  small  amount  of  cash  denominated  in  Hong  Kong  dollar ('HKD') is placed in bank accounts in Hong Kong for payment of miscellaneous expenses such as professional fees incurred in Hong Kong.

## PLEDGE OF ASSETS OF THE GROUP

As at 31 December 2022, certain buildings with a net carrying amount of approximately RMB22.6 million and prepaid land lease payments with a net carrying amount of approximately RMB2.3 million were pledged to a third party which guaranteed the Group, to secure the bank loans of RMB62.2 million from Bank of Beijing Co., Ltd. and RMB10 million from China Guangfa Bank.  The  bank  loans  will  be  due  within  one  year.  Certain  buildings  with  a  net  carrying  amount  of  RMB21.4  million  were mortgaged to a third party which provided guarantees for the Group, to obtain the bank loan of RMB10 million from China Construction Bank. The loan will be due in November 2023.

At 31 December 2022, certain machineries with net carrying amount of approximately RMB9.8 million were pledged to third parties to secure loans granted to the Company which amounted to RMB18.6 million with durations in two years.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

At the end of the Reporting Period, contingent liabilities not provided for in the financial statements were as follows:

Counter-guarantees given to a security company in connection with loans

## EMPLOYEES

On 31 December 2022, the Group had a total of 531 full-time employees (2021: 421 employees) based in Hong Kong and the PRC. Total staff costs of the Group (including the Directors' and supervisors' remuneration) for the year ended 31 December 2022 amounted to approximately RMB92 million (2021: RMB73 million). The Group determines the emoluments of its staff and the Directors based on their qualifications and experience, performance and market rates, so as to maintain the remuneration of its staff and the Directors at a competitive level. The Group participates in various defined contribution retirement plans and insurance schemes in compliance with its statutory obligations under the laws and regulations of the PRC and Hong Kong. The Board of the Company believes that employees are one of the most valuable assets of the Group who contribute significantly to the success of the Group. The Group recognises the importance of training of its staff and hence provides regular training for the Group's staff members to enhance their technical and product knowledge.

Other than the company secretary and qualified accountant, the remaining employees of the Group are stationed in China.

## PURCHASE, REDEMPTION OR SALE OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY

Neither the Company, nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, redeemed or sold any of the Company's listed securities during the Year.

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  20,000  3,000   |
|-----------------------------------------------|

## INTRODUCTION

The Company has always placed strong emphasis on the superiority, steadiness and rationality of corporate governance. The Company has applied the principles of the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix 15 to the GEM Listing Rules (the 'Corporate Governance Code') to its corporate governance structure and practices as described in this report. A summary of the work is also set out in this report.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICE

During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Company  complied  with  all  of  the  Code  Provisions  and,  where  appropriate,  adopted  the recommended best practices set out in Part 2 - Principles of Good Corporate Governance, Code Provisions and Recommended Best Practices of the Corporate Governance Code (Appendix 15 to the GEM Listing Rules) with the exception of Code Provision D.2.5 as addressed below:

## Code Provision D.2.5

Code Provision D.2.5 states that the Company should have an internal audit function. Based on the size and simple operating structure of the Group as well as the internal control processes, the Group decided not to set up an internal audit department for the time being. However, the Board has put in place adequate measures to perform the internal audit function in relation to different aspects including (i) the Board has established formal arrangements to apply financial reporting and internal control principles  in  accounting  and  financial  matters  to  ensure  compliance  with  the  GEM  Listing  Rules  and  all  relevant  laws  and regulations and (ii) the Company engaged an external consultant to perform an internal review on the scope determined by the audit committee of the Company. The Company considers that the existing organization structure and close supervision by the management and the abovementioned engagement of the external consultant can maintain sufficient risk management and internal control of the Group. The Board will review the need to set up an internal audit function from time to time and may set up an internal audit team if the need arises.

## THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

During the Reporting Period, the Board comprised seven Directors, including the chairman of the Board (the 'Chairman') and executive Director, Mr. Wu Lebin, executive Director, Mr. Lin Yanglin, two non-executive Directors, Dr. Sun Zhe and Ms. Cheng Yali,  and three independent non-executive Directors, Dr. Zheng Yongtang, Mr. Ren Fujin and Mr. Lu Qi. After the resignation of  Mr.  Ren  Fujin  with  effect  on  12  February  2023,  Prof.  Shen  Jiangang  was  appointed  with  effect  on  23  February  2023  as an  independent  non-executive  Director.  Each  of  the  Directors  (including  the  non-executive  Directors  and  independent  nonexecutive Directors) has entered into a service contract or letter of appointment with the Company for a term of three years, but is subject to retirement by rotation at the Company's annual general meeting in accordance with the articles of association of  the  Company  (the  'Articles  of  Association').  The  Board  is  mainly  accountable  to  the  owners  of  the  parent.  It  is  also  in charge  of  the  management,  business,  strategy,  annual,  interim  and  quarterly  results,  risk  management,  major  acquisitions, disposals  and  capital  transactions  and  other  major  operational  and  financial  aspects  of  the  Group.  Major  corporate  matters that  are  specifically  delegated  by  the  Board  to  the  management  include  the  preparation  of  annual,  interim  and  quarterly accounts  for  Board  approval  before  public  reporting,  execution  of  business  strategies  and  initiatives  adopted  by  the  Board, implementation of adequate internal control systems and risk management procedures and compliance with relevant statutory requirements, rules and regulations.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

No corporate governance committee has been established and the Board is delegated with the corporate governance functions under Code Provision C.3.1 of the Corporate Governance Code.

The Board, in carrying out its corporate governance functions, is responsible for (a) developing and reviewing the Company's policies  and  practices  on  corporate  governance;  (b)  reviewing  and  monitoring  the  training  and  continuous  professional development  of  Directors  and  senior  management;  (c)  reviewing  and  monitoring  the  Company's  policies  and  practices  on compliance  with  legal  and  regulatory  requirements;  (d)  developing,  reviewing  and  monitoring  the  code  of  conduct  and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees and Directors; and (e) reviewing the Company's compliance with the code and disclosure in this corporate governance report.

Details of backgrounds and qualifications of the Chairman and the other Directors are set out in the Report of the Directors. All Directors have given sufficient time and attention to the affairs of the Group. Each executive Director has sufficient experience, knowledge and execution ability to hold the position so as to carry out his or her duties effectively and efficiently. There is no relationship among the members of the Board.

During the Reporting Period, the Chairman kept a close relationship with all Directors to ensure steady exchange of information with them in the course of operation and decision-making.

The  executive  Directors  are  in  charge  of  different  areas  of  duty.  They  are  mainly  responsible  for  the  management  of  the Group's day-to-day operations such as production, operation and financial management, as well as research, technique and international relations of the Company.

All non-executive Directors are independent of the management and are in possession of solid experience in the business of the industry. These non-executive Directors provided significant advice and contribution to the development of the Company during the Reporting Period.

To ensure that independent views and input are available to the Board, the Company has established mechanisms including (i)  strengthening  the  independent  non-executive  Directors'  recruitment  process  to  include  criteria  such  as  each  candidates' available time commitments and qualification; (ii) reviewing the number of independent non-executive Directors on an annual basis; (iii) performing additional assessment or evaluation of independent non-executive Directors' contribution; and (iv) engage external independent professional advisors to assist performance of directors' duties). The Board reviews the implementation and effectiveness of the above mechanisms on an annual basis.

For the Report Period, the Board performed the following duties:

- (a) developed and reviewed the Company's policies and practices on corporate governance and made recommendations to the Board;
- (b) reviewed and monitored training and continuous professional development of the Directors and senior management;

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

- (c) reviewed and monitored the Company's policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;
- (d) developed, reviewed and monitored the code of conduct and compliance manual of the employees and Directors
- (e) reviewed whether an internal audit function is needed; and
- (f) reviewed  the  Company's  compliance  with  the  Corporate  Governance  Code  and  endorsed  the  annual  corporate governance report.

The Board fulfilled  the  minimum requirement of appointing at least one-third of the members of the Board as independent non-executive Directors. They have professional knowledge and extensive experience in science and technology, medical science and economics, which also conforms with the requirement of having one independent non-executive Director with appropriate qualification on professional accounting or financial management expertise. They are able to fully represent the interests of the Shareholders. The Board has received an annual confirmation of independence from each independent non-executive Director. The Company considers all of them to be independent from the Company in accordance with the guidelines set out in Rule 5.09 of the GEM Listing Rules as at the date of this report.

The Board's composition as at the date of this report under diversified perspectives is summarised as follows:

<!-- image -->

GENDER

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

AGE GROUP (YEARS OLD)

<!-- image -->

Directors

DIRECTORSHIP WITH THE COMPANY (YEARS OF SERVICE)

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Board considers that it has already achieved gender diversity. To develop a pipeline of potential successors to the Board to achieve gender diversity, the Company has adopted relevant hiring policies for considering candidates of senior management positions which would take into account diversity perspectives including gender diversity. As at 31 December 2022, the ratio of male and female in the workforce (including the senior management) is 87% and 13%, respectively. As such, the Company's workforce and the senior management have both achieved gender diversity between males and females. The Company would continue to take into account of diversity perspectives including gender diversity in its hiring.

In 2022, the Board held a total of eight meetings. The average attendance rate of Directors of the Company reached 88%. The details of the attendance rate of the Board and respective Directors are as follows:

| Date of meeting  Total  number of  Directors  Number of  Directors  present  Attendance rate  25 January 2022  7  7  100%  10 March 2022  7  7  100%  25 March 2022  7  6  86%  12 May 2022  7  7  100%  18 May 2022  7  5  71%  11 August 2022  7  7  100%  14 November 2022  7  7  100%  19 December 2022  7  5  71%  Name of Directors  Number of  meetings  attended  Mr. Wu Lebin (Chairman and executive Director)  8/8  Dr. Sun Zhe (Vice chairman and non-executive Director)  5/8  Mr. Lin Yanglin (Executive Director)  8/8  Ms. Cheng Yali (Non-executive Director)  6/8  Dr. Zheng Yongtang (Independent non-executive Director)  8/8  Mr. Ren Fujin (Independent non-executive Director) (resigned with effect from 12 February 2023)  8/8  Mr. Lu Qi (Independent non-executive Director)  8/8  Prof. Shen Jiangang (Independent non-executive Director) (appointed with effect on 23 February 2023)  0/0   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING AND EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING HELD IN 2022

The  2022  annual  general  meeting  of  the  Company  was  held  on  27  May  2022  in  Beijing,  PRC.  Details  of  the  Directors' attendance records of the meetings are as follows:

| Name of Directors  Annual general  meeting  27 May 2022  Mr. Wu Lebin (Chairman and executive Director)  1/1  Dr. Sun Zhe (Vice chairman and non-executive Director)  0/1  Mr. Lin Yanglin (Executive Director)  1/1  Ms. Cheng Yali (Non-executive Director)  1/1  Dr. Zheng Yongtang (Independent non-executive Director)  0/1  Mr. Ren Fujin (Independent non-executive Director) (resigned with effect from 12 February 2023)  1/1  Mr. Lu Qi (Independent non-executive Director)  1/1  Prof. Shen Jiangang (Independent non-executive Director) (appointed with effect from 23 February 2023)  0/0   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CHAIRMAN AND PRESIDENT

The  positions  of  the  Chairman  and  the  president  of  the  Group,  are  currently  held  by  Mr.  Wu  Lebin  and  Mr.  Chen  Peng, respectively, with clear distinction in responsibilities.

As  the  Chairman,  Mr.  Wu  Lebin  is  responsible  for  the  approval  and  supervision  of  the  overall  strategies  and  policies  of  the Group,  approval  of  annual  budgets  and  business  plans,  evaluation  of  the  Company's  performance  and  overseeing  of  the management. The other executive Director is responsible for the day-to-day operations of the Group.

Mr.  Chen  Peng,  being  the  president,  is  responsible  for  the  day-to-day  operations  of  the  Group,  implementation  of  business strategies, targets and plans formulated and adopted by the Board, and assuming accountability to the Board for the overall operation of the Group.

## DIRECTORS' SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Group has adopted a model code of conduct for dealing in the Company's securities by Directors, which was formulated in accordance with Rules 5.48 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules for the purpose of setting out the standards adopted by the Company for assessing the conduct of Directors in their dealings in the securities of the Company. Any violation of this code will be regarded as a violation of the GEM Listing Rules. The Company has confirmed, after making specific enquiries with the Directors, that all Directors have complied with the required standard of dealings as set out in the model code of conduct in relation to securities dealings by directors throughout the Reporting Period.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## BOARD COMMITTEES

The  Board  has  established  three  Board  committees,  namely  remuneration  committee  (the  'Remuneration  Committee'), nomination committee (the 'Nomination Committee') and audit committee (the 'Audit Committee') to oversee the particular aspect of the Company's affairs. The Board committees are provided with sufficient resources to discharge their duties.

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

The Remuneration Committee was established in accordance with the Code Provisions of the Corporate Governance Code with written terms of reference. The main duties of the Remuneration Committee are the determination of specific remuneration packages of all executive Directors, including benefits in kind, pension rights and compensation payments, any compensation payable for loss or termination of their office or appointment and making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of  non-executive  Directors.  The  Remuneration  Committee  should  consider  factors  such  as  salaries  paid  by  comparable companies,  time  commitment  and  responsibilities  of  the  Directors,  employment  conditions  elsewhere  in  the  Group  and feasibility of performance based remuneration.

During the Reporting Period, members of the Remuneration Committee included all independent non-executive Directors, Dr. Zheng Yongtang, Mr. Ren Fujin and Mr. Lu Qi, with Dr. Zheng Yongtang as the chairman of the Remuneration Committee. Following  Mr.  Ren  Fujin's  resignation  as  an  independent  non-executive  Director  on  12  February  2023,  he  ceased  to  be a  member  of  the  Remuneration  Committee  and  was  replaced  by  Prof.  Shen  Jiangang  following  his  appointment  as  an independent non-executive Director with effect on 23 February 2023.

The Remuneration Committee performed the following duties during the Year:

- -reviewed and made recommendations to the Board on the Company's policy and structure for all Directors' and senior management's remuneration and on the procedures for developing remuneration policy;
- -assessed the performance of executive Directors; and
- -reviewed and made recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of all Directors.

The Remuneration Committee meets regularly to determine, with delegated responsibility from the Board, the policy for the remuneration packages of individual Directors and senior management and assess the performance of executive Directors and senior management of the Company and approve terms of executive Directors's service contracts, if any. During the Reporting Period and prior to the publication of this report, the Remuneration Committee met once and the individual attendance of each member is set out below:

| Name of Directors  Number of  meetings attended  Dr. Zheng Yongtang  1/1  Mr. Ren Fujin (resigned with effect from 12 February 2023)  1/1  Mr. Lu Qi  1/1  Prof. Shen Jiangang (appointed with effect from 23 February 2023)  0/0   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Remuneration Committee has adopted the model under Code Provision E.1.2(c)(ii) for making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and senior management.

## REMUNERATION OF SENIOR MANAGEMENT

The remuneration of the members of the senior management by band for the year ended 31 December 2022 is set out below:

| ## Remuneration bands  Number of person(s)  RMB1,000,000 and under RMB1,000,001 and RMB2,000,000  2  1   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Further particulars regarding Directors' remuneration and the five highest paid employees are set out in notes 8 and 9 to the financial statements, respectively.

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

The Nomination Committee was established on 20 March 2012. The Nomination Committee is responsible for, including but not limited to, reviewing the structure, size, composition and diversity (including without limitation, gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service) of the Board and making recommendation  to  the  Board  on  selection  of  candidates  for  directorships.  In  addition,  the  Nomination  Committee  is  also responsible for (including but not limited to) (i) reviewing the policy for the nomination of Directors and to make disclosure of  the  summary of nomination policy in annual report of the Company annually; (ii) identifying individuals suitably qualified to  become  Board  members  and  select  or  make  recommendations  to  the  Board  on  the  selection  of  individuals  nominated for  directorships,  having  due  regard  for  the  board  diversity  policy  and  nomination  policy  of  the  Company;  (iii)  assessing  the independence of the independent non-executive Directors; (iv) making recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession planning for Directors, in particular the Chairman and the chief executive officer; and (v) reviewing the board diversity policy as appropriate and making recommendations on any required changes to the Board for  consideration  and  approval  and  monitor  its  implementation  so  as  to  ensure  its  effectiveness  and  make  disclosure  of  its summary and the progress of its implementation in the corporate governance report.

The Board has adopted the board diversity policy (the 'Board Diversity Policy') and the nomination policy (the 'Nomination Policy')  which  are  summarised  below  in  this  corporate  governance  report.  Under  the  Board  Diversity  Policy,  all  Board appointments  will  be  based  on  merit  and  candidates  will  be  considered  against  selection  criteria  based  on  a  range  of diversity perspectives, which would include but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service.

During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee comprised one executive Director, namely Mr. Wu Lebin, and three independent non-executive Directors, namely Dr. Zheng Yongtang, Mr. Ren Fujin and Mr. Lu Qi where Mr. Lu Qi is also the chairman of the Nomination Committee. Following Mr. Ren Fujin's resignation as an independent non-executive Director on 12 February 2023, Mr. Ren Fujin was replaced by Prof. Shen Jiangang, following his appointment as an independent non-executive Director with effect on 23 February 2023.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Nomination Committee held one meeting during the Year and prior to the publication of this report and performed the following duties:

- -reviewed the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board;
- -assessed the independence of the independent non-executive Directors;
- -reviewed re-appointments of the Directors;
- -reviewed succession planning for Directors;
- -nominated Board candidates for election/re-election by Shareholders at the annual general meeting; and
- -reviewed the implementation with measurable targets, progress and effectiveness of the Nomination Policy and the Board Diversity Policy

In carrying out its functions, the Nomination Committee met once during the Reporting Period and prior to the publication of this report. The attendance record of the said meeting is set out as follows:

| Name of Directors  Number of  meetings attended  Mr. Lu Qi  1/1  Dr. Zheng Yongtang  1/1  Mr. Wu Lebin  1/1  Mr. Ren Fujin (resigned with effect from 12 February 2023)  1/1  Prof. Shen Jiangang (appointed with effect from 23 February 2023)  0/0   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Nomination Policy

The Board has adopted the Nomination Policy on 8 January 2019 in relation to the nomination, appointment, re-appointment of  new  Directors  and  the  nomination  procedures  of  the  Company,  which  provides  that  in  evaluating  and  selecting  any candidate  for  directorship,  the  Nomination  Committee  shall  consider  the  candidates'  character  and  integrity,  professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience, independence, diversity on the Board, willingness to devote adequate time to discharge duties as a Board member and such other criteria that are appropriate to the business of the Company.

Under the Nomination Policy, new Directors are nominated under the following procedures:

- (i) if the Nomination Committee determines that an additional or replacement Director is required, it will utilize multiple channels  for  identifying  suitable  Director  candidates,  including  referral  from  Directors,  Shareholders,  management, advisors of the Company and external executive search firms; and
- (ii) having  interviewed  a  list  of  potential  candidates  compiled  from  different  sources,  the  Nomination  Committee  will select candidates and make recommendation based on the selection criteria and such other factors that it considers appropriate for consideration by the Board. The Board has the final authority on determining suitable candidate for appointment.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Under the Nomination Policy, existing Directors are re-elected under the following procedures:

- (i) where  a  retiring  Director,  being  eligible,  offers  himself  for  re-election,  the  Nomination  Committee  will  consider and,  if  it  is  appropriate  as  considered  by  the  Nomination  Committee,  the  Nomination  Committee  will  make  a recommendation to the Board for its consideration and approval for re-election at a general meeting; and
- (ii) a circular containing the requisite information on such retiring Director will be sent to Shareholders prior to a general meeting in accordance with the GEM Listing Rules.

Under the Nomination Policy, new Directors are nominated by Shareholders under the following procedures:

- (i) any Shareholder who wishes to nominate a person to stand for election as a Director at a general meeting must lodge with the company secretary of the Company after the day on which the notice of the Shareholders' general meeting is despatched and at least 7 days prior to the date of such meeting: (a) a written nomination of the candidate, (b) a written confirmation from such candidate of his/her willingness to stand for election and (c) biographical details of such candidate as required under Rule 17.50(2) of the GEM Listing Rules; and
- (ii) a supplementary circular will be sent to all of the Shareholders with particulars of the proposed candidate.

## Board Diversity Policy

The Board has adopted the revised Board Diversity Policy on 8 January 2019 in relation to the nomination and appointment of  new  Directors,  which  provides  that  the  selection  of  Board  candidates  shall  be  based  on  a  range  of  diversity  perspectives with reference to the Company's business model and specific needs, including but not limited to gender, age, race, language, cultural background, educational background, industry experience and professional experience.

The above measurements were also reviewed and adopted when the Nomination Committee reviewed the composition of the Board. The Board aims to have at least one female Director on the Board. After assessing the suitability of the Directors' skills and experience to the Company's business as well as other diversity perspectives such as gender, the Nomination Committee confirmed that the existing Board was appropriately structured and no change was required.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Company established the Audit Committee on 10 February 2006 in accordance with the requirements of the GEM Listing Rules.

The duties of the Audit Committee include (but not limited to):

1. supervising the accounting and financial reporting procedures and reviewing the financial statements of the Group;
2. studying  carefully  all  the  proceedings  proposed  by  the  qualified  accountant,  compliance  officers  and  auditors  of  the Group;
3. examining and monitoring the risk management and internal control systems of the Group and other major financial matters; and
4. reviewing the relevant work of the Group's external auditors.

Members of the Audit Committee possess high sense of responsibilities. They have contributed their time and efforts to ensure efficient operation and objectivity of the Board.

The Audit Committee met once every quarter during the Reporting Period and prior to the publication of this report to review the reporting of financial statements and other information to Shareholders, the effectiveness and objectivity of the internal control process and reviewed all the quarterly, half-yearly and annual results. The Audit Committee also provides an important link  between  the  Board  and  the  Company's  auditors  in  matters  that  arise  within  the  scope  of  its  terms  of  reference  and continues to review the independence and objectivity of the auditors.

During  the  Reporting  Period  and  prior  to  the  publication  of  this  report,  four  Audit  Committee  meetings  were  held  and  the individual attendance of each member is set out below:

| Name of Directors  Number of  meetings attended  Dr. Zheng Yongtang  4/4  Mr. Ren Fujin (resigned with effect from 12 February 2023)  3/3  Mr. Lu Qi  4/4  Prof. Shen Jiangang (appointed with effect from 23 February 2023)  1/1   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Audit  Committee  comprised  all  independent  non-executive  Directors,  namely  Dr.  Zheng Yongtang, Mr. Ren Fujin and Mr. Lu Qi, of which Dr. Zheng Yongtang is the chairman. Following Mr. Ren Fujin's resignation as an independent non-executive Director with effect on 12 February 2023, Mr. Ren Fujin was replaced by Prof. Shen Jiangang following his appointment as an independent non-executive Director with effect on 23 February 2023.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

For the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee performed the following duties:

- (i) reviewed the Group's annual results for 2022 and the Group's interim and quarterly results for 2022;
- (ii) reviewed the audit plans and findings of the external auditor;
- (iii) reviewed the internal control, risk management and financial matters pursuant to its terms of reference; and
- (iv) made recommendation to the Board on the re-appointment of the external auditor and its remuneration.

The Audit Committee will also meet with the auditor annually in the absence of management to discuss matters relating to any issues arising from audit and any other matters the auditor may wish to raise.

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr.  Tung  Woon  Cheung  Eric,  the  company  secretary  of  the  Company,  supports  the  Chairman,  the  Board  and  the  Board committees by ensuring good information flow and that Board policy and procedures are followed. Mr. Tung advises the Board on corporate governance matters and facilitates the induction and professional development of the Directors. The company secretary  is  an  employee  of  the  Company  and  is  appointed  by  the  Board.  Although  the  company  secretary  reports  to  the Chairman and the president of the Company, all Directors may call upon him for advice and assistance at any time in respect to their duties and the effective operation of the Board and Board committees. The company secretary also plays an essential role in the relationship between the Company and its Shareholders, including assisting the Board in discharging its obligations to Shareholders pursuant to the GEM Listing Rules.

Mr. Tung has confirmed that he has taken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training during the financial year.

## AUDITORS' REMUNERATION

The  Audit  Committee  is  responsible  for  considering  the  appointment  of  the  external  auditors  and  reviewing  any  non-audit services  performed  by  the  external  auditors,  including  whether  such  non-audit  services  could  lead  to  any  potential  material adverse impact on the Group. For the year ended 31 December 2022, auditors' remuneration for audit services is approximately RMB1,880,000.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## DIRECTORS' AND AUDITORS' RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors' responsibilities for the financial statements and the responsibilities of the external auditors to the Shareholders are set out on pages 52 to 53.

The  Directors  have  confirmed  that  the  preparation  of  the  Group's  financial  statements  is  in  compliance  with  the  relative regulations  and  applicable  accounting  standards.  As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Board  was  not  aware  of  any  material uncertainties  relating  to  events  or  conditions  which  may  cast  significant  doubt  upon  the  Company's  ability  to  continue  as  a going concern and accordingly prepared the accounts on the going concern basis. The Directors also promise that the Group's financial statements will be distributed in due course.

## DIVIDEND POLICY

The Board has adopted the 'Dividend Policy' on 8 January 2019 in recommending dividends, to allow the Shareholders to participate in the Company's profits and enable the Company to retain adequate reserves for future growth, which provides that subject to the approval of the Shareholders and requirement of the relevant law, the Company shall pay annual dividends to  the  Shareholders  if  the  Group  is  profitable,  operations  environment  is  stable  and  there  is  no  significant  investment  or commitment made by the Group.

## DIRECTORS' INDUCTION AND CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

An induction package covering the Group's businesses and the statutory and regulatory obligations of a director of a listed company is provided to each newly appointed director, if any. The Group also provides briefings and other trainings to develop and refresh the directors' knowledge and skills, and updates all directors on the regulatory requirements as necessary. During the Reporting Period, materials relating to various amendments to the GEM Listing Rules as well as new guidance letters and listing decisions were distributed to the Directors as part of their continuous professional development trainings.

| Directors  Attended training  courses/Reviewed  training materials  Mr. Wu Lebin  ✓  Mr. Lin Yanglin  ✓  Dr. Sun Zhe  ✓  Ms. Cheng Yali  ✓  Dr. Zheng Yongtang  ✓  Mr. Ren Fujin  ✓  Mr. Lu Qi  ✓   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT

The Board has the responsibility to maintain appropriate and effective internal control and risk management systems in order to safeguard the interest of the Group and the Shareholders, review and monitor the effectiveness of the internal control and risk management systems on a regular basis to ensure that the systems in place are adequate.

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Company  did  not  establish  a  standalone  internal  audit  department.  However,  the  Board  put in  place  adequate  measures  to  perform  the  internal  audit  function  in  relation  to  different  aspects  including  (i)  the  Board established formal arrangements to apply financial reporting and internal control principles in accounting and financial matters to  ensure  compliance  with  the  GEM  Listing  Rules  and  all  relevant  laws  and  regulations  and  (ii)  the  Company  engaged  an external consultant to perform an internal review on the scope determined by the Audit Committee. The Company considers that  the  existing  organization  structure  and  close  supervision  by  the  management  and  the  abovementioned  engagement  of the external consultant can maintain sufficient risk management and internal control of the Group. The Board will review the need to set  up  an  internal  audit  function  from  time  to  time  and  may  set  up  an  internal  audit  team  if  the  need  arises.  The Board convenes meetings on a regular basis to discuss financial, operational and compliance controls and risk management procedures and performs quarterly review on the Group's performance and internal control and risk management systems with the Audit Committee in order to ensure effective measures are in place to protect material assets and identify potential risks. During the Year, the Board conducted a review and assessment of the effectiveness of the Group's internal control and risk management systems and procedures by way of discussions with the management of the Group and members of the Audit Committee.  The  Board  believes  that  the  existing  internal  control  and  risk  management  systems  of  the  Group  are  adequate and effective. The Board has reviewed the resources, qualifications and experience of the staff of the Group's accounting and financial reporting function and their training schemes and budget and was satisfied with their adequacy.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Company has established a full-fledged risk management system for the Company to sort out the critical risks during the operation and management process in a comprehensive manner, and integrate risk management into all aspects of operation and  management  as  well  as  all  links  of  the  business  process  so  as  to  create  a  safe,  healthy,  effective  and  environmentally friendly working environment for its employees.

As an enterprise with diagnostic products as its principal business, the major risks that the Group may be exposed to include:

1. Industry policy risk: In engaging in the manufacturing and selling of diagnostic products (medical devices), relevant licenses granted by food and drug supervision and administration authorities must be obtained, and product quality is  subject  to  stringent  laws  and  regulations.  Although  the  enterprises  under  the  Group  that  are  engaged  in  the manufacturing and operation of principal diagnostic products and medical devices have already obtained the above licenses and approvals granted by food and drug supervision and administration authorities, however, the regulations over the production and sales of diagnostic products and medical devices may be adjusted by the state. If the Group fails to make corresponding adjustments and perfection, it will cause adverse impact on its production and operation.
2. Market  competition  risk:  Market  competition  is  ever  intensifying  due  to  huge  domestic  market  potential  where numerous  enterprises  are  having  a  foothold  in  the  IVD  and  market  concentration  is  low.  The  Group  adopts  the mainstream  model  of  'distribution  and  direct  selling  integration  with  distribution  as  priority'  in  its  product  sales process, and has developed nearly 500 distributors in China's 30 provinces and regions. With the continuous increase in  the  number of distributors, the Group finds it more and more difficult to provide distributors trainings, support, management and maintenance. To establish a mutually beneficial win-win mechanism with distributors, cultivate their loyalty to the Group and products and achieve the overall sales targets together, the Group will closely cooperate with distributors through providing product training, technical support, marketing activities and other services to reduce the risks caused by significant reforms and violation of laws and regulations by distributors.
3. Product  research  and  development  and  technology  substitution  risks:  The  IVD  industry  is  characterized  by  high technological  value,  high  personnel  quality  demand  and  long  cycle  for  research  and  development  as  well  as product registration, so it is necessary to increase investments in research and development, cultivate and introduce professionals to improve the Group's capability in scientific research. At the same time, sufficient argumentation need to be conducted on new research and development projects through external technology exchange to reduce the risk of possible replacement of currently-available know-how by the more advanced technology in the same industry, so as to remove the adverse impact on the sustainable development of the Group.
4. Quality control risk: The quality of IVD reagent and IVD instrument has a direct impact on the accuracy of medical diagnosis.  As  a  result,  the  state  sets  stringent  requirements  on  IVD  products  quality.  With  the  further  increase  in output, quality control has always been an issue of major concern to the Group. Once the products are improperly maintained or operated during production, transportation and other aspects, it will lead to quality problem incidents and  affects  the  Group's  reputation  and  brands.  The  Group  implemented  an  all-round  quality  control  in  product design,  raw  materials  procurement,  product  manufacturing  and  sales  as  well  as  after-sales  services  according  to the  requirements  of  ISO9001:  2008  and  ISO13485:  2003  quality  management  systems.  The  Company  prepared a  comprehensive  quality  management  system  with  Quality  Manual （ 《品質手冊》 ） as  its  core,  and  had  passed  the certification of third-party authority, so as to enable the entire process of its products (from raw materials incoming inspection to manufacturing and operation and after-sales service) is effectively under control. During the Reporting Period, there was no major quality problem.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

5. Risk of key technical staff loss: The Group is one of the enterprises with the longest history in domestic IVD industry. The key factor for maintaining its competitive edge is that the Group owns a stable and high quality talented team. The Group firmly believes that staff is crucial in an enterprise's development. The Group recruits and employs staff openly  in  strict  compliance  with  the  requirements  of  laws  and  regulations  and  enters  into  labor  contracts  with  all employees  to  assure  their  legitimate  interests  in  accordance  with  laws.  While  strengthening  their  development internally  and  promoting  staff's  skills,  the  Group  is  also  actively  soliciting  external  excellent  talents  to  enrich  the already  competitive  enterprise  talent  team.  The  Group  provides  newly-employed  staff  with  informative  induction training  and  offers  them  flexible,  diversified  and  pragmatic  business  trainings.  The  Group  sets  up  position  and salary  levels  of  every  employee  based  on  his/her  position  by  comprehensively  assessing  job  category,  work  nature, responsibilities,  job  qualifications  and  other  factors.  The  salary  level  is  determined  in  accordance  with  the  staff's knowledge and skills,  work  performance  and  overall  performance.  The  Group  makes  active  exploration  in  cultural development, and creates convenient conditions in work and life, especially in physical examination, settling down and holidays and festivals, aiming at enhancing staff's sense of belongings.
6. Investment and mergers and acquisitions risk: The Group integrates its industry resources through various means such as foreign investment as well as mergers and acquisitions to enhance its core competitiveness and achieve scalable effect. The Group will learn from lessons whole-heartedly and will strictly comply with the Interim Measures for the Administration of Foreign Investment （《對外投資管理暫行辦法》） to  further  strengthen  the  due  diligence  and research and argumentation before investing. Post investment stringent control will be strengthened to enable shareparticipating corporations to achieve synergy with the Group in terms of operation, management and other aspects, striving to enable target enterprises to meet the performance index within a relatively short period of time, so as to achieve the Group's strategic layout and reduce investment failure risk.
7. Account  receivables  risk:  With  the  increasing  efforts  in  market  expansion  and  the  continuous  expansion  of  sales size,  the  amount in the Group's account receivables is also increasing accordingly. Hence, the bad debt risk arising therefrom is also the same. The relevant business department of the Group has taken measures to improve the frontend  control  of  account  receivables  and  maintains  it  at  a  reasonable  level,  strengthens  the  daily  management  and collection of account receivables and takes remedial actions as early as possible when risks occurred. It turns out that risk prevention is very effective if methods are appropriate and measures are strong.
8. Force majeure risk: Serious natural disasters and sudden public health incidents will cause damages to the Group's property and staff and may affect the Group's normal production and operation. The Group has set up corresponding emergency mechanisms and systems to cope with abrupt incidents, which can assure quick responses to make the Group's  risk  in  production  and  operation  activities  controllable.  The  Company  set  up  miniature  fire  station  that equipped  with  part-time  firemen  as  well  as  equipment  and  facilities.  In  2022,  the  Group  conducted  one  fire  drill, which proved that quick response is achievable and safeguarding the safety of corporate personnel and property.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

In  conclusion,  in  facing  the  above  risks,  the  Group  has  three  defense  lines  in  place  from  top  to  bottom,  namely,  business departments,  senior  management  team  and  the  Board  and  the  Supervisory  Committee,  which  are  being  set  up  based  on corporate  governance  structure  and  according  to  possible  occurrence  and  development.  We  will  fulfill  the  responsibilities  in risk  identification,  response,  management  and  supervision  from  different  aspects  and  to  understand  in  time  the  changes  of national laws and regulation and policies, so as to earnestly control, prevent, allow whistle-blowing and resolve all kinds of risks through measures of compliance operation, continuous monitoring and effective supervision. The dedicated internal auditors are  in  place  in  Quality  Control  Center,  Finance  Department  and  Engineering  Department  according  to  the  actual  needs  of the  Company. They perform their internal auditing responsibilities  through  measures  such  as  important  activities  are  subject to  stringent  review  and  approval  procedures  and  important  contracts  are  subject  to  lawyer  review.  In  2022,  the  Company's internal personnel and externally engaged intermediaries conducted economic accountability audits on subsidiaries. Operating risks were comprehensively audited through quarterly and half-year operation analysis meetings by the Group's members and conducting operation review meetings on respective subsidiary separately. By conducting special examination on certain highrisk  segments,  such  as  marketing,  procurement,  accounts  receivables  and  instrument  maintenance,  we  aim  to  promote  the compliance  operation  of  the  Group's  subsidiaries.  We  also  take  corresponding  rectification  measures  in  a  timely  manner  to prevent possible risks. During the Reporting Period, no major or important omissions and defects were discovered, confirming the effectiveness of the above measures. In 2023, the Group will amend the relevant systems and establish a more reasonable organisation structure and internal auditing structure in accordance with the overall operation objectives and key works and based on the needs of risk management, so as to enable the internal audit and control over the risks during daily operating activities is practical and more effective.

## RELATIONSHIP WITH THE INVESTORS

The Group has made great efforts to establish a long-term relationship with Shareholders and investors with an open-mind, an adherence to the principles of integrity, regularity, high transparency and disclose the required information in compliance with GEM Listing Rules. Since the commencement of its preparation for listing, the Group has kept enhancing its transparency to provide investors precise and real-time information through various communication channels, including investor presentation, one-to-one conversations, road shows, seminars, press conferences, press releases, and contacts with media, analysts and fund managers. Every year, the Directors hold the annual general meeting to meet the Shareholders and respond to their questions.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

There has not been any significant amendments to the Articles of Association during the Reporting Period up to the date of this report.

## Shareholders Communication Policy

The  objective  of  the  shareholders'  communication  policy  ensures  that  Shareholders  are  informed  of  balanced  and understandable  information  about  the  Company  (including  the  Group's  strategies,  businesses,  major  developments  and financial  performance)  in  a  factual  and  timely  manner  and  to  enable  them  to  exercise  their  rights  as  Shareholders  in  an informed manner. The Company aims to be open and transparent with its Shareholders and encourages Shareholders' active participation  at  the  Company's  general  meetings.  Information  would  be  communicated  to  the  Shareholders  mainly  through the Company's corporate communications (such as interim and annual reports, announcements and circulars), annual general meetings and other general meetings, as well as disclosure on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange. Quarterly reports, interim reports, annual reports and circulars are sent to the Shareholders in a timely manner and are also available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange. The Company's and the Stock Exchange's websites provide Shareholders with  the  corporate  information.  Shareholders  are  provided  with  contact  details  of  the  Company  as  set  out  in  the  above paragraph and under 'contact us' information on the Company's website at zhongsheng.com.cn in order to enable them to make any query that they may have with respect to the Company. They can also send their enquiries to the Board through these  means.  In  addition,  Shareholders  can  contact  Tricor  Standard  Limited,  the  Hong  Kong  branch  share  registrar  of  the Company, if they have any enquiries about their shareholdings and entitlements to dividend.

The Company's annual general meeting allows the Directors to meet and communicate with the Shareholders. The Company ensures  that  Shareholders'  views  are  communicated  to  the  Board.  The  chairman  of  the  annual  general  meeting  proposes separate resolutions for each issue to be considered. Annual general meeting proceedings are reviewed from time to time to ensure that the Company follows good corporate governance practices. The notice of the annual general meeting is distributed to  all  Shareholders  at  least  45  clear  days  prior  to  the  annual  general  meeting  and  the  accompanying  circular  also  sets  out details of each proposed resolution and other relevant information as required under the GEM Listing Rules. Separate resolution is proposed for each issue to be considered at the meeting. The chairman of the annual general meeting exercises his power under the Articles of Association to put each proposed resolution to the vote by way of a poll. The procedures for demanding and conducting a poll are explained at the meeting prior to the polls being taken. Voting results are posted on the Company's website on the day of the annual general meeting.

After taking into account that the Shareholders have multiple channels to communicate their views as mentioned above as well as the steps taken by the Board to solicit and understand the views of Shareholders and stakeholders during the year ended 31 December 2022 including but not limited to open discussion with the Shareholders during the annual general meeting, the Board's review of the implementation and effectiveness of the shareholders' communication policy was found to be sound and adequate.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CONVENING OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING ON REQUISITION BY SHAREHOLDERS

Any two or more Shareholders holding 10% or more of the shares carrying the right to vote may, by signing one or more counterpart requisitions stating the object of the meeting, require the Board to convene an extraordinary general meeting or a class meeting. The Board shall as soon as possible proceed to do so. The relevant shareholdings of the Shareholders shall be calculated as at the date of delivery of the requisitions. If the Board fails to issue a notice for such a meeting within 30 days from the date of receipt of the requisition, the requisitionists may themselves convene an extraordinary general meeting in a manner as nearly as possible to the manner in which meetings are to be convened by the Board, provided that any meeting so convened shall not be convened after the expiration of four months from the date of receipt of the requisition by the Board.

Any reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionists by reason of the failure of the Directors duly to convene a meeting shall be borne by the Company and shall be set off against any sums owed to the Directors in default by the Company.

## PROCEDURES FOR PUTTING FORWARD PROPOSALS AT GENERAL MEETINGS

Any Shareholder who wishes to put forward proposals at general meetings of the Company shall submit such proposals to the Board in writing for the Board's consideration not less than 10 business days prior to the date of a general meeting through the company secretary whose contact details are set out in the paragraph 'Procedures for directing Shareholders' enquiries to the Board' below.

## PROCEDURES FOR DIRECTING SHAREHOLDERS' ENQUIRIES TO THE BOARD

Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns to the Board in writing through the company secretary of the Company whose contact details are as follows:

The Company Secretary 66th Floor Central Plaza, 18 Harbour Road Wanchai, Hong Kong Fax No.: (852) 2108 4001

The company secretary of the Company shall forward the Shareholders' enquiries and concerns to the Board and/or the relevant Board committees of the Company and where appropriate, respond to such enquiries.

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

The  Directors  present  their  report  and  the  audited  financial  statements  of  the  Company  and  the  Group  for  the  year  ended 31 December 2022.

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND BUSINESS REVIEW

The Group is principally  engaged in the manufacture, sale and distribution of IVD reagent products. Details of the principal activities of the principal subsidiaries are set out in note 1 to the financial statements.

Further discussion and analysis as required by Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance, including a fair review of the business and a discussion of the principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group, particulars of important events affecting the Group that have occurred since the end of the financial year ended 31 December 2021 and an indication of likely future development in the Group's business, are set out in the 'Chairman's Statement', 'Management Discussion and Analysis' and 'Corporate Governance Report' sections of this report. The above sections form part of this report of the Directors.

## RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS

The Group's profits for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the state of affairs of the Group as at that date are set out in the financial statements on pages 54 to 133.

The Board does not recommend the payment of any dividend for the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: Nil).

## SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION

A summary of the published results and assets, liabilities and equity of the Group for the last five financial years, as extracted from  the  audited  financial  statements,  is  set  out  on  page  134.  This  summary  does  not  form  part  of  the  audited  financial statements.

## PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Company and the Group during the Year are set out in note 12 to the financial statements.

## SHARE CAPITAL

The annual change in the Company's issued share capital is set out in note 29 to the financial statements.

## PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or the Company Law of the PRC which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro rata basis to its existing Shareholders.

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

## PURCHASE, REDEMPTION OR SALE OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY

Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, redeemed or sold any of the Company's listed securities during the Year.

## RESERVES

Details of movements in the reserves of the Company and the Group during the Year are set out in note 40 to the financial statements and in the consolidated statement of changes in equity, respectively.

## DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

Retained profit of the Company, as at 31 December 2022, amounted to approximately RMB16,447,000. Details of movements in the reserves of the Company during the Year are set out in note 40 to the financial statements.

## COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

As far as the Board is aware, the Group complied with all material respects with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the business and operations of the Group during the Year.

## MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

During the Year, sales to the Group's five largest customers of RMB151 million, accounted for 40.5% of the total revenue for the Year, in which sales to the largest customer amounted to RMB50 million, accounted for 13.4% of the toal revenue for the Year. Purchases from the Group's five largest suppliers of RMB75 million, accounted for 36.8% of the total purchases for the Year, in which purchases from the largest supplier amounted to RMB41 million, accounted for 20.1% of total purchase for the Year. None of the Directors or any of their close associates or any Shareholders (which, to the best knowledge of the Directors, own more than 5% of the number of issued shares of the Company) had any beneficial interest in the Group's five largest customers.

## DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS

The Directors and supervisors of the Company during the Year are as follows:

## CHAIRMAN AND EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR:

Mr. Wu Lebin

## VICE CHAIRMAN AND EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR:

Mr. Lin Yanglin

## VICE CHAIRMAN AND NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR:

Dr. Sun Zhe

## NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR:

Ms. Cheng Yali

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS:

Dr. Zheng Yongtang Mr. Ren Fujin (resigned with effect from 12 February 2023) Mr. Lu Qi

Prof. Shen Jiangang (appointed with effect from 23 February 2023)

## SUPERVISORS:

Mr. Zhou Jie

Dr. Shen Sheng

Ms. Ren Junhe

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The Company received from the independent non-executive Directors annual confirmations of their independence pursuant to Rule 5.09 of the GEM Listing Rules and as at the date of this report, the Board considers each of them to be independent.

## EMOLUMENTS OF DIRECTORS AND HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS

Details of emoluments of Directors and the five non-director/supervisor, highest paid individuals are set out in notes 8 and 9 to the financial statements.

## DIRECTORS', SUPERVISORS' AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT'S BIOGRAPHIES

Biographical details of the Directors and supervisors of the Company and the senior management of the Group are set out on pages 45 to 49 of this report.

## DIRECTORS' AND SUPERVISORS' SERVICE CONTRACTS

Each of the Directors and supervisors (including the non-executive Directors, the independent non-executive Directors and the supervisors) entered into a service contract or letter of appointment with the Company for a term of three years commencing from various dates of their respective appointments.

Apart from the foregoing, no Director or supervisor had entered into or had proposed to enter into any service contract with the  Company  which  is  not  determinable  by  the  Company  within  one  year  without  payment  of  compensation,  other  than statutory compensation.

## DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION

The Directors' fees are subject to the Shareholders' approval at the annual general meeting. Other emoluments are determined by the Board with reference to Directors' duties, responsibilities and performance and the results of the Group.

## DIRECTORS' INTEREST IN CONTRACTS

No Director had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any contract of significance to the business of the Group to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party during the Year.

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

## DIRECTORS', SUPERVISORS' AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S INTERESTS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  interests  of  the  Directors,  supervisors  or  chief  executive  of  the  Company  in  the  shares  and underlying shares of the Company or any associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance  (Chapter  571  of  the  Laws  of  Hong  Kong)  (the  'SFO')),  as  recorded  in  the  register  required  to  be  kept  by  the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise required pursuant to Rules 5.46 to 5.68 of the GEM Listing Rules to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange, were as follows:

## LONG POSITIONS IN SHARES OF THE COMPANY

| Name  Number of  the Company's  domestic  shares held  Percentage of  the Company's  domestic  shares  Number of  the Company's  H shares  held  Percentage of  the Company's  H shares  Percentage of  the Company's  total registered  share capital  Mr. Wu Lebin  3,500,878  4.35%  -  -  2.42%  Mr. Zhou Jie  150,000  0.19%  -  -  0.10%  Mr. Chen Peng  11,330,334  14.09%  -  -  7.83%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2022, none of the Directors, supervisors or chief executive of the Company had registered an interest or short position in the shares and underlying shares of the Company or any of its associated corporations that was required to be recorded pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Rules 5.46 to 5.68 of the GEM Listing Rules.

## DIRECTORS' AND SUPERVISORS' RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

None of the Directors or supervisors or their respective associates (as defined under the GEM Listing Rules) was granted by the Company or its subsidiaries any rights or options to acquire any shares in or debentures of the Company or had exercised any such rights as at 31 December 2022.

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS' AND OTHER PERSONS' INTERESTS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES

As  at  31  December  2022,  as  far  as  is  known  to  any  Directors  and  supervisors,  other  than  the  interest  of  the  Directors, supervisors  and  chief  executive  of  the  Company  as  disclosed  under  the  section  headed  'Directors',  Supervisors'  and  Chief Executive's Interests in Shares and Underlying Shares' above, the following persons had interests in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange:

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

## LONG POSITIONS IN SHARES OF THE COMPANY

| Name  Capacity and  nature of interest  Number of  the Company's shares held  Percentage of  the Company's  respective type of shares  Percentage of  the Company's  total registered  capital  Domestic  shares  H shares  Domestic  shares  H shares  Beijing Pusai Asset Management  Co., Ltd  Directly beneficially owned  31,308,576  -  38.93%  0.00%  21.64%  Beijing Enterprises Holdings Limited  (Note 1)  Directly beneficially owned  -  27,256,143  0.00%  42.40%  18.84%  Beijing Enterprises Group  Company Limited  (Note 1)  Through controlled  corporation  -  27,256,143  0.00%  42.40%  18.84%  Yunnan Shengneng Investment  Partnership (Limited Partnership)  (Note 2)  Directly beneficially  owned  10,939,314  6,780,000  13.60%  10.55%  12.24%  Mr. Li Yangyixiong  (Note 2)  Through controlled  corporation  10,939,314  6,780,000  13.60%  10.55%  12.24%  Mr. Li Yangyixiong  Directly beneficially  owned  1,050,263  -  1.31%  -  0.73%  Ms. Chen Chen (Note 2)  Through controlled  corporation  10,939,314  6,780,000  13.60%  10.55%  12.24%  Mr. Chen Zhaoyang (Note 2)  Through controlled  corporation  10,939,314  6,780,000  13.60%  10.55%  12.24%  Jingning Guoke Kangyi Enterprise  Management Center LLP (Note 3)  Directly beneficially  owned  11,330,334  -  14.09%  -  7.83%  Sichuan Zhongsheng Medical  Instrument Co., Ltd.  (Note 4)  Directly beneficially  owned  10,000,000  -  12.43%  -  6.91%  Mr. Chen Zhengyong (Note 4)  Through controlled  corporation  10,000,000  -  12.43%  -  6.91%  Chung Shek Enterprises  Company Limited  Directly beneficially owned  -  3,800,000  0.00%  5.91%  2.63%  K.C. Wong Education Foundation  Through controlled  -  3,800,000  0.00%  5.91%  2.63%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

1. Beijing  Enterprises  Group  Company  Limited  is  the  ultimate  holding  company  of  Beijing  Enterprises  Holdings  Limited. Accordingly, it is deemed to be interested in the H shares owned by Beijing Enterprises Holdings Limited pursuant to the SFO.
2. The  interests  of  Yunan  Shengneng  Investment  Partnership  (Limited  Partnership)  ('Yunan  Shengneng')  were  owned  as  to 34% by Mr. Li Yangyixiong, 33% by Ms. Chen Chen and 33% by Mr. Chen Zhaoyang. Accordingly, Mr. Li Yangyixiong, Ms. Chen Chen and Mr. Chen Zhaoyang were deemed to be interested in the H shares and the domestic shares owned by Yunan Shengneng pursuant to the SFO.
3. The interests of Jingning Guoke Kangyi Enterprise Management Center LLP ('Jingning Guoke') were owned as to 99.5% by Mr. Chen Peng, the president of the Company. Accordingly, Mr. Chen Peng is deemed to be interested in the domestic shares owned by Jingning Guoke pursuant to the SFO.
4. The equity interests of Sichuan Zhongsheng Medical Instrument Co., Ltd. ('Sichuan Zhongsheng') were owned as to 75.35% by  Mr.  Chen  Zhengyong.  Accordingly,  Mr.  Chen  Zhengyong  is  deemed  to  be  interested  in  the  domestic  shares  owned  by Sichuan Zhongsheng pursuant to the SFO.

corporation

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

Save as disclosed above, as far as is known to any Directors or supervisors, as at 31 December 2022, no person, other than the Directors, supervisors and chief executive of the Company, whose interests are set out in the section 'Directors', Supervisors' and  Chief  Executive's  Interests  in  Shares  and  Underlying  Shares'  above,  had  interests  or  short  positions  in  the  shares  or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.

## SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Rule 11.23(7) of the GEM Listing Rules requires that at least 25% of the issuer's total number of issued shares must at all times be held by the public. In the case of the Company, shares held by the public include H shares (but not domestic shares) not held by connected persons (as defined in the GEM Listing Rules) of the Company.

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  total  number  of  issued  shares  of  the  Company  held  by  other  Shareholders  who  were  not connected  persons  of  the  Company  was  above  25%  of  the  total  number  of  issued  shares  of  the  Company.  As  such,  the Company has satisfied the public float requirement.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Company has always valued the superiority, steadiness and rationality of having a sound system of corporate governance.

For  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Company  complied  with  all  Code  Provisions  and,  where  appropriate,  adopted the recommended best practices set out in the Corporate Governance Code, with the exception of Code Provision D.2.5 as addressed below.

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

## Code Provision D.2.5

Code Provision D.2.5 states that the Company should have an internal audit function. Based on the size and simple operating structure of the Group as well as the internal control processes, the Group decided not to set up an internal audit department for the time being. However, the Board has put in place adequate measures to perform the internal audit function in relation to different aspects including (i) the Board has established formal arrangements to apply financial reporting and internal control principles  in  accounting  and  financial  matters  to  ensure  compliance  with  the  GEM  Listing  Rules  and  all  relevant  laws  and regulations and (ii) the Company engaged an external consultant to perform an internal review on the scope determined by the Audit Committee. The Company considers that the existing organization structure and close supervision by the management and the abovementioned engagement of the external consultant can maintain sufficient risk management and internal control of the Group. The Board will review the need to set up an internal audit function from time to time and may set up an internal audit team if the need arises.

## COMPETING INTERESTS

During  the  Year  and  up  to  the  date  of  this  report,  none  of  the  Directors,  Supervisors,  the  controlling  Shareholders  of  the Company  and  their  respective  close  associates  (as  defined  in  the  GEM  Listing  Rules)  has  an  interest  in  any  business  that competes or may compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group, nor any conflicts of interest which has or may have with the Group.

## MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

During the Year, there was no contract entered into by the Company relating to the management and administration of the entire or any substantial part of the business of the Group.

## PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

At no time during the Year and up to the date of this report, there was or is, any permitted indemnity provision being in force for the benefit of any of the Directors (whether made by the Company or otherwise) or an associated company (if made by the Company).

## MATERIAL EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

On  17  March  2023,  a  substantial  shareholder  of  the  Company,  Beijing  Enterprises  Holdings  Limited  ('Beijing  Enterprises') decided to transfer all of its 27,256,143 H shares (representing 18.84% of the total number of issued shares of the Company) to transferees who are not related to each other by way of public solicitation of transferees. Upon completion of this transfer, there will be no change of control in the Company. As at the date of this report, the transfer has not been completed.

## AUDITORS

Ernst  &amp;  Young  will  retire  and  a  resolution  for  their  reappointment  as  auditors  of  the  Company  will  be  proposed  at  the forthcoming annual general meeting.

ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD

## Wu Lebin

Chairman

Beijing, the PRC 31 March 2023

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

## REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE

To all Shareholders,

Since  the  establishment  of  the  Company,  the  supervisory  committee  of  the  Company  (the  'Supervisory  Committee')  has carried  out  its  duties  in  accordance  with  the  Articles  of  Association  and  relevant  requirements.  It  has  performed  effective supervision, through the inspection of relevant documents and attending meetings of the Board, on resolutions made by the Board  to  ensure  that  they  are  in  compliance  with  the  relevant  laws  and  regulations,  the  Articles  of  Association  and  in  the best interests of the Shareholders. Such resolutions are made in a manner to ensure the Shareholders' interests and long-term development of the Company.

The Supervisory Committee is in the opinion that the decision-making process of the Board is in compliance with the Articles of Association and operating norms.

The  Supervisory  Committee  considers  that  the  Company's  2022  financial  statements  reflected  a  true  and  fair  view  of  the financial  position  and  operating  results  of  the  Company.  The  unqualified  opinion  expressed  in  the  auditors'  report  issued  by Ernst &amp; Young is objective and fair.

The  Supervisory  Committee  will  strictly  observe  the  Articles  of  Association  and  the  relevant  requirements  in  2023  to  better discharge its duty, including securing the Shareholders' interests.

The Fifth Supervisory Committee of Biosino Bio-Technology and Science Incorporation

## Zhou Jie

Chairman of the Supervisory Committee

Beijing, the PRC 31 March 2023

## DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD

Mr. Wu Lebin （吳樂斌先生） ,  aged 61, is the Chairman, an executive Director and the legal representative of the Company. Mr. Wu Lebin graduated from the Jiangxi Medical College with a bachelor's degree in Medicine in 1983 and from the Graduate University of CAS with a master's degree in science in 1988. He also completed an EMBA study program jointly offered by the University of Wisconsin of the United States and the Graduate University of CAS in 2002. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Wu served as the deputy director and the director in the CAS and the deputy director in IBP of CAS successively. He possesses over 20 years of experience in research management, technology development, administration and corporate management. Mr. Wu joined the Company in 2001. He was the president of the Company since 2003 and has acted as the Chairman since 2006 and resigned the concurrent post of president in July 2014. He served as the secretary of the Party committee in the Corporate of CAS and as the chairman of the Board in the Chinese Academy of Sciences Holdings Co., Ltd. from June 2014 to October 2019. On 4 December 2019, he again served as the president of the Company and resigned in August 2020.

## VICE CHAIRMAN AND EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

Mr. Lin Yanglin （林楊林先生） , aged 41, is an executive Director. He obtained his bachelor's degree in Economics and a master degree in finance from the University of International Business and Economics （對外經濟貿易大學） in  September 2000 and July 2006, respectively. He served as the chairman of the postgraduates student union of University of International Business and Economics. From July 2006 to October 2009, Mr. Lin Yanglin worked at the Beijing branch of Hongkong Shanghai Banking Corporation. From October 2009 to September 2013, Mr. Lin Yanglin worked at the Beijing branch of the Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited. Mr. Lin was the chief executive officer of Beijing Peking University Healthcare Industry Fund Management Co. Ltd. （北京北大醫療產業基金管理有限公司） from October 2013 to January 2016. Mr. Lin has over 15 years of experience in investment and corporate management. Mr. Lin joined the Company in August 2020 as the president. Mr. Lin resigned as the president and was appointed as an executive Director and a vice chairman of the Company in December 2021.

## VICE CHAIRMAN AND NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

Dr. Sun Zhe （孫哲博士） ,  aged 48, is a non-executive Director and the vice chairman of the Company. Dr. Sun is currently a director and an associate researcher of the Science and Technology Cooperation and Achievement Transformation Division in IBP. He obtained a doctorate degree of biochemistry from the University of Heidelberg, Germany. His research works include the construction of a cellular level drug screening model and its application, transmembrane endocytosis mechanism for immune responses, cellular endocytosis transportation mechanism, structure and function of membrane protein and protein complex, precision medicine and big data application, detection of major social disease and major biosecurity issues and the construction of government standard. Dr. Sun joined the Company in September 2018.

## DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

Ms. Cheng Yali （程亞利女士） ,  aged  61,  is  a  non-executive  Director  of  the  Company.  Since  January  1993,  Ms.  Cheng  has worked in the finance department of IBP of CAS and is now a senior accountant. She is mainly responsible for the fund raising, application, management, supervision and control of the capital, provides stronger capital assurance of sound development of businesses and the efficient functioning of the Institute, and the financial management of a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Institute, Beijing Pusai Asset Management Company （北京普賽資產經營公司） . Ms. Cheng joined the Company in September 2018.

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Dr.  Zheng  Yongtang （鄭永唐博士） ,  aged  61,  is  an  independent  non-executive  Director.  He  is  a  research  associate  and a  doctoral  student  advisor  of  Kunming  Institute  of  Zoology  of  the  CAS* （中國科學院昆明動物研究所） ('KIZ').  Dr.  Zheng obtained a bachelor's degree in Medicine from Jiangxi Medical College* （江西醫學院） in  1983, a master's degree in cellular immunology  and  a  doctorate  degree  in  viral  immunology  from  KIZ  in  1989  and  1997,  respectively.  Dr.  Zheng  has  been engaging in immunology and virology research for a long period of time. Dr.  Zheng  undertakes  over  30  projects  of  various scientific research projects, such as National Science and Technology Major Project, National 973 and 863 projects and National Natural Science Foundation etc. Dr. Zheng Yongtang joined the Company in May 2015.

Mr. Ren Fujin （任孚今先生） , aged 58, is an independent non-executive Director. Mr. Ren is a senior economist. He obtained a  bachelor's  degree  in  Chemical  Engineering  from  Tiangong  University （天津工業大學） in  1986.  Mr.  Ren  has  over  30  years of  experience  in  investment  industry  and  served  as  the  president  of  Wanguo  Leasing  Company* （萬國租賃公司） ,  the vice  president  of  Shantou  Hongye  (Group)  Co.,Ltd.* （汕頭宏業集團股份公司） ,  the  president  of  Beijing  Lingyou  Capital Management  Company  Limited* （北京領優資本管理有限公司） and  the  deputy  general  manager  of  Zhengtai  International Investment Group* （正太國際投資集團） .  He  is  currently  the  chairman  of  the  board  of  directors  of  ORYX  Biotech  Holdings Inc., the chairman of the board of directors of Yatai Energy Investment Company Limited* （亞太能源投資有限公司） and the president of Zhuhai Tianfu Rongyi Energy Fund Management Company Limited* （珠海天賦融億能源基金管理有限公司） . Mr. Ren resigned as an independent non-executive director in February 2023.

Mr.  Lu  Qi （陸琪先生） ,  aged  42,  is  an  independent  non-executive  Director.  He  obtained  his  Bachelor  of  Law  degree  from Central  University  of  Finance  and  Economics （中央財經大學） from September 1999 to July 2003 and a Master of Civil and Commercial  Law  degree  from  Central  University  of  Finance  and  Economics （中央財經大學） in  June  2009.  He  is  currently  a doctorate student at Finance at Northeastern University （東北大學） .  From August 2003 to October 2011, he worked at the Zhejiang Branch of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China （中國工商銀行銀行浙江省分行） and Zhejiang Branch of China Development Bank （國家開發銀行浙江省分行） . In September 2011, he worked at China Economic System Reform Research Association （中國經濟體制改革研究會） . He has acted as deputy director at the Internet and New Economy Committee （互聯 網和新經濟專業委員會） since 2019. Mr. Lu joined the Company in May 2021.

## DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Prof. Shen Jiangang （沈劍剛教授） , aged 59, has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director with effect from 23 February 2023. Prof. Shen acted as a professor and chairman of the Departmental Research Postgraduate Committee at School of Chinese Medicine of The University of Hong Kong since February 2022. From July 2014 to February 2020, Prof. Shen acted  as  a  professor  and  associate  director  (research)  of  School  of  Chinese  Medicine  at  The  University  of  Hong  Kong.  From January 2013 to July 2014, Prof. Shen acted as a professor and assistant director (research) of School of Chinese Medicine at The University of Hong Kong. From November 2005 to January 2007, Prof. Shen acted as an assistant professor at School of Chinese Medicine of The Chinese University of Hong Kong. From August 2004 to December 2005, Prof. Shen served as an assistant professor (research) at College of Pharmacy, Health Science Center, University of New Mexico in the United States of America (the 'United States'). From September 2001 to September 2004, Prof. Shen served as a research assistant professor at the Department of Medicine of The University of Hong Kong. From August 1999 to September 2001, Prof. Shen was employed as  a  research  scientist  at  National  EPR  Center,  Department  of  Radiology  at  Dartmouth  Medical  School  in  the  United  States. From July 1995 to July 1998, Prof. Shen acted as an associate professor and associate director at Institute of Chinese Medicine, Nan-Fang Hospital, First Military Medical University (currently known as Southern Medical University) in China. From July 1990 to July 1995, Prof. Shen was a lecturer at Institute of Chinese Medicine, Nan-Fang Hospital, First Military Medical University in China. Prof. Shen joined the Company in February 2023.

## SUPERVISORS

Mr.  Zhou  Jie （周潔先生） ,  aged  61,  is  the  chairman  of  the  Supervisory  Committee  of  the  Company.  Mr.  Zhou  completed a  professional  course  in  politics  in  Beijing  Open  University  in  1988  and  graduated  from  Renmin  University  of  China  with a  master's  degree  in  Business  Administration  in  2004.  Mr.  Zhou  joined  Zhong  Sheng  Biochemical  Reagent  Technology Development  Corporation* （中生生化試劑技術開發公司） ('Biosino  Biochemical',  the  predecessor  of  the  Company)  in 1990 and worked in Chengdu Office, responsible  for  the  sales  of  the  southwestern  region  of  the  PRC.  He  then  worked  in the marketing department of the Company as a department manager, fully responsible for the sales function. In April 2001, Biosino Biochemical was transformed to become the existing Company and Mr. Zhou was recruited as vice president. Mr. Zhou was recruited as the president of the Company on 10 July 2014. He was elected as a supervisor by employee representative in December 2018.

Dr. Shen Sheng （沈勝博士） ,  aged 38, is a supervisor of the Company. He is currently a comprehensive affairs and business executive and business supervisor of the Science and Technology Cooperation and Achievement Transformation Division*in IBP. He obtained a doctorate degree in cell biology from the University of Chinese Academy of Sciences in July 2013. Thereafter, he worked as an assistant research associate at the Key Laboratory of Infection and Immunity* （感染與免疫院重實驗室） in the Institute of Biophysics of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (the 'IBP') of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. Dr. Shen joined the Company in January 2019.

Ms. Ren Junhe （任君賀女士） , aged 33, is a supervisor of the Company. From September 2009 to July 2013, she studied at Hebei University of Economics and Business and obtained a bachelor's degree in Economics. She joined the Company in 2013 and is currently the secretary to the president.

## DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr.  CHEN  Peng （陳鵬先生） ,  aged  49,  is  the  president  of  the  Company.  He  graduated  from  Anhui  University  of  Chinese Medicine （安徽中醫學院） with  a  bachelor's  degree  in  Integrated  Chinese  and  Western  Medicine （中西醫結合臨床專業） in 1998. He served as as the technical director of Shanghai Fosun High-tech (Group) Co., Ltd.* （上海複星高科技（集團） 公司） , a director of Anhui Guoke Kangyi Medical Technology Co., Ltd.* （安徽國科康儀醫療科技有限公司） and Hefei Guoke Kangyi Medical Laboratory Co., Ltd.* （合肥國科康儀醫學檢驗實驗室有限公司） , the chairman and president of Hefei Anhui Meikang Hospital  Investment  Management  Co.,  Ltd. （合肥安徽美康醫院投資管理股份有限公司） ,  the  general  manager  of  Guoke Health Hospital Industry (Hefei) Co., Ltd.* （國科健康醫院產業（合肥） 有限公司） , the chairman of Guoke Health Information Technology (Anhui) Co., Ltd. （國科健康信息科技（安徽） 有限公司） and the chairman of Step Stone (Suzhou) Biotechnology Co., Ltd. （踏石（蘇州） 生物技術有限公司） . He joined the Company in December 2021.

Dr.  Xu  Cunmao （許存茂博士） ,  aged  60,  is  currently  a  vice  president  and  the  secretary  of  the  Board  of  the  Company, responsible for the overseas investment functions, information disclosure, administration and supply chain management-related works. He obtained a bachelor's degree in Science and a master's degree in Science in economic geography from Northwest Normal University （西北師範大學） , and a doctorate degree in Science in regional economic geography from Northeast Normal University （東北師範大學） .  He  was  an  associate  professor  of  the  School  of  Economics  in  Hainan  University （海南大學） , executive  deputy  general  manager  of  Hainan  Nanxi  Industrial  Co.,  Ltd.* （海南南希實業股份有限公司） ,  executive  deputy general  manager  of  Beijing  Beida  Nanxi  Bio-Engineering  Co.,  Ltd. （北京北大南希生物工程有限公司） ,  general  manager  of Shanghai Guangkong Industrial  Investment  Co.,  Ltd.* （上海廣控實業投資有限公司） and general  manager  of  PKU  Weiming Diagnostics Co., Ltd. （北大未名診斷試劑有限公司） . Dr. Xu joined the Company in 2003 and was appointed as a Director in March 2015 and resigned as a Director in July 2020.

Mr. Liu Jianzhong （劉建中先生） , aged 58, is the finance director of the Company. Mr. Liu graduated from the Jilin Finance and Trading Institute  in  Accounting  with  a  bachelor's  degree  in  1989.  He  serves  as  financial  head  of  Institute  of  Biophysics, Chinese  Academy  of  Sciences （中科院生物物理研究所） .  He  had  been  a  finance  supervisor  of  our  subsidiary,  Beijing  Baiao Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd.* （北京百奧藥業有限責任公司） for several years and joined the Company in 1994. He became the finance manager since 2014. In January 2019, he was appointed as the finance controller.

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr. Tung Woon Cheung Eric （ 董渙樟先生） , aged 52, is the company secretary of the Company. Mr. Tung graduated from York  University,  Toronto,  Canada  with  a  honor  bachelor's  degree  in  administrative  studies  in  1993.  Mr.  Tung  is  a  certified public  accountant  of  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants.  He  is  also  an  U.S.  certified  public  accountant  of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Tung previously worked at Ernst &amp; Young and possesses extensive experience.  Mr.  Tung  is  currently  the  chief  financial  officer  and  general  manager  of  the  Capital  and  Finance  Department of  Beijing  Enterprises  Holdings  Limited  (stock  code:  392)  an  executive  director,  the  chief  financial  officer  and  the  company secretary of Beijing Enterprises Water Group Limited (stock code: 371), an independent non-executive director of each of South China Financial Holdings Limited (stock code: 619) and GR Properties Limited (stock code: 108), all of which are companies listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange.

## QUALIFIED ACCOUNTANT

Mr. Cheng King Yin （鄭敬賢先生） ,  aged 35, is the qualified accountant of the Company. Mr. Cheng graduated from City University  of  Hong  Kong  and  holds  a  bachelor's  degree  in  accountancy.  Mr.  Cheng  is  a  member  of  Hong  Kong  Institute  of Certified Public Accountants and also a CFA charterholder. Mr. Cheng had worked at Ernst &amp; Young and acquired extensive experience  therein.  Prior  to  joining  the  Company  in  February  2021,  Mr.  Cheng  was  an  accounting  manager  of  Beijing Enterprises Holdings Limited. Mr. Cheng joined the Company in February 2021.

## DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

<!-- image -->

Ernst &amp; Young 27/F, One Taikoo Place 979 King's Road Quarry Bay, Hong Kong

安永會計師事務所 香港鰂魚涌英皇道���號 太古坊一座��樓

## To the shareholders of Biosino Bio-Technology and Science Incorporation

(Established in the People's Republic of China with limited liability)

## OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Biosino Bio-Technology and Science Incorporation (the 'Company') and its subsidiaries (the 'Group') set out on pages 5 to 80, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2022, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In  our  opinion,  the  consolidated  financial  statements  give  a  true  and  fair  view  of  the  consolidated  financial  position  of  the Group as at 31 December 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards ('HKFRSs') issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants ('HKICPA') and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

## BASIS FOR OPINION

We  conducted  our  audit  in  accordance  with  Hong  Kong  Standards  on  Auditing  ('HKSAs')  issued  by  the  HKICPA.  Our responsibilities  under  those  standards  are  further  described  in  the Auditor's  responsibilities  for  the  audit  of  the  consolidated financial statements  section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA's Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants  (the 'Code'), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key  audit  matters  are  those  matters  that,  in  our  professional  judgement,  were  of  most  significance  in  our  audit  of  the consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  current  period.  These  matters  were  addressed  in  the  context  of  our  audit  of  the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.

We  have  fulfilled  the  responsibilities  described  in  the Auditor's  responsibilities  for  the  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial statements  section  of  our  report,  including  in  relation  to  these  matters.  Accordingly,  our  audit  included  the  performance of  procedures  designed  to  respond  to  our  assessment  of  the  risks  of  material  misstatement  of  the  consolidated  financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

Tel 電話 : +852 2846 9888 Fax 傳真 : +852 2868 4432 ey.com

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

## Key audit matter

## Revenue recognition

The  Group  recognised  total  revenue  amounting  to RMB373,071,000  in  its  consolidated  statement  of  profit or  loss  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022.  Revenue  is recognised  when  control  of  goods  or  service  is  transferred to  the  customers.  Since  revenue  from  the  sale  of  goods and service  is  one  of  the  key  performance  indicators  of  the Group,  there  is  a  higher  risk  that  revenue  from  the  sale of  goods  and  service  could  be  recognised  in  the  incorrect period.

The  accounting  policies  and  disclosures  for  revenue recognition  are  included  in  notes  2.4  and  5  to  the consolidated financial statements.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Our audit procedures included, among others, understanding the revenue recognition process, performing tests of control on revenue recognition, and performing tests of details on a sampling  basis.  In  addition,  we  sent  confirmations  to  major customers and investigated the reconciliation of any material difference  provided  by  management  by  inspecting  related documents.  We  performed  alternative  procedures  for  nonreplied  confirmations  by  inspecting  the  original  documents and  subsequent  collection.  We  conducted  cut-off  tests  for revenue  transactions  recorded  before  and  after  the  end  of the reporting period.

## OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT

The  directors  of  the  Company  are  responsible  for  the  other  information.  The  other  information  comprises  the  information included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The  directors  of  the  Company  are  responsible  for  the  preparation  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  that  give  a  true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance,  and  for  such  internal  control  as  the  directors  determine  is  necessary  to  enable  the  preparation  of  consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In  preparing  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  directors  of  the  Company  are  responsible  for  assessing  the  Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The  directors  of  the  Company  are  assisted  by  the  Audit  Committee  in  discharging  their  responsibilities  for  overseeing  the Group's financial reporting process.

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives  are  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the  consolidated  financial  statements  as  a  whole  are  free from  material  misstatement,  whether  due  to  fraud  or  error,  and  to  issue  an  auditor's  report  that  includes  our  opinion.  Our report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will  always  detect  a  material  misstatement  when  it  exists.  Misstatements  can  arise  from  fraud  or  error  and  are  considered material if,  individually  or  in  the  aggregate,  they  could  reasonably  be  expected  to  influence  the  economic  decisions  of  users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As  part  of  an  audit  in  accordance  with  HKSAs,  we  exercise  professional  judgement  and  maintain  professional  scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or  error,  design  and  perform  audit  procedures  responsive  to  those  risks,  and  obtain  audit  evidence  that  is  sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud  is  higher  than  for  one  resulting  from  error,  as  fraud  may  involve  collusion,  forgery,  intentional  omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- Obtain  an  understanding  of  internal  control  relevant  to  the  audit  in  order  to  design  audit  procedures  that  are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

- Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.
- Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate  the  overall  presentation,  structure  and  content  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  including  the disclosures,  and  whether  the  consolidated  financial  statements  represent  the  underlying  transactions  and  events  in  a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- Obtain  sufficient  appropriate  audit  evidence  regarding  the  financial  information  of  the  entities  or  business  activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Denis Ming Kui Cheng.

Certified Public Accountants Hong Kong 31 March 2023

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS

Year ended 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  RMB'000  RMB'000  REVENUE  5  373,071  348,225  Cost of sales  (226,794)  (204,633)  Gross profit  146,277  143,592  Other income and gains  5  4,455  3,298  Selling and distribution expenses  (54,978)  (53,823)  Administrative expenses  (44,694)  (39,450)  Reversal of impairment losses  (194)  (129)  Research and development expenses  (26,867)  (24,944)  Other expenses  (5,200)  (13,145)  Finance costs  7  (6,817)  (10,565)  Share of profits and losses of:  Joint ventures  (46)  411  Associates  6,580  1,162  PROFIT BEFORE TAX  6  18,516  6,407  Income tax expense  10  (4,314)  (3,247)  PROFIT FOR THE YEAR  14,202  3,160  Attributable to:  Owners of the parent  11  8,106  (1,140)  Non-controlling interests  6,096  4,300  14,202  3,160  EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO  ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT  Basic and diluted  - For profit/(loss) for the year  11  RMB0.056  RMB(0.008)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Year ended 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  PROFIT FOR THE YEAR  14,202  3,160  OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  Other comprehensive income/(loss) that may be reclassified to  profit or loss in subsequent periods:  Exchange differences:  Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations  24  (19)  Net other comprehensive income/(loss) that may be reclassified to  profit or loss in subsequent periods  24  (19)  Other comprehensive loss that will not be reclassified to  profit or loss in subsequent periods:  Equity investments designated at fair value through  other comprehensive loss:  Changes in fair value  (531)  -  Net other comprehensive loss that will not be reclassified to  profit or loss in subsequent periods  (531)  -  OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE YEAR, NET OF TAX  (507)  (19)  TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR  13,695  3,141  Attributable to:  Owners of the parent  7,599  (1,159)  Non-controlling interests  6,096  4,300  13,695  3,141   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  RMB'000  RMB'000  NON-CURRENT ASSETS  Property, plant and equipment  12  72,844  94,808  Investment properties  13  21,435  -  Right-of-use assets  14(a)  12,327  12,035  Prepayments  15  -  600  Other intangible assets  16  26,441  27,176  Investments in joint ventures  17  12,016  12,770  Investments in associates  18  54,088  47,508  Equity investments designated at fair value through  other comprehensive income  -  531  Long-term receivables  19  2,700  770  Deferred tax assets  27  3,934  3,487  Total non-current assets  205,785  199,685  CURRENT ASSETS  Inventories  20  55,486  59,999  Trade and bills receivables  21  215,511  207,444  Prepayments, other receivables and other assets  22  49,113  96,164  Cash and cash equivalents  23  77,349  44,469  Total current assets  397,459  408,076  CURRENT LIABILITIES  Trade payables  24  137,014  145,669  Other payables and accruals  25  68,939  75,632  Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings  26  133,553  161,755  Lease liabilities  14(b)  3,288  2,506  Tax payable  3,470  3,469  Total current liabilities  346,264  389,031  NET CURRENT ASSETS  51,195  19,045  TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES  256,980  218,730   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  RMB'000  RMB'000  TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES  256,980  218,730  NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES  Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings  26  7,548  28  Deferred income  28  827  2,457  Lease liabilities  14(b)  7,299  9,242  Deferred tax liabilities  27  7,199  7,591  Total non-current liabilities  22,873  19,318  Net assets  234,107  199,412  EQUITY  Equity attributable to owners of the parent  Share capital  29  144,707  144,707  Reserves  30  61,142  31,467  Non-controlling interests  28,258  23,238  Total equity  234,107  199,412   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Wu Lebin Director

Lin Yanglin Director

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

Year ended 31 December 2022

## Year ended 31 December 2022

| Attributable to owners of the parent  Share  capital  Capital  reserve*  Statutory  reserve*  Exchange  reserve*  Fair value  reserve of  financial  assets at  fair value  through other  comprehensive  income*  Accumulated  losses*  Total  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  equity  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  (note 29)  At 1 January 2022  144,707  102,596  47,978  (176)  (474)  (118,457)  176,174  23,238  199,412  Profit for the year  -  -  -  -  -  8,106  8,106  6,096  14,202  Other comprehensive income for the year:  Change in fair value of equity  investments at fair value through  other comprehensive loss,  net of tax  -  -  -  -  (531)  -  (531)  -  (531)  Exchange differences on translation of  foreign operations  -  -  -  24  -  -  24  -  24  Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year  -  -  -  24  (531)  8,106  7,599  6,096  13,695  Contribution from non-controlling shareholders of  a subsidiary  -  22,076  -  -  -  -  22,076  (1,076)  21,000  At 31 December 2022  144,707  124,672  47,978  (152)  (1,005)  (110,351)  205,849  28,258  234,107   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of RMB61,142,000 (2021: RMB31,467,000) in the consolidated statement of financial position.

## Year ended 31 December 2021

| Attributable to owners of the parent  Share  capital  Capital  reserve*  Statutory  reserve*  Exchange  reserve*  Fair value  reserve of  financial  assets at  fair value  through other  comprehensive  income*  Accumulated  losses*  Total  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  equity  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  (note 29)  At 1 January 2021  144,707  102,596  47,978  (157)  (474)  (117,317)  177,333  18,938  196,271  Profit for the year  -  -  -  -  -  (1,140)  (1,140)  4,300  3,160  Other comprehensive loss for the year:  Exchange differences on translation of  foreign operations  -  -  -  (19)  -  -  (19)  -  (19)  Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year  -  -  -  (19)  -  (1,140)  (1,159)  4,300  3,141  At 31 December 2021  144,707  102,596  47,978  (176)  (474)  (118,457)  176,174  23,238  199,412   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

Year ended 31 December 2022

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

Year ended 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  RMB'000  RMB'000  CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES  Profit before tax  18,516  6,407  Adjustments for:  Finance costs  7  6,817  10,565  Share of profits of associate  (6,580)  (1,162)  Share of losses of joint ventures  46  (411)  Other interest income  5  (335)  (219)  Loss on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment  105  200  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  6  18,512  23,402  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  6,14  2,804  3,070  Depreciation of investment properties  6,13  602  -  Amortisation of other intangible assets  6,16  2,411  1,456  Impairment of goodwill  -  309  Impairment of long-term equity investments  6  708  273  Impairment/(Reversal) of trade and bills receivables  6  467  (232)  Impairment of prepayments  6  600  -  Reversal of other receivables  6  (873)  361  Provision for of inventories to net realisable value  6  3,702  12,280  47,502  56,299  Increase in inventories  (1,916)  (6,650)  Increase in trade and bills receivables  (8,534)  (2,625)  Decrease/(Increase) in prepayments,  other receivables and other assets  30,811  (9,116)  (Decrease)/Increase in trade payables  (8,655)  20,552  Decrease in other payables and accruals  (8,232)  (6,684)  Decrease in deferred income  28  (1,630)  (928)  Cash generated from operations  49,346  50,848  Income tax paid  (5,152)  (2,660)  Interest received  5  335  706  Net cash flows from operating activities  44,529  48,894   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

Year ended 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  RMB'000  RMB'000  Net cash flows from operating activities  44,529  48,894  CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES  Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment  (16,335)  (3,743)  Purchases of other intangible assets  (137)  (2,806)  Proceeds from disposal of items of property,  plant and equipment  372  552  Repayment of IDC prepayment  22(b)  14,983  -  Interest received  -  219  Net cash flows used in investing activities  (1,117)  (5,778)  CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES  New bank and other borrowings  161,414  178,886  Repayments of bank and other borrowings  (182,096)  (208,905)  Interest paid  7  (6,132)  (10,565)  Principal portion of lease payments  14(b)  (4,942)  (3,438)  Capital contributions from non-controlling shareholders  21,000  -  Net cash flows used in financing activities  (10,756)  (44,022)  NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  32,656  (906)  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year  44,469  45,453  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net  6  224  (78)  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR  77,349  44,469  ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  Cash and bank balances  23  77,349  44,469   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION

Biosino Bio-Technology and Science Incorporation (the 'Company') is a limited liability company established in the People's Republic of China (the 'PRC'). The registered office of the Company is located at No. 27, Chaoqian Road, Science and Technology Industrial Park, Changping District, Beijing, the PRC.

During the year, the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the 'Group') principally engaged in the manufacture, sale and distribution of in-vitro diagnostic reagents.

## Information about subsidiaries

Particulars of the Company's principal subsidiaries as of 31 December 2022 are as follows:

| Company name  Place of  establishment  and operations  Issued ordinary/  registered  share capital  Percentage of equity  attributable to the Company  Principal activities  Direct  Indirect  Beijing Zhongsheng Jinyu Diagnostic  Technology Co., Ltd. ('Zhongsheng Jinyu')  （北京中生金域診斷技術股份有限公司）  *  PRC/Mainland China  RMB30 million  45.9%  -  Manufacture, sale and  distribution of in-vitro diagnostic  reagent products  Beijing Biosino Medical Lab Co., Ltd.  ('Biosino Lab')  （北京中生醫學檢驗所有限公司）  PRC/Mainland China  RMB50 million  94%  -  Medical service and medical  inspection service  Biosino Suzhou Medical Technology Co., Ltd.  ('Biosino Suzhou')  （中生（蘇州） 醫療科技有限公司）  **  PRC/Mainland China  RMB66.9 million  90.5%  -  Production of medical instruments  Canada Biosino LVD Technology  Co., Ltd. ('Biosino Canada')  （加拿大中生體外診斷技術有限公司）  Canada  USD3.5 million  100%  -  Research development, sale and  distribution of biological reagents  and instruments  Anhui Biosino Co., Ltd. ('Anhui Biosino')  （安徽中生北控生物科技有限公司）  PRC/Mainland China  RMB5 million  51%  -  Distribution of in-vitro diagnostic  reagent products   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* This entity is accounted for as a subsidiary by virtue of the Company's control over it, as disclosed in note 3.

- ** On 27 January 2022, the Company entered into a capital injection agreement with other third party shareholders (the 'Third Party Shareholders'), pursuant to which the Third Party Shareholders agreed to make capital injection by  RMB21  million  to  Biosino  Suzhou.  Upon  the  completion  of  the  capital  injection,  the  total  registered  capital of  Biosino  Suzhou  was  increased  to  RMB66.9  million  and  the  shareholding  interest  held  by  the  Company  was decreased to 90.5%.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (Continued)

## Information about subsidiaries (Continued)

The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affected the results for the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.

## 2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION

These  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  Hong  Kong  Financial  Reporting  Standards ('HKFRSs') (which include all Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards ('HKASs') and  Interpretations)  issued  by  the  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants  ('HKICPA'),  accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. They  have  been  prepared  under  the  historical  cost  convention,  except  for  equity  investments  and  financial  assets which have been measured at fair value. These financial statements are presented in Chinese yuan ('RMB') and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand except when otherwise indicated.

## Basis of consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022. A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give the Group the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee).

Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. When the Company has, directly or indirectly, less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:

- (a) the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;
- (b) rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and
- (c) the Group's voting rights and potential voting rights.

The  financial  statements  of  the  subsidiaries  are  prepared  for  the  same  reporting  period  as  the  Company,  using consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the Group obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.

Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the parent of the Group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance. All  intra-group  assets  and  liabilities,  equity,  income,  expenses  and  cash  flows  relating  to  transactions  between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)

## Basis of consolidation (Continued)

The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.

If  the  Group  loses  control  over  a  subsidiary,  it  derecognises  (i)  the  assets  (including  goodwill)  and  liabilities  of  the subsidiary,  (ii)  the  carrying  amount  of  any  non-controlling  interest  and  (iii)  the  cumulative  translation  differences recorded in equity; and recognises (i) the fair value of the consideration received, (ii) the fair value of any investment retained  and  (iii)  any  resulting  surplus  or  deficit  in  profit  or  loss.  The  Group's  share  of  components  previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss or retained profits, as appropriate, on the same basis as would be required if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.

## 2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES

The Group has adopted the following revised HKFRSs for the first time for the current year's financial statements.

| Amendments to HKFRS 3  Reference to the Conceptual Framework Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 9, Illustrative Examples accompanying HKFRS 16, and HKAS 41  Amendments to HKAS 16  Amendments to HKAS 37  Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-2020   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The nature and the impact of the revised HKFRSs that are applicable to the Group are described below:

- (a) Amendments  to  HKFRS  3  replace  a  reference  to  the  previous  Framework  for  the  Preparation  and Presentation of Financial Statements with a reference to the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting (the  'Conceptual  Framework')  issued  in  June  2018  without  significantly  changing  its  requirements.  The amendments also  add  to  HKFRS  3  an  exception  to  its  recognition  principle  for  an  entity  to  refer  to  the Conceptual Framework to determine what constitutes an asset or a liability. The exception specifies that, for liabilities  and  contingent liabilities that would be within the scope of HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 if they were incurred separately rather than assumed in a business combination, an entity applying HKFRS 3 should refer to HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 respectively instead of the Conceptual Framework. Furthermore, the amendments clarify that contingent assets do not qualify for recognition at the acquisition date. The Group has  applied  the  amendments  prospectively  to  business  combinations  that  occurred  on  or  after  1  January 2022.  As  there  were  no  contingent  assets,  liabilities  and  contingent  liabilities  within  the  scope  of  the amendments arising in the business combination that occurred during the year, the amendments did not have any impact on the financial position and performance of the Group.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (Continued)

- (b) Amendments to HKAS 16 prohibit an entity from deducting from the cost of an item of property, plant and equipment any proceeds from selling items produced while bringing that asset to the location and condition necessary  for  it  to  be  capable  of  operating  in  the  manner  intended  by  management.  Instead,  an  entity recognises the proceeds from selling any such items, and the cost of those items as determined by HKAS 2 Inventories, in profit or loss. The Group has applied the amendments retrospectively to items of property, plant and equipment made available for use on or after 1 January 2021. Since there was no sale of items produced prior to the property, plant and equipment being available for use, the amendments did not have any impact on the financial position or performance of the Group.
- (c) Amendments to HKAS 37 clarify  that  for  the  purpose  of  assessing  whether  a  contract  is  onerous  under HKAS 37, the cost of fulfilling the contract comprises the costs that relate directly to the contract. Costs that  relate  directly  to  a  contract  include  both  the  incremental  costs  of  fulfilling  that  contract  (e.g.,  direct labour  and  materials)  and  an  allocation  of  other  costs  that  relate  directly  to  fulfilling  that  contract  (e.g., an  allocation  of  the  depreciation  charge  for  an  item  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  used  in  fulfilling the contract as well as contract management and supervision costs). General and administrative costs do not relate directly to a contract and are excluded unless they are explicitly chargeable to the counterparty under the contract. The Group has applied the amendments prospectively to contracts for which it has not yet fulfilled all its  obligations at 1 January 2022 and no onerous contracts were identified. Therefore, the amendments did not have any impact on the financial position or performance of the Group.
- (d) Annual  Improvements  to  HKFRSs  2018-2020  sets  out  amendments  to  HKFRS  1,  HKFRS  9,  Illustrative Examples  accompanying  HKFRS  16,  and  HKAS  41.  Details  of  the  amendments  that  are  applicable  to  the Group are as follows:

HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments : clarifies the fees that an entity includes when assessing whether the terms of  a  new  or  modified  financial  liability  are  substantially  different  from  the  terms  of  the  original  financial liability.  These  fees  include  only  those  paid  or  received  between  the  borrower  and  the  lender,  including fees  paid  or  received  by  either  the  borrower  or  lender  on  the  other's  behalf.  The  Group  has  applied  the amendment prospectively from 1 January 2022. As there was no modification or exchange of the Group's financial  liabilities  during  the  year,  the  amendment  did  not  have  any  impact  on  the  financial  position  or performance of the Group.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS

The Group has not applied the following new and revised HKFRSs, that have been issued but are not yet effective, in these financial statements.

| Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (2011)  Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture 3  Amendments to HKFRS 16 HKFRS 17  Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback 2  Insurance Contracts 1  Amendments to HKFRS 17  Insurance Contracts 1, 5  Amendment to HKFRS 17  Initial Application of HKFRS 17 and HKFRS 9 - Comparative Information 6  Amendments to HKAS 1  Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current (the '2020 Amendments') 2, 4  Amendments to HKAS 1  Non-current Liabilities with Covenants  (the '2022 Amendments') 2  Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice Statement 2 Amendments to HKAS 8 Amendments to HKAS 12  Disclosure of Accounting Policies 1  Definition of Accounting Estimates 1 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from  a Single Transaction 1   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 1 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023
- 2 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024
- 3 No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption
- 4 As a consequence of the 2022 Amendments, the effective date of the 2020 Amendments was deferred to annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024. In addition, as a consequence of the 2020 Amendments and 2022 Amendments, Hong Kong Interpretation 5 Presentation of Financial Statements - Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause  was revised to align the corresponding wording with no change in conclusion
- 5 As a consequence of the amendments to HKFRS 17 issued in October 2020, HKFRS 4 was amended to extend the temporary exemption that permits insurers to apply HKAS 39 rather than HKFRS 9 for annual periods beginning before 1 January 2023
- 6 An  entity  that  chooses  to  apply  the  transition  option  relating  to  the  classification  overlay  set  out  in  this amendment shall apply it on initial application of HKFRS 17

Further information about those HKFRSs that are expected to be applicable to the Group is described below.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (Continued)

Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (2011) address an inconsistency  between  the  requirements  in  HKFRS  10 and in HKAS 28 (2011) in dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture. The amendments require a full recognition of a gain or loss resulting from a downstream transaction when the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture constitutes a business. For a transaction involving assets that do not constitute a business, a gain or loss resulting from the transaction is recognised in the investor's profit or loss only to the extent of the unrelated investor's interest in that associate or joint venture. The amendments are to be applied prospectively. The previous mandatory effective date of amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (2011) was removed by the HKICPA in January 2016 and a new mandatory effective date will be determined after the completion of a broader review of accounting for associates and joint ventures. However, the amendments are available for adoption now.

Amendments to HKFRS 16 specify the requirements that a seller-lessee uses in measuring the lease liability arising in a sale and leaseback transaction to ensure the seller-lessee does not recognise any amount of the gain or loss that relates to the right of use it retains. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024  and  shall  be  applied  retrospectively  to  sale  and  leaseback  transactions  entered  into  after  the  date  of  initial application of HKFRS 16 (i.e., 1 January 2019). Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group's financial statements.

Amendments to HKAS 1 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current  clarify the requirements for classifying liabilities  as  current  or  non-current,  in  particular  the  determination  over  whether  an  entity  has  a  right  to  defer settlement of the liabilities for at least 12 months after the reporting period. Classification of a liability is unaffected by the likelihood that the entity will exercise its right to defer settlement of the liability. The amendments also clarify the situations that are considered a settlement of a liability. In 2022, the HKICPA issued the 2022 Amendments to further clarify that, among covenants of a liability arising from a loan arrangement, only those with which an entity must comply on or before the reporting  date  affect  the  classification  of  that  liability  as  current  or  non-current.  In addition,  the  2022  Amendments  require  additional  disclosures  by  an  entity  that  classifies  liabilities  arising  from loan arrangements as non-current when it has a right to defer settlement of those liabilities that are subject to the entity complying with future covenants within 12 months after the reporting period. The amendments are effective for  annual  periods  beginning  on  or  after  1  January  2024  and  shall  be  applied  retrospectively.  Earlier  application is  permitted.  An  entity  that  applies  the  2020  Amendments  early  is  required  to  apply  simultaneously  the  2022 Amendments, and vice versa. The Group is currently assessing the impact of the amendments and whether existing loan agreements may require revision. Based on a preliminary assessment, the amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group's financial statements.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (Continued)

Amendments  to  HKAS  1 Disclosure  of  Accounting  Policies   require  entities  to  disclose  their  material  accounting policy  information  rather  than  their  significant  accounting  policies.  Accounting  policy  information  is  material  if, when considered together with other information included in an entity's financial statements, it can reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial statements make on the basis of those  financial  statements.  Amendments  to  HKFRS  Practice  Statement  2  provide  non-mandatory  guidance  on  how to apply the concept of materiality to accounting policy disclosures. Amendments to HKAS 1 are effective for annual periods  beginning  on  or  after  1  January  2023  and  earlier  application  is  permitted.  Since  the  guidance  provided in  the  amendments  to  HKFRS  Practice  Statement  2  is  non-mandatory,  an  effective  date  for  these  amendments  is not  necessary.  The  Group  is  currently  revisiting  the  accounting  policy  disclosures  to  ensure  consistency  with  the amendments.

Amendments to HKAS 8 clarify the distinction between changes in accounting estimates and changes in accounting policies.  Accounting  estimates  are  defined  as  monetary  amounts  in  financial  statements  that  are  subject  to measurement  uncertainty.  The  amendments  also  clarify  how  entities  use  measurement  techniques  and  inputs  to develop accounting estimates. The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023 and apply to changes in accounting policies and changes in accounting estimates that occur on or after the start of that period. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group's financial statements.

Amendments  to  HKAS  12  narrow  the  scope  of  the  initial  recognition  exception  in  HKAS  12  so  that  it  no  longer applies  to  transactions  that  give  rise  to  equal  taxable  and  deductible  temporary  differences,  such  as  leases  and decommissioning  obligations.  Therefore,  entities  are  required  to  recognise  a  deferred  tax  asset  (provided  that sufficient  taxable  profit  is  available)  and  a  deferred  tax  liability  for  temporary  differences  arising  from  these transactions. The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023 and shall  be  applied  to  transactions  related  to  leases  and  decommissioning  obligations  at  the  beginning  of  the  earliest comparative  period  presented,  with  any  cumulative  effect  recognised  as  an  adjustment  to  the  opening  balance of  retained  profits  or  other  component  of  equity  as  appropriate  at  that  date.  In  addition,  the  amendments  shall be  applied  prospectively  to  transactions  other  than  leases  and  decommissioning  obligations.  Earlier  application  is permitted.

The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group's financial statements.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## Investments in associates and joint ventures

An associate is an entity in which the Group has a long-term interest of generally not less than 20% of the equity voting rights and over which it is in a position to exercise significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint control over those policies.

A  joint  venture  is  a  type  of  joint  arrangement  whereby  the  parties  that  have  joint  control  of  the  arrangement have rights to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only  when decisions  about  the  relevant  activities  require  the  unanimous  consent  of  the parties sharing control.

The Group's investments in associates and joint ventures are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at the Group's share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any impairment losses.

The Group's share of the post-acquisition results and other comprehensive income of associates and joint ventures is included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and consolidated other comprehensive income, respectively. In addition, when there has been a change recognised directly in the equity of the associate or joint venture, the Group recognises its share of any changes, when applicable, in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Unrealised gains  and  losses  resulting  from  transactions  between  the  Group  and  its  associates  or  joint  ventures  are  eliminated to the extent of the Group's investments in the associates or joint ventures, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Goodwill arising from the acquisition of any associate or joint ventures is included as part of the Group's investments in associates or joint ventures.

If  an  investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the retained interest is not remeasured.  Instead,  the  investment  continues  to  be  accounted  for  under  the  equity  method.  In  all  other  cases, upon loss of significant influence over the associate or joint control over the joint venture, the Group measures and recognises  any  retained  investment  at  its  fair  value.  Any  difference  between  the  carrying  amount  of  the  associate or joint venture upon loss of significant influence or joint control and the fair value of the retained investment and proceeds from disposal is recognised in profit or loss.

When an investment in an associate or a joint venture is classified as held for sale, it is accounted for in accordance with HKFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations .

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Business combinations and goodwill

Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred is measured at the acquisition date fair value which is the sum of the acquisition date fair values of assets transferred by the Group, liabilities assumed by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. For each business combination, the Group elects whether to measure the noncontrolling interests in the acquiree that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of net assets in the event of liquidation at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree's identifiable net assets. All other components of non-controlling interests are measured at fair value. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets includes an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs.

When  the  Group  acquires  a  business,  it  assesses  the  financial  assets  and  liabilities  assumed  for  appropriate classification  and  designation  in  accordance  with  the  contractual  terms,  economic  circumstances  and  pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of embedded derivatives in host contracts of the acquiree.

If  the business combination is achieved in stages, the previously held equity interest is remeasured at its acquisition date fair value and any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.

Any  contingent  consideration  to  be  transferred  by  the  acquirer  is  recognised  at  fair  value  at  the  acquisition  date. Contingent  consideration  classified  as  an  asset  or  liability  is  measured  at  fair  value  with  changes  in  fair  value recognised in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured and subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.

Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred, the amount recognised  for  non-controlling  interests  and  any  fair  value  of  the  Group's  previously  held  equity  interests  in  the acquiree over the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If the sum of this consideration and other items is lower than the fair value of the net assets acquired, the difference is, after reassessment, recognised in profit or loss as a gain on bargain purchase.

After  initial  recognition,  goodwill  is  measured  at  cost  less  any  accumulated  impairment  losses.  Goodwill  is  tested for  impairment  annually  or  more  frequently  if  events  or  changes  in  circumstances  indicate  that  the  carrying  value may be impaired. The Group performs its annual impairment test of goodwill as at 31 December. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of the Group's cash-generating units, or groups of cash-generating units, that are expected to benefit from the synergies of  the  combination,  irrespective  of  whether  other  assets  or  liabilities  of  the  Group  are  assigned  to  those  units  or groups of units.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Business combinations and goodwill (Continued)

Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (group of cash-generating units)  to  which  the  goodwill  relates.  Where  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  cash-generating  unit  (group  of  cashgenerating units) is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognised. An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period.

Where goodwill  has  been  allocated  to  a  cash-generating  unit  (or  group  of  cash-generating  units)  and  part  of  the operation within that unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included in the carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on the disposal. Goodwill disposed of in these circumstances  is  measured  based  on  the  relative  value  of  the  operation  disposed  of  and  the  portion  of  the  cashgenerating unit retained.

## Fair value measurement

The Group measures its equity investments and certain financial instruments at fair value at the end of each reporting period.  Fair  value  is  the  price  that  would  be  received  to  sell  an  asset  or  paid  to  transfer  a  liability  in  an  orderly transaction  between  market  participants  at  the  measurement  date.  The  fair  value  measurement  is  based  on  the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability. The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.

A  fair  value  measurement  of  a  non-financial  asset  takes  into  account  a  market  participant's  ability  to  generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

The  Group  uses  valuation  techniques  that  are  appropriate  in  the  circumstances  and  for  which  sufficient  data are  available  to  measure  fair  value,  maximising  the  use  of  relevant  observable  inputs  and  minimising  the  use  of unobservable inputs.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Fair value measurement (Continued)

All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised within the  fair  value  hierarchy,  described  as  follows,  based  on  the  lowest  level  input  that  is  significant  to  the  fair  value measurement as a whole:

- Level 1 -based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
- Level 2 -based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly
- Level 3 -based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is unobservable

For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.

## Impairment of non-financial assets

Where an indication of impairment exists,  or  when  annual  impairment  testing  for  an  asset  is  required  (other  than inventories,  contract  assets,  deferred  tax  assets,  financial  assets,  investment  properties  and  non-current  assets/ a  disposal  group  classified  as  held  for  sale),  the  asset's  recoverable  amount  is  estimated.  An  asset's  recoverable amount is the higher of the asset's or cash-generating unit's value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal, and is  determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of  those  from  other  assets  or  groups  of  assets,  in  which  case  the  recoverable  amount  is  determined  for  the  cashgenerating unit to which the asset belongs. In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, a portion of the carrying amount of a corporate asset (e.g., a headquarters building) is allocated to an individual cash-generating unit if it can be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis or, otherwise, to the smallest group of cash-generating units.

An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. An impairment loss is  charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises in those expense categories consistent with the function of the impaired asset.

An  assessment  is  made  at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period  as  to  whether  there  is  an  indication  that  previously recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication exists, the recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss of an asset other than goodwill is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount of that asset, but not to an amount higher  than  the  carrying  amount  that  would  have  been  determined  (net  of  any  depreciation/amortisation)  had  no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of such an impairment loss is credited to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Related parties

A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

- (a) the party is a person or a close member of that person's family and that person
- (i) has control or joint control over the Group;
- (ii) has significant influence over the Group;
- (iii) or is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;

or

- (b) the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:
- (i) the entity and the Group are members of the same group;
- (ii) one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow subsidiary of the other entity);
- (iii) the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;
- (iv) one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;
- (v) the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity related to the Group;
- (vi) the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);
- (vii) a  person  identified  in  (a)(i)  has  significant  influence  over  the  entity  or  is  a  member  of  the  key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity);
- (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Property, plant and equipment and depreciation

Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses. When an item of property, plant and equipment is classified as  held  for  sale  or  when it  is  part  of  a  disposal  group  classified  as  held  for  sale,  it  is  not  depreciated  and  is  accounted  for  in  accordance with HKFRS 5. The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use.

Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, such as repairs and maintenance, is normally charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred. In situations where  the  recognition  criteria  are  satisfied,  the  expenditure  for  a  major  inspection  is  capitalised  in  the  carrying amount of the asset as a replacement. Where significant parts of property, plant and equipment are required to be replaced at intervals, the Group recognises such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciates them accordingly.

Depreciation  is  calculated  on  the  straight-line  basis  to  write  off  the  cost  of  each  item  of  property,  plant  and equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates used for this purpose are as follows:

| Buildings  3.17% to 4.75%  Leasehold improvements  Over the shorter of lease terms and 10.00%  Machinery  8.60% to 19.40%  Furniture and fixtures  19.00% to 32.33%  Motor vehicles  19.00% to 24.25%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that item is allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual values, useful lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial year end.

An  item  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  including  any  significant  part  initially  recognised  is  derecognised  upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on disposal or retirement recognised in the statement of profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised is the difference between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset.

Construction in progress represents a building under construction, which is stated at cost less any impairment losses, and is  not  depreciated.  Cost  comprises  the  direct  costs  of  construction  and  capitalised  borrowing  costs  on  related borrowed funds during the period of construction. Construction in progress is reclassified to the appropriate category of property, plant and equipment when completed and ready for use.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Investment properties

Investment  properties  mainly  comprising  buildings,  are  held  for  long-term  rental  income.  The  Group's  investment properties  are  initially  measured  at  cost  and  subsequently  carried  at  cost  less  accumulated  depreciation  and accumulated  impairment  losses,  if  any.  Investment  properties  are  depreciated  on  the  straight-line  basis,  at  rates sufficient to write off their costs over their estimated life of 30 years. Residual values, useful lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial year end.

## Intangible assets (other than goodwill)

Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible assets acquired in a business combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition. The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are subsequently amortised over the useful economic life  and  assessed  for  impairment  whenever  there  is  an  indication  that  the  intangible  asset  may  be  impaired.  The amortisation period and the amortisation method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at each financial year end.

## Patents and license

Purchased patents and license are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised on the straight-line basis over an estimated useful life of 10-20 years.

## Computer software

Computer software is stated at cost less any impairment losses and is amortised on the straight-line basis over an estimated useful life of 10 years.

## Research and development costs

All research costs are charged to the statement of profit or loss as incurred.

Expenditure  incurred  on  projects  to  develop  new  products  is  capitalised  and  deferred  only  when  the  Group  can demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale, its intention to complete and its ability to use or sell the asset, how the asset will generate future economic benefits, the  availability  of  resources  to  complete  the  project  and  the  ability  to  measure  reliably  the  expenditure  during  the development. Product development expenditure which does not meet these criteria is expensed when incurred.

Deferred development costs are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised using the straight-line basis over the commercial lives of the underlying products not exceeding ten years, commencing from the date when the products are put into commercial production.

## Leases

The  Group  assesses  at  contract  inception  whether  a  contract  is,  or  contains,  a  lease.  A  contract  is,  or  contains,  a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Leases (Continued)

## Group as a lessee

The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and leases  of  low-value  assets.  The  Group  recognises  lease  liabilities  to  make  lease  payments  and  right-of-use  assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.

- (a)
- Right-of-use assets

Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date the underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and any  impairment  losses,  and  adjusted  for  any  remeasurement  of  lease  liabilities.  The  cost  of  right-of-use assets  includes  the  amount  of  lease  liabilities  recognised,  initial  direct  costs  incurred,  and  lease  payments made  at  or  before  the  commencement  date  less  any  lease  incentives  received.  Right-of-use  assets  are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease terms and the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:

| Leasehold land  40 years  Plant and machinery  2 to 15 years   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------|

If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group by the end of the lease term or the cost reflects the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset.

- (b) Lease liabilities

Lease  liabilities  are  recognised  at  the  commencement  date  of  the  lease  at  the  present  value  of  lease payments  to  be  made  over  the  lease  term.  The  lease  payments  include  fixed  payments  (including  insubstance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index  or  a  rate,  and  amounts  expected  to  be  paid  under  residual  value  guarantees.  The  lease  payments also  include  the  exercise  price  of  a  purchase  option  reasonably  certain  to  be  exercised  by  the  Group  and payments of penalties for termination of a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate the lease. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as an expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

In  calculating  the  present  value  of  lease  payments,  the  Group  uses  its  incremental  borrowing  rate  at  the lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in lease payments (e.g., a change to future lease  payments  resulting  from  a  change  in  an  index  or  rate)  or  a  change  in  assessment  of  an  option  to purchase the underlying asset.

The Group's lease liabilities are included in interest-bearing bank and other borrowings.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Leases (Continued)

## Group as a lessee (Continued)

- (c)
- Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of properties (that are those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a  purchase  option).  It  also  applies  the  recognition  exemption  for  leases  of  low-value  assets  to  leases  of office equipment and laptop computers that are considered to be of low value.

Lease  payments  on  short-term  leases  and  leases  of  low-value  assets  are  recognised  as  an  expense  on  a straight-line basis over the lease term.

## Group as a lessor

When the Group acts as a lessor, it classifies at  lease  inception  (or  when  there  is  a  lease  modification)  each  of  its leases as either an operating lease or a finance lease.

Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an asset are  classified  as  operating  leases.  When  a  contract  contains  lease  and  non-lease  components,  the  Group  allocates the consideration in the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. Rental income is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease terms and is included in revenue in the statement of profit or loss due to its operating nature. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis as rental income. Contingent rents are recognised as revenue in the period in which they are earned.

Leases that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset to the lessee are accounted for as finance leases.

## Investments and other financial assets

## Initial recognition and measurement

Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value through other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Investments and other financial assets (Continued)

## Initial recognition and measurement (Continued)

The  classification  of  financial  assets  at  initial  recognition  depends  on  the  financial  asset's  contractual  cash  flow characteristics and the Group's business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables that do not  contain  a  significant  financing  component  or  for  which  the  Group  has  applied  the  practical  expedient  of  not adjusting  the  effect  of  a  significant  financing  component,  the  Group  initially  measures  a  financial  asset  at  its  fair value plus in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under HKFRS 15 in accordance with the policies set out for 'Revenue recognition' below.

In  order  for  a  financial  asset  to  be  classified  and  measured  at  amortised  cost  or  fair  value  through  other comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest ('SPPI') on the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.

The Group's business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified and measured at amortised cost are held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, while financial assets classified and measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are held within a business model with the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets which are not held within the aforementioned business models are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.

All  regular  way  purchases  and  sales  of  financial  assets  are  recognised  on  the  trade  date,  that  is,  the  date  that  the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established by regulation or convention in the marketplace.

## Subsequent measurement

The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:

## Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)

Financial  assets  at  amortised  cost  are  subsequently  measured  using  the  effective  interest  method  and  are  subject to  impairment.  Gains  and  losses  are  recognised  in  the  statement  of  profit  or  loss  when  the  asset  is  derecognised, modified or impaired.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Investments and other financial assets (Continued)

## Financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (equity investments)

Upon  initial  recognition,  the  Group  can  elect  to  classify  irrevocably  its  equity  investments  as  equity  investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income when they meet the definition of equity under HKAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation  and are not held for trading. The classification is determined on an instrumentby-instrument basis.

Gains  and  losses  on  these  financial  assets  are  never  recycled  to  the  statement  of  profit  or  loss.  Dividends  are recognised  as  other  income  in  the  statement  of  profit  or  loss  when  the  right  of  payment  has  been  established,  it is  probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the dividend can be measured reliably, except when the Group benefits from such proceeds as a recovery of part of the cost of the financial asset, in which case such gains are recorded in other comprehensive income.

## Derecognition of financial assets

A  financial  asset  (or,  where  applicable,  a  part  of  a  financial  asset  or  part  of  a  group  of  similar  financial  assets)  is primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group's consolidated statement of financial position) when:

- the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or
- the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a 'pass-through' arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.

When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-through arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards of ownership of the asset. When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the Group's continuing involvement. In  that  case,  the  Group  also  recognises  an  associated  liability.  The  transferred  asset  and  the  associated  liability  are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has retained.

Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be required to repay.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Impairment of financial assets

The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses ('ECLs') for all debt instruments not held at fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

## General approach

ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

At  each  reporting  date,  the  Group  assesses  whether  the  credit  risk  on  a  financial  instrument  has  increased significantly  since  initial  recognition.  When  making  the  assessment,  the  Group  compares  the  risk  of  a  default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking information. The Group considers that there has been a significant increase in credit risk when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due.

The Group considers a trade and bills receivable in default when contractual payments are over 360 days past due. However, in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.

Financial assets at amortised cost are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified within the following stages for measurement of ECLs as detailed below.

| - Stage 1 - Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs  - Stage 2 - Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition but that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs  - Stage 3 - Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased or originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

## Simplified approach

For trade receivables and other receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or when the Group applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group applies the simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.

For trade receivables and other assets that contain a significant financing component and lease receivables, the Group chooses as its accounting policy to adopt the simplified approach in calculating ECLs with policies as described above.

## Financial liabilities

## Initial recognition and measurement

Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value though profit or loss, loans and borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge, as appropriate.

All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.

The Group's financial liabilities  include  trade  and  other  payables,  amounts  due  to  shareholders,  lease  liabilities  and interest-bearing bank borrowings.

## Subsequent measurement

The subsequent measurement of loans and borrowings is as follows:

## Financial liabilities at amortised cost (loans and borrowings)

After initial  recognition, interest bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the effective interest rate amortisation process.

Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is included in finance costs in the statement of profit or loss.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Derecognition of financial liabilities

A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or expires.

When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a derecognition of  the  original  liability  and  a  recognition  of  a  new  liability,  and  the  difference  between  the  respective  carrying amounts is recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

## Offsetting of financial instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of financial position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

## Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on the weighted average basis and, in the case of work in progress and finished goods, comprises direct materials, direct labour and an appropriate proportion  of  overheads.  Net  realisable  value  is  based  on  estimated  selling  prices  less  any  estimated  costs  to  be incurred to completion and disposal.

## Cash and cash equivalents

For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and demand deposits, and short-term highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash, are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and have a short maturity of generally within three months when acquired, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group's cash management.

For the purpose of the consolidated statement of financial position, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and at banks, including time deposits, and assets similar in nature to cash, which are not restricted as to use.

## Provisions

A provision is recognised when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result of a past event and it  is  probable  that  a  future  outflow  of  resources  will  be  required  to  settle  the  obligation,  provided  that  a  reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

When the effect of discounting is material, the amount recognised for a provision is the present value at the end of the reporting period of the future expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation. The increase in the discounted present value amount arising from the passage of time is included in finance costs in the statement of profit or loss.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Income tax

Income  tax  comprises  current  and  deferred  tax.  Income  tax  relating  to  items  recognised  outside  profit  or  loss  is recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities,  based  on  tax  rates  (and  tax  laws)  that  have  been  enacted  or  substantively  enacted  by  the  end  of  the reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices prevailing in the country in which the Group operates.

Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of the reporting period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:

- when  the  deferred  tax  liability  arises  from  the  initial  recognition  of  goodwill  or  an  asset  or  liability  in  a transaction  that  is  not  a  business  combination  and,  at  the  time  of  the  transaction,  affects  neither  the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
- in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits and  any  unused  tax  losses.  Deferred  tax  assets  are  recognised  to  the  extent  that  it  is  probable  that  taxable  profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:

- when  the  deferred  tax  asset  relating  to  the  deductible  temporary  differences  arises  from  the  initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
- in  respect  of  deductible  temporary  differences  associated  with  investments  in  subsidiaries,  associates  and joint ventures, deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences  will  reverse  in  the  foreseeable  future  and  taxable  profit  will  be  available  against  which  the temporary differences can be utilised.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each reporting period and are recognised to  the  extent  that  it  has  become  probable  that  sufficient  taxable  profit  will  be  available  to  allow  all  or  part  of  the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Income tax (Continued)

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes  levied  by  the  same  taxation  authority  on  either  the  same  taxable  entity  or  different  taxable  entities  which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered.

## Government grants

Government  grants  are  recognised  at  their  fair  value  where  there  is  reasonable  assurance  that  the  grant  will be  received  and  all  attaching  conditions  will  be  complied  with.  When  the  grant  relates  to  an  expense  item,  it  is recognised as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, which it is intended to compensate, are expensed.

Where  the  grant  relates  to  an  asset,  the  fair  value  is  credited  to  a  deferred  income  account  and  is  released  to the  statement  of  profit  or  loss  over  the  expected  useful  life  of  the  relevant  asset  by  equal  annual  instalments  or deducted from the carrying amount of the asset and released to the statement of profit or loss by way of a reduced depreciation charge.

## Revenue recognition

## Revenue from contracts with customers

Revenue  from  contracts  with  customers  is  recognised  when  control  of  goods  or  services  is  transferred  to  the customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Revenue recognition (Continued)

## Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

- (a) Sale of diagnostic reagent products Revenue from the sale of diagnostic reagent products is recognised at the point in time when control of the asset is transferred to the customer, generally on acceptance of the diagnostic reagent products.
- (b)
- Other service

Revenue from other service is recognised at the point in time when the control of the service is transferred to the customer, generally upon the completion of service provided.

## Other income

Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate that exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument or a shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.

Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders' right to receive payment has been established, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the dividend can be measured reliably.

## Contract liabilities

A  contract  liability  is  recognised  when  a  payment  is  received  or  a  payment  is  due  (whichever  is  earlier)  from  a customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of the related goods or services to the customer).

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Employee benefits

## Pension scheme

The employees of the Group's subsidiary which operates in the PRC are required to participate in a central pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. This subsidiary is required to contribute 5% of its payroll costs to  the  central  pension  scheme.  The  contributions  are  charged  to  the  statement  of  profit  or  loss  as  they  become payable in accordance with the rules of the central pension scheme.

## Termination benefits

Termination  benefits  are  recognised  at  the  earlier  of  when  the  Group  can  no  longer  withdraw  the  offer  of  those benefits and when the Group recognises restructuring costs involving the payment of termination benefits.

## Borrowing costs

Borrowing  costs  directly  attributable  to  the  acquisition,  construction  or  production  of  qualifying  assets,  i.e.,  assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are capitalised as part of the cost of those assets. The capitalisation of such borrowing costs ceases when the assets are substantially ready for their  intended use or sale. Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs capitalised. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds.

## Dividends

Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general meeting.

## Foreign currencies

These  financial  statements  are  presented  in  RMB,  which  is  the  Company's  functional  currency.  Each  entity  in  the Group  determines  its  own  functional  currency  and  items  included  in  the  financial  statements  of  each  entity  are measured  using  that  functional  currency.  Foreign  currency  transactions  recorded  by  the  entities  in  the  Group  are initially recorded using their respective functional currency rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets  and  liabilities  denominated  in  foreign  currencies  are  translated  at  the  functional  currency  rates  of  exchange ruling  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period.  Differences  arising  on  settlement  or  translation  of  monetary  items  are recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Foreign currencies (Continued)

Non-monetary  items  that  are  measured  in  terms  of  historical  cost  in  a  foreign  currency  are  translated  using  the exchange  rates  at  the  dates  of  the  initial  transactions.  Non-monetary  items  measured  at  fair  value  in  a  foreign currency  are  translated  using  the  exchange  rates  at  the  date  when  the  fair  value  was  measured.  The  gain  or  loss arising  on  translation  of  a  non-monetary  item  measured  at  fair  value  is  treated  in  line  with  the  recognition  of  the gain or loss on change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation difference on the item whose fair value gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss, respectively).

In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income on the derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance consideration, the date of initial transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognises the non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability arising from the advance consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts in advance, the Group determines the transaction date for each payment or receipt of the advance consideration.

The functional currency of an overseas subsidiary is a currency other than the RMB. As at the end of the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary are translated into RMB at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the reporting period and its statement of profit or loss is translated into RMB at the weighted average exchange rates for the year.

The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the exchange fluctuation  reserve.  On  disposal  of  a  foreign  operation,  the  component  of  other  comprehensive  income  relating  to that particular foreign operation is recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of overseas subsidiaries are translated into  RMB  at  the  exchange  rates  ruling  at  the  dates  of  the  cash  flows.  Frequently  recurring  cash  flows  of  overseas subsidiaries which arise throughout the year are translated into RMB at the weighted average exchange rates for the year.

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES

The  preparation  of  the  Group's  financial  statements  requires  management  to  make  judgements,  estimates  and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and their accompanying disclosures,  and  the  disclosure  of  contingent  liabilities.  Uncertainty  about  these  assumptions  and  estimates  could result in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities affected in the future.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)

## Judgements

In the process of applying the Group's accounting policies, management has made the following judgements, apart from those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements:

## Consolidation of entities in which the Group holds less than a majority of voting rights

The Group considers that it controls Zhongsheng Jinyu even though it owns less than 50% of the voting rights. This is  because  the  Group  and  two  other  shareholders  entered into an Acting in Concert agreement, which constitutes 90% of the voting rights. Since the date of acquisition of Zhongsheng Jinyu, there has been no history of the other shareholders collaborating to exercise their votes collectively or to outvote the Group.

## Revenue from contracts with customers

The Group applied the following judgement that significantly affects the determination of the amount and timing of revenue from contracts with customers:

## Estimation uncertainty

The  key  assumptions  concerning  the  future  and  other  key  sources  of  estimation  uncertainty  at  the  end  of  the reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.

## Provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables and other receivables

The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables. The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss patterns.

The provision matrix is initially  based  on  the  Group's  historical  observed  default  rates.  The  Group  will  calibrate  the matrix  to  adjust  the  historical  credit  loss  experience  with  forward-looking  information.  For  instance,  if  forecast economic conditions (i.e.,  gross  domestic  products)  are  expected  to  deteriorate  over  the  next  year  which  can  lead to  an  increased  number  of  defaults  in  the  manufacturing  sector,  the  historical  default  rates  are  adjusted.  At  each reporting date, the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)

## Estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## Provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables and other receivables (Continued)

Other receivables mainly included deposits and loans to third parties. An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date by considering the probability of default of comparable companies with published credit ratings. In the situation where no comparable companies with credit ratings can be identified, expected credit losses are estimated by applying a loss rate approach with reference to the historical loss record of the Group. The loss rate is adjusted to reflect the current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions, as appropriate.

The assessment of the correlation among historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions and ECLs is a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and forecast economic conditions. The Group's historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may also not be representative of a customer's actual default in the future. The information about the ECLs on the Group's trade receivables and other receivables is disclosed in note 21 and note 22 to the financial statements.

## Leases - Estimating the incremental borrowing rate

The  Group  cannot  readily  determine  the  interest  rate  implicit  in  a  lease,  and  therefore,  it  uses  an  incremental borrowing rate ('IBR') to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that the Group would have to pay to borrow over a similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment. The IBR therefore reflects what the Group 'would have to pay', which requires estimation when no observable rates are available (such as for subsidiaries that do not enter into financing transactions) or when it needs to be adjusted to reflect the terms and conditions of the lease (for example, when leases  are  not  in  the  subsidiary's  functional  currency).  The  Group  estimates  the  IBR  using  observable  inputs (such as market interest rates) when available and is required to make certain entity-specific estimates (such as the subsidiary's stand-alone credit rating).

## Impairment of non-financial assets (other than goodwill)

The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for all non-financial assets (including the rightof-use assets) at the end of each reporting period. Other non-financial assets are tested for impairment when there are indicators that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset or a cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. The calculation of the fair value less costs of disposal is based on available data from binding sales transactions in an arm's length transaction of similar assets or observable market prices less incremental costs  for  disposing  of  the  asset.  When  value  in  use  calculations  are  undertaken,  management  must  estimate  the expected future cash flows from the asset or cash-generating unit and choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)

## Estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## Deferred tax assets

Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available  against  which  the  losses  can  be  utilised.  Significant  management  judgement  is  required  to  determine  the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon the likely timing and level of future taxable profits together with future tax planning strategies. The carrying value of deferred tax assets relating to recognised tax losses at  31  December 2022 was nil (2021: RMB nil). The amount of unrecognised tax losses at 31 December 2022 was RMB118,639,000 (2021: RMB100,077,000). Further details are contained in note 27 to the financial statements.

## Development costs

Development  costs  are  capitalised  in  accordance  with  the  accounting  policy  for  research  and  development  costs in  note  2.4  to  the  financial  statements.  Determining  the  amounts  to  be  capitalised  requires  management  to make  assumptions  regarding  the  expected  future  cash  generation  of  the  assets,  discount  rates  to  be  applied  and the  expected  period  of  benefits.  At  31  December  2022,  the  best  estimate  of  the  carrying  amount  of  capitalised development costs was RMB3,078,000 (2021: RMB4,877,000).

## Useful lives and residual values of property, plant and equipment

The Group's management determines the residual values, useful lives and related depreciation charges of the Group's property, plant and equipment. This estimate is based on the historical experience of the actual residual values and useful lives of property, plant and equipment of similar nature and functions. It could change significantly as a result of technical innovations and competitor actions in response to severe industry cycles. Management will increase the depreciation charge where residual values or useful lives are less than previously estimated, or it will write off or write down technically obsolete or non-strategic assets that have been abandoned or sold. Actual economic lives may differ from estimated useful lives. Periodic review could result in a change in depreciable lives and therefore depreciation in the future periods.

## Provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventories

Management reviews the condition of inventories of the Group and makes provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventory items which are identified as no longer suitable for sale or use. Management estimates the net realisable value  for  such  inventories  based  primarily  on  the  latest  invoice  prices  and  current  market  conditions.  The  Group carries out an inventory review at the end of each reporting period and makes provision for obsolete and slow-moving items.  Management  reassesses  the  estimation  at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period.  The  identification  of  obsolete and slow-moving inventory items requires the use of judgements and estimates. Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, such difference will impact on the carrying value of inventories and the write-down of inventories recognised in the period in which such estimate has been made.

## 4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION

For management purposes, the Group has one reportable operating segment, the in-vitro diagnostic reagent products segment, which manufactures, sells and distributes a variety of mono/double diagnostic reagent products.

Management monitors  the  operating  results  of  the  Group's  business  units  as  a  whole  for  the  purpose  of  making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment. All of the Group's revenue from external customers and profits are generated from this single segment.

## Geographical information

For  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  96%  of  the  Group's  revenue  was  generated  from  customers  located  in Mainland China, and as at  31  December  2022,  all  the  non-current  assets  of  the  Group  were  located  in  Mainland China.

## Information about major customers

Revenue of approximately RMB44,632,000 (2021: RMB62,407,000) was derived from sales by the in-vitro diagnostic reagent products segment to one single customer located in Anhui province, China, which accounted for more than 10% of the Group's total revenue.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS

An analysis of revenue is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Revenue from contracts with customers  371,214  345,789  Rental income  1,857  2,436  373,071  348,225  Types of goods or services  Sale of in-vitro diagnostic reagent products  336,860  345,789  Other service  34,354  -  371,214  345,789  Timing of revenue recognition  Goods and services transferred at a point in time  371,214  345,789  Other income  Government grants  2,897  3,033  Other interest income  335  219  Others  1,108  41  4,340  3,293  Gains  Others  115  5  4,455  3,298   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6. PROFIT BEFORE TAX

The Group's profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

| 2022  2021  Notes  RMB'000  RMB'000  Cost of inventories sold (i)  204,913  204,633  Cost of services provided (i)  21,881  -  226,794  204,633  Employee benefit expense (including directors' and  supervisors' remuneration (note 8) ):  Wages, salaries and bonuses  50,545  45,702  Pension scheme contributions  (defined contribution scheme)*  7,435  6,874  Social welfare and other costs  9,431  9,679  67,411  62,255  Research and development costs (ii)  26,867  24,944  Government grants  5  (2,897)  (3,033)  Loss on disposal of items of property,  plant and equipment, net  105  200  Loss on disposal of inventories  681  -  Lease payments not included in the measurement of  lease liabilities  14(c)  606  3,401  Auditor's remuneration  1,880  1,500  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  12  18,512  23,402  Depreciation of investment properties  13  602  -  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  14(a)  2,804  3,070  Amortisation of other intangible assets  16  2,411  1,456  Impairment/(Reversal) of trade and bills receivables  21  467  (232)  Impairment of other receivables  (873)  361  Impairment of prepayments  15  600  -  Impairment of goodwill  -  309  Impairment of long-term equity investments  17  708  273  Provision for inventories to net realisable value  3,702  12,280  Interest on bank and other loans  7  6,132  9,840  Interest on lease liabilities  7  685  725  Foreign exchange differences, net  (224)  78   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* There are no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group as the employer to reduce the existing level of contributions

- (i) For  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  cost  of  inventories  sold  and  service  provided  included  the depreciation  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  of  RMB10,339,000  (2021:  RMB13,250,000),  employee benefit  costs  of  RMB22,496,000  (2021:  RMB16,031,000)  and  depreciation  of  right-of-use  assets  of RMB1,532,000 (2021: RMB1,540,000).
- (ii) For  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  research  and  development  costs  included  the  depreciation  of property,  plant  and  equipment  of  RMB3,354,000  (2021:  RMB3,337,000),  employee  benefit  costs  of RMB15,548,000  (2021:  RMB12,239,000)  and  depreciation  of  right-of-use  assets  of  RMB441,000  (2021: RMB395,000).

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 7. FINANCE COSTS

An analysis of finance costs is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Interest on bank and other loans  6,132  9,840  Interest on lease liabilities  685  725  6,817  10,565   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8. DIRECTORS' AND SUPERVISORS' REMUNERATION

Directors' and chief executive's remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules, section 383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Fees  180  185  Other emoluments:  Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind  2,853  3,151  3,033  3,336   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 8. DIRECTORS' AND SUPERVISORS' REMUNERATION (Continued)

## (a) Independent non-executive directors

The fees paid to independent non-executive directors during the year were as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Dr. Zheng Yongtang  60  60  Mr. Ren Fujin  60  60  Ms. Li Li  1  -  30  Mr. Lu Qi 2  60  35  180  185   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There were no other emoluments payable to the independent non-executive directors for the years of 2022 and 2021.

1 Ms. Li Li was appointed as an independent non-executive director on 11 March 2020 and resigned as an independent non-executive director on 28 May 2021.

2 Mr. Lu Qi was appointed as an independent non-executive director on 28 May 2021.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 8. DIRECTORS' AND SUPERVISORS' REMUNERATION (Continued)

## (b) Executive directors, non-executive directors and supervisors

| Fees  Salaries,  allowances  and benefits  in kind  Total  remuneration  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  2022  Executive directors:  Mr. Wu Lebin  -  1,942  1,942  Mr. Lin Yanglin 1  -  -  -  -  1,942  1,942  Non-executive directors:  Dr. Sun Zhe  -  -  -  Ms. Cheng Yali  -  -  -  -  -  -  Supervisors:  Dr. Shen Sheng  -  -  -  Ms. Ren Junhe 7  -  234  234  Mr. Zhou Jie  -  677  677  -  911  911  Chief executive:  Mr. Chen Peng 8  -  1,846  1,846  -  1,846  1,846   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 8. DIRECTORS' AND SUPERVISORS' REMUNERATION (Continued)

## (b) Executive directors, non-executive directors and supervisors (Continued)

| Fees  Salaries,  allowances  and benefits  in kind  Total  remuneration  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  2021  Executive directors:  Mr. Wu Lebin  -  1,222  1,222  Mr. Lin Yanglin 1  -  1,115  1,115  Mr. Chen Jintian 2  -  -  -  Mr. Chen Jianhua 3  -  -  -  -  2,337  2,337  Non-executive directors:  Dr. Sun Zhe  -  -  -  Mr. Wang Tao 4  -  -  -  Ms. Cheng Yali  -  -  -  Mrs. Zeng Shuangzi 5  -  -  -  -  -  -  Supervisors:  Dr. Shen Sheng  -  -  -  Ms. Huang Aiyu 6  -  -  -  Ms. Ren Junhe 7  -  233  233  Mr. Zhou Jie  -  581  581  -  814  814  Chief executive:  Mr. Chen Peng 8  -  95  95  -  95  95   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Mr. Lin Yanglin was appointed as an executive director on 28 May 2021.

2 Mr. Chen Jintian resigned as an executive director on 28 May 2021.

3 Mr. Chen Jianhua resigned as an executive director on 28 May 2021.

4 Mr. Wang Tao was appointed as an non-executive director on 20 November 2020 and resigned as an non-executive director on 22 November 2021.

5 Ms. Zeng Shuangzi was appointed as an non-executive director on 28 May 2021 and resigned as an non-executive director on 22 November 2021.

6 Ms. Huang Aiyu resigned as an independence supervisor on 28 May 2021.

7 Ms. Ren Junhe was appointed as an independence supervisor on 28 May 2021.

8 Mr. Chen Peng was appointed as a chief executive on 7 December 2021.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 9. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

The  five  highest  paid  employees  during  the  year  included  two  directors  (2021:  two  directors),  details  of  whose remuneration are set out in note 8 above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining three (2021: three) highest paid employees who are neither a director nor supervisor of the Company are as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind  1,926  2,197  Pension scheme contributions  125  210  2,051  2,407   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The remuneration of the non-director and non-supervisor highest paid employees fell within the following band as follows:

| Number of employees  2022  2021  Nil to RMB1,000,000  3  3   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------|

## 10. INCOME TAX

Taxes on profits assessable in the PRC, where the Group operates, have been calculated at the rate of tax prevailing in the PRC. Under the PRC income tax laws, enterprises are subject to corporate income tax ('CIT') at a rate of 25%.

The Company and its two subsidiaries, Zhongsheng Jinyu and Biosino Suzhou, are entitled to a preferential rate of 15% under the PRC income tax laws for a period of three years commencing from 2 December 2020, 21 October 2020 and 3 November 2021, respectively, as they are accredited by the relevant government authorities as High and New Technology Enterprises.

No Hong Kong profits tax has been provided because the Group did not generate any assessable profits in Hong Kong during the year.

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Current - the PRC  Charge for the year  5,153  4,597  Deferred (note 27)  (839)  (1,350)  Total tax charge for the year  4,314  3,247   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 10. INCOME TAX (Continued)

A  reconciliation  of  the  tax  expense  applicable  to  loss  before  tax  at  the  statutory  rate  for  the  country  in  which the  Company and the majority of its subsidiaries are domiciled to the tax expense at the effective tax rate, and a reconciliation of the applicable rate (i.e., the statutory tax rate) to the effective tax rate, are as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  %  RMB'000  %  Profit before tax  18,516  6,407  Tax at the statutory tax rate  4,629  25  1,602  25  Preferential tax rate or concessions  (221)  (1)  76  1  Adjustments in respect of current tax  of previous periods  534  3  -  -  Profits attributable to joint ventures  and associates  (980)  (5)  (236)  (4)  Accelerated research and development  deductible expenses  (3,891)  (21)  (3,591)  (56)  Income not subject to tax  -  -  20  -  Expenses not deductible for tax  532  3  566  9  Tax losses and deductible temporary differences  not recognised  3,711  20  4,810  75  Tax charge at the Group's effective rate  4,314  23  3,247  51   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  share  of  tax  attributable  to  associates  and  joint  ventures  amounting  to  RMB980,000  (2021:  RMB236,000)  is included in 'Share of profits and losses of joint ventures and associates' in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 11. EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT

The calculation of the earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the year attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 144,707,176 (2021: 144,707,176) in issue during the year.

No  adjustment  has  been  made  to  the  basic  earnings/(loss)  per  share  amounts  presented  for  the  years  ended  31 December 2022 and 2021 in respect of a dilution as the Group had no potentially dilutive ordinary shares in issue during both the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

The calculations of basic and diluted earnings/(loss) per share are based on:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  ## Earnings/(Loss)  Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent, used in the basic and diluted earnings per share calculations  8,106  (1,140)  Numbers of shares  2022  2021  ## Shares  Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year used in the basic and diluted earnings per share calculations  144,707,176  144,707,176   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| Buildings  Leasehold  improvements  Machinery  Furniture  and fixtures  Motor  vehicles  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  31 December 2022  At 1 January 2022:  Cost  62,933  39,157  195,938  8,130  7,342  313,500  Accumulated depreciation  (17,160)  (31,032)  (156,354)  (7,681)  (6,465)  (218,692)  Net carrying amount  45,773  8,125  39,584  449  877  94,808  At 1 January 2022, net of  accumulated depreciation and impairment  45,773  8,125  39,584  449  877  94,808  Additions  -  4,228  14,246  214  374  19,062  Disposals  -  -  (457)  (2)  (18)  (477)  Transfer to investment properties  (22,037)  -  -  -  -  (22,037)  Depreciation provided during the year  (1,397)  (2,317)  (14,494)  (265)  (39)  (18,512)  At 31 December 2022, net of  accumulated depreciation  22,339  10,036  38,879  396  1,194  72,844  At 31 December 2022:  Cost  40,896  43,385  209,727  8,342  7,698  310,048  Accumulated depreciation  (18,557)  (33,349)  (170,848)  (7,946)  (6,504)  (237,204)  Net carrying amount  23,339  10,036  38,879  396  1,194  72,844   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 12. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

| Buildings  Leasehold  improvements  Machinery  Furniture  and fixtures  Motor  vehicles  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  31 December 2021  At 1 January 2021:  Cost  62,933  36,706  195,612  7,953  7,305  310,509  Accumulated depreciation  (15,162)  (24,232)  (142,163)  (7,292)  (6,441)  (195,290)  Net carrying amount  47,771  12,474  53,449  661  864  115,219  At 1 January 2021, net of  accumulated depreciation and impairment  47,771  12,474  53,449  661  864  115,219  Additions  -  3,061  415  216  51  3,743  Disposals  -  (610)  (89)  (39)  (14)  (752)  Depreciation provided during the year  (1,998)  (6,800)  (14,191)  (389)  (24)  (23,402)  At 31 December 2021, net of  accumulated depreciation  45,773  8,125  39,584  449  877  94,808  At 31 December 2021:  Cost  62,933  39,157  195,938  8,130  7,342  313,500  Accumulated depreciation  (17,160)  (31,032)  (156,354)  (7,681)  (6,465)  (218,692)  Net carrying amount  45,773  8,125  39,584  449  877  94,808   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At  31  December  2022,  the  Group's  buildings  with  a  net  carrying  amount  of  approximately  RMB22.55  million  (31 December 2021: RMB23.83 million), and prepaid land lease payments with a net carrying amount of approximately RMB2.33  million  (31  December  2021:  RMB2.41  million)  were  pledged  to  Beijing  Zhongguancun  Guarantee Technology Financing Guarantee Co., Ltd. ('Zhongguancun Guarantee'), which guaranteed the Group, to secure the bank loans of RMB62.2 million (31 December 2021: RMB72.6 million) in principal from Bank of Beijing Co., Ltd. and RMB10 million in principal from China Guangfa Bank. The Company has signed multiple loan contracts with Bank of Beijing Co., Ltd. and China Guangfa Bank. The loans will be due in January to December 2023 due to different maturities.  In  addition,  the  Group  borrowed  RMB20  million  (31  December  2021:  RMB30  million)  in  principal  from Zhongguancun Guarantee. The loan will be due in March 2023.

At  28  December  2022,  the  Company  entered  into  a  sale  and  leaseback  agreement  with  Zhongguancun  ScienceTech Leasing Co., Ltd. ('Zhongguancun Leasing') for certain items of machinery of the Company. Pursuant to the agreement,  the  Company  agreed  to  sell  the  machinery  with  an  original  cost  of  RMB27  million  to  Zhongguancun Leasing  with  a  selling  price  of  RMB10  million  and  lease  them  back  simultaneously.  During  the  lease  period,  all significant risks and rewards regarding such machinery were borne by the Company. At the end of the lease period, the  Company  was  awarded  with  a  repurchase  option  to  buy  back  the  aforesaid  machinery  without  consideration. The Company will pay a quarterly rental fee of approximately RMB1.3 million to Zhongguancun Leasing in 2 years with  an  effective  interest  rate  of  6.80%.  As  of  30  December  2022,  the  Company  received  all  the  principals  from Zhongguancun  Leasing.  The  Company  was  of  the  opinion  that  the  substance  of  the  leaseback  arrangement  is  to obtain a loan from Zhongguancun Leasing with the Company's machinery as securities. At 31 December 2022, the balance of the loan from Zhongguancun Leasing amounted to RMB10 million.

## 12. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

At  18  May  2022,  the  Company  entered  into  a  sale  and  leaseback  agreement  with  Haitong  Hengxin  International Finance  Leasing  Co.,  Ltd.  ('Haitong  Hengxin')  for  certain  items  of  machinery  of  the  Company.  Pursuant  to  the agreement, the Company agreed to sell the machinery with an original cost of RMB22 million to Haitong Hengxin with a selling price of RMB12 million and lease them back simultaneously. During the lease period, all significant risks and rewards regarding such machinery were borne by the Company. At the end of the lease period, the Company was awarded with a repurchase option to buy back the aforesaid machinery without consideration. The Company paid a monthly rental fee of RMB0.54 million for the first to 12th months, a monthly rental fee of RMB0.52 million for the 13th to 24th months,with an effective interest rate of 5.60% per annum. As of 25 May 2022, the Company received  all  the  principals  from  Haitong  Hengxin.  The  Company  was  of  the  opinion  that  the  substance  of  the leaseback arrangement is to obtain a loan from Haitong Hengxin with the Company's machinery as securities. At 31 December 2022, the balance of the loan from Haitong Hengxin amounted to RMB8.55 million.

## 13. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Net carrying amount at 1 January 2022  -  -  Depreciation provided during the year  (602)  -  Transferred from property, plant and equipment  22,037  -  Net carrying amount at 31 December 2022  21,435  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At  31  December  2022,  the  Group's  buildings  with  a  net  carrying  amount  of  approximately  RMB21.44  million  (31 December 2021: RMB22.16 million) were mortgaged to Beijing Chenguang Changsheng Financing Guarantee Co., Ltd.,  which  provided  guarantees  for  the  Group,  to  obtain  the  bank  loan  of  RMB10  million  (31  December  2021: RMB8.79 million) in principal from China Construction Bank. The loan will be due in November 2023.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 14. LEASES

## The Group as a lessee

The Group has lease contracts for various items of plant and machinery, and equipment used in its operations. Lump sum payments were made upfront to acquire the leased land from the owners with lease periods of 40 years, and no ongoing payments will be made under the terms of these land leases. Leases of plant and machinery generally have lease terms between 2 and 5 years. Other equipment generally has lease terms of 12 months or less and/or is individually of low value.

## (a) Right-of-use assets

The carrying amounts of the Group's right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are as follows:

| Prepaid  land lease  payments  *  Plant and  machinery  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  As at 1 January 2021  2,491  12,614  15,105  Depreciation charge  (81)  (2,989)  (3,070)  As at 31 December 2021 and  1 January 2022  2,410  9,625  12,035  Additions  -  3,096  3,096  Depreciation charge  (81)  (2,723)  (2,804)  As at 31 December 2022  2,329  9,998  12,327   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Details of the pledged information is disclosed in note 12 to the financial statements.

## 14. LEASES (Continued)

## The Group as a lessee (Continued)

## (b) Lease liabilities

The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:

| 2022  2021  Lease liabilities  Lease liabilities  RMB'000  RMB'000  Carrying amount at 1 January  11,748  14,461  New leases  3,096  -  Accretion of interest expense recognised during the year  685  725  Payments  (4,942)  (3,438)  Carrying amount at 31 December  10,587  11,748  Analysed into:  Current portion  3,288  2,506  Non-current portion  7,299  9,242   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (c) The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Interest on lease liabilities  685  725  Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets  2,804  3,070  Expense relating to short-term leases and other leases  598  3,393  Expense relating to leases of low-value assets  (included in administrative expenses)  8  8  Total amount recognised in profit or loss  4,095  7,196   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(d) The total cash outflow for leases and future cash outflows relating to leases that have not yet commenced are disclosed in notes 32(b) and 38 to the financial statements, respectively.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 15. PREPAYMENTS

Prepayments

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  -  600   |
|----------------------------------------|

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  impairment  of  prepayments  related  to  the  purchase  of  patents  and  license  was RMB600,000.

## 16. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS

| Patents  and license  Computer  software  Development  costs  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  31 December 2022  At 31 December 2021 and  1 January 2022:  Cost  31,839  3,034  6,109  40,982  Accumulated amortisation  (8,973)  (1,591)  (1,232)  (11,796)  Impairment  (2,010)  -  -  (2,010)  Net carrying amount  20,856  1,443  4,877  27,176  At 1 January 2022  20,856  1,443  4,877  27,176  Purchases/additions  -  137  1,539  1,676  Transfer out  3,338  -  (3,338)  -  Amortisation provided during the year  (2,066)  (345)  -  (2,411)  At 31 December 2022  22,128  1,235  3,078  26,441  At 31 December 2022:  Cost  35,177  3,171  4,310  42,658  Accumulated amortisation  (11,039)  (1,936)  (1,232)  (14,207)  Impairment  (2,010)  -  -  (2,010)  Net carrying amount  22,128  1,235  3,078  26,441   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 16. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

| Patent  and license  Computer  software  Development  cost  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  31 December 2021  At 31 December 2020 and  1 January 2021:  Cost  24,903  3,016  10,257  38,176  Accumulated amortisation  (7,822)  (1,286)  (1,232)  (10,340)  Impairment  (2,010)  -  -  (2,010)  Net carrying amount  15,071  1,730  9,025  25,826  At 1 January 2021  15,071  1,730  9,025  25,826  Purchases/additions  -  18  2,788  2,806  Transfer out  6,936  -  (6,936)  -  Amortisation provided during the year  (1,151)  (305)  -  (1,456)  At 31 December 2021  20,856  1,443  4,877  27,176  At 31 December 2021:  Cost  31,839  3,034  6,109  40,982  Accumulated amortisation  (8,973)  (1,591)  (1,232)  (11,796)  Impairment  (2,010)  -  -  (2,010)  Net carrying amount  20,856  1,443  4,877  27,176   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Share of net assets  24,178  24,224  Goodwill on acquisition  4,282  4,282  28,460  28,506  Provision for impairment  (16,444)  (15,736)  12,016  12,770   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 17. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES (Continued)

Particulars of the Group's joint ventures are as follows:

| Percentage of  Name  Particulars of  issued shares  held  Place of  registration  Ownership  interest  Voting  power  Profit  sharing  Principal activity  Beijing Yanqi Lake Resort  Co., Ltd. ('Yanqi Lake')  （北京雁棲湖度假村有限公司）  Registered capital  of RMB1 each  PRC  50%  50%  50%  Accommodation and real  estate development  Suzhou Otian Medical Co., Ltd.  ('Suzhou Otian')  （蘇州奧潤醫療科技有限公司）  Registered capital  of RMB1 each  PRC  35%  35%  35%  Production of scientific  instruments   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above investments are directly held by the Company.

On  18  November  2020,  Zhongke  (Beijing)  Fund  Management  Company  Limited  ('Zhongke  Fund'),  a  previous subsidiary  to  the  Company,  transferred  50%  of  its  equity  interest  in  Yanqi  Lake  to  the  Company  to  offset  due amounts owed by Zhongke Fund to the Company, as disclosed in note 22 to the financial statements.

The  following  table  illustrates  the  summarised  financial  information  in  respect  of  Yanqi  Lake  adjusted  for  any differences in accounting policies in joint ventures in the financial statements:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Current assets  92  92  Non-current assets  68,978  68,978  Current liabilities  (12,743)  (12,652)  Non-current liabilities  (37,094)  (37,094)  Net assets  19,233  19,324  Share of the joint venture's results:  Total expenses  (91)  (66)  Net loss  (91)  (66)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Suzhou Otian has been in dormant status since 2016 according to management's decision. Based on the status and forecast of the joint venture, the investment has been fully impaired. The Company has discontinued the recognition of its share of losses of Suzhou Otian since the year of 2017. The total amounts of the Group's unrecognised share of  losses  of  Suzhou  Otian  for  the  current  year  and  cumulatively  were  nil  (2021:  nil)  and  RMB1,008,000  (2021: RMB1,008,000), respectively.

## 18. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES

Share of net assets

Particulars of the associates are as follows:

| Name  Place of  registration  and business  Percentage of  ownership interest  attributable  to the Group  Principal  activities  Beijing Zhongshe Baike Scientific Instrument  and Technology Co., Ltd. ('Baike')  （北京中生百克科學儀器技術有限公司）  PRC  20%  Production of scientific  instruments  Sinofn (Tianjin) Pharm-Tech Co., Ltd.  ('Sinofn Tianjin')  （中恩（天津） 醫藥科技有限公司）  PRC  39.21%  Wholesale of pre-packaged  healthcare food   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group has discontinued the recognition of its share of losses of Baike because the share of losses of the associate exceeded the Group's investments in the associate. The total amounts of the Group's unrecognised share of losses of  Baike  for  the  current  year  and  cumulatively  were  RMB316,000  (2021:RMB251,000)  and  RMB2,441,000  (2021: RMB2,125,000).

Sinofn Tianjin is considered a material associate of the Group, which is engaged in the manufacture and wholesale of prepacked food and is accounted for using the equity method.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  54,088  47,508   |
|------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 18. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

The  following  table  illustrates  the  summarised  financial  information  in  respect  of  Sinofn  Tianjin  adjusted  for  any differences in accounting policies and reconciled to the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Current assets  54,045  59,658  Non-current assets, excluding goodwill  172,934  171,186  Current liabilities  (77,601)  (93,388)  Non-current liabilities  (11,434)  (16,294)  Net assets  137,944  121,162  Reconciliation to the Group's interest in the associate:  Proportion of the Group's ownership  39.21%  39.21%  Group's share of net assets of the associate  54,088  47,508  Carrying amount of the investment  54,088  47,508  Revenue  123,754  89,340  Profit for the year  16,782  2,962  Total comprehensive income for the year  16,782  2,962   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 19. LONG-TERM RECEIVABLES

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Receivables from sales and other deposits  2,700  770   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 20. INVENTORIES

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Raw materials  21,514  22,064  Work in progress  3,888  3,650  Semi-finished goods  2,237  3,122  Finished goods  44,495  46,255  72,134  75,091  Impairment  16,648  15,092  55,486  59,999   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 21. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Trade and bills receivables  219,443  210,909  Impairment  (3,932)  (3,465)  215,511  207,444   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Except for certain established customers of the Group, which have been granted with payment terms ranging from two to four years in respect of certain sales of instruments, the credit periods of the Group granted to its customers generally range from 0 to 360 days. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables and overdue balances are reviewed regularly by senior management. In view of the aforementioned and the fact that the Group's trade receivables relate to a large number of diversified customers, there is no significant concentration of credit risk. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade receivable balances. Trade receivables are non-interest-bearing.

An ageing analysis of the trade and bills receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date and net of loss allowance, is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Within 3 months  81,667  43,823  4 to 6 months  30,446  46,096  7 to 12 months  44,433  34,298  1 to 2 years  28,087  48,958  Over 2 years  30,878  34,269  215,511  207,444   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 21. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (Continued)

The movements in loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  At beginning of year  3,465  3,697  Impairment losses (note 6)  467  (232)  At end of year  3,932  3,465   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

An  impairment  analysis  is  performed  at  each  reporting  date  using  a  provision  matrix  to  measure  expected  credit losses. The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments with similar loss patterns (i.e., customer type and rating). The calculation reflects the probability-weighted outcome, the time value of money and reasonable and supportable information that is available at the reporting date about past events, current conditions  and  forecasts  of  future  economic  conditions.  Generally,  trade  receivables  are  written  off  if  past  due  for more than two to three years, depending on the customer type, and are not subject to enforcement activity.

Set  out  below  is  the  information  about  the  credit  risk  exposure  on  the  Group's  trade  receivables  using  a  provision matrix:

## As at 31 December 2022

| Past due  Current  Less than  1 year  Over  1 year  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Expected credit loss rate  -  0.23%  6.00%  1.79%  Gross carrying amount (RMB'000)  81,667  75,050  62,726  219,443  Expected credit losses (RMB'000)  -  171  3,761  3,932   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## As at 31 December 2021

| Past due  Current  Less than  1 year  Over  1 year  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Expected credit loss rate  -  0.16%  3.85%  1.64%  Gross carrying amount (RMB'000)  43,823  80,526  86,560  210,909  Expected credit losses (RMB'000)  -  132  3,333  3,465   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 22. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS

| 2022  2021  Notes  RMB'000  RMB'000  Due from Zhongke Fund  (a)  31,156  34,428  Prepayments  10,998  40,486  Due from IDC  (b)  -  14,983  Deposits and other receivables  (c)  13,017  13,459  55,171  103,356  Impairment allowance:  Others  (c)  (6,058)  (7,192)  49,113  96,164   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) The Company sold its 51% equity interest in Zhongke Fund to Beijing Hengxing Huawei Commerce Co., Ltd. ('Beijing Hengxing') on 25 December 2019. Zhongke Fund ceased to be a subsidiary of the Company thereafter.  Before  the  disposal,  the  Group  had  provided  loans  to  Zhongke  Fund  with  the  principals  of RMB167.8 million and interest of RMB21.9 million to support its business operation; and the aggregated amounts due on 31 December 2019 totalled to RMB189.7 million. These loans had various repayment dates with different interest rates.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 22. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS (Continued)

- (a) (Continued)

On  26  December  2019,  the  Company,  Zhongke  Fund,  Yanqi  Lake  and  Ms.  Lin  Rongjia,  the  70%  equity interest  holder  of  Beijing  Hengxing,  entered  into  a  facility  and  guarantee  agreement  regarding  the repayment of payables amounting to RMB184.3 million owed by Zhongke Fund. Pursuant to the agreement:

- (1) RMB184.3 million shall be repaid by Zhongke Fund on or before 30 June 2020; and
- (2) a guarantee was given by each of Yanqi Lake and Ms. Lin Rongjia jointly in favour of the Company to  guarantee  Zhongke  Fund's  repayment  of  all  amounts  due  under  the  facility  and  guarantee agreement.

The Company estimated the expected cash shortfalls on the existing conditions and information available before/as of 31 December 2019 (including but not limited to the probable recoverable amounts from the guarantee  provided  by  each  of  Yanqi  Lake  and  Ms.  Lin  Rongjia  jointly  in  favour  of  the  Company  on  26 December 2019). According to the PRC laws, Yanqi Lake and Ms. Lin Rongjia, being the guarantors, are liable to settle the outstanding amount caused by Zhongke Fund's default with three properties which could be claimed under the guarantee. The Company recognised an expected credit loss of RMB138.5 million for these amounts due from Zhongke Fund on 31 December 2019.

On 27 October 2020, the Company, Zhongke Fund, Yanqi Lake and Ms. Lin Rongjia proceeded to Beijing Association  for  Alternative  Dispute  Resolution  to  mediate  the  settlement  issue  in  relation  to  RMB184.3 million  payable  by  Zhongke  Fund,  previously  specified  in  the  facility  and  guarantee  agreement  dated  26 December 2019.

On 5 November 2020, all the four parties received a civil judgement (the 'Civil Judgement') from the No. 1 Intermediate People's Court of Beijing Municipality ruling that the agreement reached among all four parties at  the  mediation  is  valid  and  all  parties  shall  perform  their  respective  obligations  thereunder.  Should  any party fail to perform its obligation(s), the other parties may apply to the People's Court to enforce the Civil Judgement. A summary of the said mediation agreement reached by the four parties is set out as follows:

- (1) Zhongke Fund shall transfer 50% of its equity interest in Yanqi Lake to the Company before 13 November  2020  for  the  purpose  of  offsetting  RMB145  million  owed  by  Zhongke  Fund  to  the Company under the facility and guarantee agreement; and
- (2) Zhongke  Fund  shall  repay  in  cash  the  remaining  balance  of  the  outstanding  principals  and interest in the total amount of RMB37.8 million to the Company before 30 November 2020, the responsibility of which are jointly guaranteed by Yanqi Lake and Ms. Lin Rongjia.

On 18 November 2020, Zhongke Fund completed the transfer of 50% of its equity interest in Yanqi Lake to  the  Company.  The  fair  value  of  this  50%  equity  interest  in  Yanqi  Lake  together  with  the  guarantees provided by guarantors was approximately RMB50.9 million based on the Company's estimate.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 22. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS (Continued)

- (a) (Continued)

In 2021, the Company received RMB3.36 million in cash. The fair value of the 50% equity interest in Yanqi Lake together with the guarantees provided by guarantors was approximately RMB70.7 million based on the Company's estimate.

In 2022, the Company received RMB3.27 million in cash. The fair value of the 50% equity interest in Yanqi Lake together with the guarantees provided by guarantors was approximately RMB68.9 million based on the Company's estimate.

As of the date of this report, Zhongke Fund has not repaid in cash the remaining outstanding balance of RMB31.2 million in accordance with the Civil Judgement.

- (b) It  represented  the  prepayment  made  for  an  equity  investment  in  Imaging  Dynamics  Company  Ltd.  (IDC), a  listing  entity  located  in  Canada,  pursuant  to  the  investment  agreement  entered  on  17  July  2020.  In 2021,  the  Company  re-assessed  the  investment  plan  and  agreed  with  the  counterparty  to  terminate  the investment agreement. The prepayment of RMB14,983,800 was received in full on 10 March 2022.
- (c) For  financial  assets  included  in  deposits  and  other  receivables,  expected  credit  losses  are  estimated  by applying  a  loss  rate  approach  with  reference  to  the  historical  loss  record  of  the  Group.  The  loss  rate  is adjusted to reflect the current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions, as appropriate. The loss rate as at 31 December 2022 was 46.5% (2021: 53.4%).

## 23. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Cash and bank balances  77,349  44,469  Cash and cash equivalents  77,349  44,469   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  the  cash  and  bank  balances  of  the  Group  denominated  in  RMB  amounted  to RMB74,848,000 (2021:  RMB37,987,000).  The  RMB  is  not  freely  convertible  into  other  currencies,  however,  under Mainland  China's  Foreign  Exchange  Control  Regulations  and  Administration  of  Settlement,  Sale  and  Payment of  Foreign  Exchange  Regulations,  the  Group  is  permitted  to  exchange  RMB  for  other  currencies  through  banks authorised to conduct foreign exchange business.

Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. The bank balances and time deposits are deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 24. TRADE PAYABLES

An  ageing  analysis  of  the  trade  payables  as  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  based  on  the  invoice  date,  is  as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Within 3 months  25,795  45,197  4 to 6 months  8,308  30,822  7 to 12 months  30,869  24,702  1 to 2 years  39,181  40,261  Over 2 years  32,861  4,687  137,014  145,669   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on credit terms ranging from 30 to 90 days.

## 25. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

| 2022  2021  Notes  RMB'000  RMB'000  Other payables  26,114  33,168  Salaries and welfare payables  10,999  10,053  Contract liabilities  (a)  7,544  10,881  Accrued expenses  6,127  5,761  Other tax payable  6,711  3,047  Advances from customers  4,086  5,864  Due to a shareholder  (b)  3,500  3,000  Accrued interests  3,858  3,858  68,939  75,632   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Contract  liabilities  include  short-term  advances  received  to  deliver  in-vitro  diagnostic  reagents  and machinery.

(b) The balance as at 31 December 2022 represented the amount due to the Institute of Biophysics ('IBP'), which included an accrued technical service fee of RMB3.5 million (2021: RMB3 million) for the right to use technical know-how held by IBP. Further details of the technical service fee arrangements are set out in note 36 to the financial statements. The amount due to IBP is unsecured, interest-free and has no fixed terms of repayment.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 26. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS

| 31 December 2022  31 December 2021  Effective  interest  rate (%)  Maturity  RMB'000  Effective  interest  rate (%)  Maturity  RMB'000  Current  Bank loans - secured  3.60-4.85  2023  96,550  3.85-6.00  2022  126,386  Bank loans - unsecured  3.95  2023  6,000  3.95-5.22  2022  3,000  Other loans - secured  5.60-6.80  2023  31,003  16.56  2022  683  Other loans - unsecured  0.00-10.00  2022  23,186  Current portion of long-term  bank loans - unsecured  -  5.50  2022  8,500  133,553  161,755  Non-current  Other loans - secured  5.60-6.80  2024  7,548  16.56  2023  28  141,101  161,783  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Analysed into:  Bank and other loans repayable:  Within one year  133,553  161,755  In the second to third years, inclusive  7,548  28  141,101  161,783   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details of the pledged assets for the secured interest-bearing bank and other borrowings are disclosed in note 12 to the financial statements.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 27. DEFERRED TAX

The movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year are as follows:

## Deferred tax assets

| 2022  Accrued  expenses  Impairment of  assets  Others  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  At 1 January 2022  263  2,918  306  3,487  Deferred tax credited  to the statement of profit or  loss during the year (note 10)  444  47  (44)  447  At 31 December 2022  707  2,965  262  3,934  2021  Accrued  Expense  Impairment  of assets  Tax  losses  Others  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  At 1 January 2021  263  1,041  1,936  592  3,832  Deferred tax credited  to the statement of profit or  loss during the year (note 10)  -  1,877  (1,936)  (286)  (345)  At 31 December 2021  263  2,918  -  306  3,487   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27. DEFERRED TAX (Continued)

## Deferred tax liabilities

| 2022  Depreciation  of assets  Others  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  At 1 January 2022  3,269  4,322  7,591  Deferred tax charged to the statement of  profit or loss during the year (note 10)  518  (910)  (392)  At 31 December 2022  3,787  3,412  7,199  2021  Depreciation  of assets  Others  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  At 1 January 2021  5,027  4,259  9,286  Deferred tax charged to the statement of  profit or loss during the year (note 10)  (1,758)  63  (1,695)  At 31 December 2021  3,269  4,322  7,591   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group has tax losses arising in Mainland China of RMB118,639,000 (2021: RMB100,077,000) that will expire in one to ten years for offsetting against future taxable profits. Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of these losses as it is not considered probable that taxable profits will be available against which the tax losses can be utilised.

## 28. DEFERRED INCOME

Various  government  grants  have  been  received  for  setting  up  research  and  development  activities  and  acquisition of required assets. Government grants received which relate to assets or for which related expenditure has not yet been undertaken are included in deferred income in the statement of financial position and will be released to the statement of profit or loss over the expected useful life of the relevant assets by equal annual instalments or when the related expenses have been incurred. There are no unfulfilled conditions or contingencies relating to these grants, except that they must be used for research and development activities or acquisition of the required assets.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 29. SHARE CAPITAL

Registered, issued and fully paid:

80,421,033 (2021: 80,421,033) domestic shares of RMB1 each

64,286,143 (2021: 64,286,143) H shares of RMB1 each

No shares were issued during the year of 2022.

## 30. RESERVES

The amounts of the Group's reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years are presented in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on pages 9 and 10 of the financial statements.

## 31. PARTLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

Details of the Group's subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests are set out below:

| 2022  2021  Percentage of equity interest held by non-controlling interests: Zhongsheng Jinyu Anhui Biosino Biosino Suzhou  54.10%  54.10%  49.00%  49.00%  9.50%  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  80,421  80,421  64,286  64,286  144,707  144,707   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 31. PARTLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (Continued)

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Profit/(loss) for the year allocated to non-controlling interests:  Zhongsheng Jinyu  2,619  1,528  Anhui Biosino  4,260  3,403  Biosino Suzhou  (1,077)  -  Accumulated balances of non-controlling interests  at the reporting dates:  Zhongsheng Jinyu  15,112  12,493  Anhui Biosino  15,463  11,203  Biosino Suzhou  (2,153)  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following tables illustrate the summarised financial information of the above subsidiaries. The amounts disclosed are before any inter-company elimination:

| 2022  Zhongsheng  Jinyu  Anhui  Biosino  Biosino  Suzhou  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Revenue  71,369  90,307  11,060  Total expenses  (66,211)  (81,613)  (24,909)  Profit/(Loss) for the year  5,158  8,694  (13,849)  Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year  5,158  8,694  (13,849)  Current assets  31,390  159,151  15,142  Non-current assets  28,428  2,882  24,169  Current liabilities  29,584  132,938  59,306  Non-current liabilities  4,701  85  2,664  Net assets  25,533  29,010  (22,659)  Non-controlling interests  15,112  15,463  (2,153)  Net cash flows from/(used in) operating activities  8,290  14,586  (14,117)  Net cash flows (used in)/from investing activities  (2,492)  170  (3,859)  Net cash flows (used in)/from financing activities  (1,968)  (1,949)  20,097  Net increase in cash and cash equivalents  3,830  12,807  2,121   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 31. PARTLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (Continued)

| 2021  Zhongsheng Jinyu  Anhui Biosino  RMB'000  RMB'000  Revenue  38,296  104,937  Total expenses  (36,023)  (97,992)  Profit/(Loss) for the year  2,273  6,945  Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year  2,273  6,945  Current assets  26,421  183,031  Non-current assets  32,045  1,425  Current liabilities  28,962  163,984  Non-current liabilities  9,129  156  Net assets  20,375  20,316  Non-controlling interests  12,493  11,203  Net cash flows from/(used in) operating activities  6,066  (2,801)  Net cash flows used in investing activities  (2,816)  -  Net cash flows from/(used in) financing activities  1,362  (1,160)  Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents  4,612  (3,961)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 32. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

## (a) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

2022

| Bank and  other borrowings  Lease  liabilities  RMB'000  RMB'000  At 31 December 2021  161,783  11,748  New leases  -  3,096  Interest expense  -  685  Changes from financing cash flows  (20,682)  (4,942)  At 31 December 2022  141,101  10,587  2021  Bank and  other borrowings  Lease  liabilities  RMB'000  RMB'000  At 31 December 2021  191,801  14,461  Interest expense  -  725  Changes from financing cash flows  (30,018)  (3,438)  At 31 December 2021  161,783  11,748   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Total cash outflow for leases

The total cash outflow for leases included in the statement of cash flows is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Within financing activities  (4,942)  (3,438)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 33. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

At the end of the reporting period, contingent liabilities not provided for in the financial statements were as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Counter-guarantees given to a security company in  connection with loans  20,000  3,000  20,000  3,000   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 34. PLEDGE OF ASSETS

Details of the Group's assets pledged for the Group's bank and other loans are included in note 12 and note 13 to the financial statements.

## 35. COMMITMENTS

The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Contracted, but not provided for:  Know-how, patents and license  958  1,458   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On  9  December  2004,  the  Company  and  its  substantial  shareholder,  IBP,  entered  into  an  exclusive  technology licensing agreement (the 'Licensing Agreement') with regard to the production of diagnostic reagents by employing the  technologies  owned  by  IBP  (the  'Reagent  Technologies').  Pursuant  to  the  Licensing  Agreement,  the  Company is  required  to  pay  a  fee  of  RMB500,000  per  annum  to  IBP  for  20  years,  commencing  on  the  effective  date  of  the Licensing Agreement. As at 31 December 2022, the technical service fees payable by the Group of RMB3,500,000 (31 December 2021: RMB3,000,000) were included in the amount due to a shareholder in note 25(b) to the financial statements.

## 36. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

- (a) In  addition  to  the  transactions  detailed  elsewhere  in  these  financial  statements,  the  Group  had  the following transactions with related parties during the year:

Annual technical service fee to IBP

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  500  500   |
|------------------------------------------|

- (b) Outstanding balances with related parties are set out in notes 25 to the financial statements.
- (c) Compensation of key management personnel of the Group

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Short-term employee benefits  7,730  5,257  Post-employment benefits  475  362  Total compensation paid to key management personnel  8,205  5,619   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Further details of directors' and supervisors' emoluments are included in note 8 to the financial statements.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 37. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

## 2022

## Financial assets

| Financial  assets at  amortised cost  RMB'000  Long-term receivables  2,700  Trade and bills receivables  215,511  Financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets  38,115  Cash and cash equivalents  77,349  333,675  ## Financial liabilities  Financial  liabilities at  amortised cost  RMB'000  Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings  141,101  Trade payables  137,014  Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals  33,472  311,587   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 37. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (Continued)

2021

## Financial assets

| Financial assets  at fair value  through other  comprehensive  income  Financial  assets at  amortised  cost  Total  Equity  investments  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income  531  -  531  Long-term receivables  -  770  770  Trade and bills receivables  -  207,444  207,444  Financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and  other assets  -  55,678  55,678  Cash and cash equivalents  -  44,469  44,469  531  308,361  308,892   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Financial liabilities

| Financial  liabilities at  amortised cost  RMB'000  Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings  161,783  Trade payables  145,669  Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals  40,026  347,478   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES

The Group's principal financial instruments comprise cash and cash equivalents, trade and bills receivables, financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to raise finance for the Group's operations. The Group has various other financial assets and liabilities, such as trade receivables, financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets, trade payables and financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals, which arise directly from its operations.

The main risks arising from the Group's financial instruments are interest rate risk, foreign currency risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks and they are summarised below:

## Interest rate risk

In the opinion of the directors, the Group has no significant concentration of interest rate risk since the interest rates of the Group's loans are not floating.

## Foreign currency risk

The Group's businesses are mostly located in the PRC and most transactions are conducted in RMB, except that the Group occasionally purchases equipment and some in-vitro diagnostic reagent products from overseas countries for resale in the PRC and there are administrative expenses incurred by a Canadian subsidiary. A small amount of cash denominated in Hong Kong dollars ('HK$') is placed in bank accounts in Hong Kong for payments of miscellaneous expenses  such  as  professional  fees  incurred  in  Hong  Kong.  In  the  opinion  of  the  directors,  the  Group  has  no significant concentration of foreign currency risk.

## Credit risk

The  Group  trades  only  with  recognised  and  creditworthy  third  parties.  It  is  the  Group's  policy  that  all  customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. In addition, receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis and the Group's exposure to bad debts is not significant.

## Maximum exposure and year-end staging

The table below shows the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the Group's credit policy, which is mainly based on past due information unless other information is available without undue cost or effort, and year-end staging classification as at 31 December. The amounts presented are gross carrying amounts for financial assets and the exposure to credit risk for the financial guarantee contracts.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

## Maximum exposure and year-end staging (Continued)

## As at 31 December 2022

| 12-month  ECLs  Stage 1  Lifetime ECLs  Simplified  approach  RMB'000  RMB'000  Trade and bills receivables*  -  215,511  Financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and  other assets  - Normal**  6,959  -  - Doubtful**  31,156  -  Cash and cash equivalents  - Not yet past due  77,349  -  115,464  215,511  As at 31 December 2021  12-month  ECLs  Stage 1  Lifetime ECLs  Simplified  approach  RMB'000  RMB'000  Trade and bills receivables*  -  207,444  Financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and  other assets  - Normal**  21,250  -  - Doubtful**  34,428  -  Cash and cash equivalents  - Not yet past due  44,469  -  100,147  207,444   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* For trade receivables to which the Group applies the simplified approach for impairment, information based on the provision matrix is disclosed in note 21 to the financial statements.

** The credit quality of the financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets is considered to be 'normal' when they are not past due and there is no information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. Otherwise, the credit quality of the financial assets is considered to be 'doubtful'.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

## Liquidity risk

The Group monitors its risk to a shortage of funds using a recurring liquidity planning tool. This tool considers the maturity of both its financial instruments and financial assets (e.g., trade receivables) and projected cash flows from operations.

The  Group's  objective  is  to  maintain  a  balance  between  continuity  of  funding  and  flexibility  through  the  use  of interest-bearing  bank  and  other  borrowings.  The  directors  have  reviewed  the  Group's  liquidity  position,  working capital and capital expenditure requirements and determined that the Group has no significant liquidity risk.

The maturity profile of the Group's financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period, based on the contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:

| 2022  On  demand  Less than  3 months  3 to  less than  12 months  1 to 5  years  Over  5 years  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings  -  35,130  101,852  7,799  -  144,781  Lease liabilities  -  147  3,557  6,339  2,082  12,125  Trade payables  137,014  -  -  -  -  137,014  Financial liabilities included in  other payable and accruals  -  33,472  -  -  -  33,472  137,014  68,749  105,409  14,138  2,082  327,392  2021  On  demand  Less than  3 months  3 to  less than  12 months  1 to 5  years  Over  5 years  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings  -  43,758  119,614  855  -  164,227  Lease liabilities  -  3,088  3,199  6,187  -  12,474  Trade payables  145,669  -  -  -  -  145,669  Financial liabilities included in  other payable and accruals  -  40,026  -  -  -  40,026  145,669  86,872  122,813  7,042  -  362,396   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

## Capital management

The Group's objectives for managing capital are to safeguard the Group's ability to continue as a going concern in order  to  provide  returns  for  shareholders  and  benefits  for  other  stakeholders  and  to  maintain  an  optimal  capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

In  order  to  maintain  or  adjust  the  capital  structure,  the  Group  may  adjust  the  amounts  of  dividends  paid  to shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.

The Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio which is the total liabilities divided by the total assets.

The gearing ratios are as follows:

| 31 December  31 December  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Total liabilities  369,137  408,349  Total assets  603,244  607,761  Gearing ratio  61.19%  67.19%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 39. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

On  17  March  2023,  a  substantial  shareholder  of  the  Company,  Beijing  Enterprises  Holdings  Limited  ('Beijing Enterprises') decide to transfer all of its 27,256,143 H shares (representing 18.84% of the total number of issued shares of the Company) to transferees who are not related to each other by way of public solicitation of transferees. Upon completion of this transfer, there will be no change of control in the Company. As of the reporting date, the transfer has not been completed.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 40. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  NON-CURRENT ASSETS  Property, plant and equipment  49,360  57,181  Other intangible assets  3,489  3,710  Investments in associates  180,325  174,498  Long-term receivables  2,700  500  Deferred tax assets  3,763  3,367  Total non-current assets  239,637  239,256  CURRENT ASSETS  Inventories  28,956  34,139  Trade and bills receivables  56,689  63,821  Prepayments, other receivables and other assets  107,888  133,068  Cash and cash equivalents  36,211  29,787  Total current assets  229,744  260,815  CURRENT LIABILITIES  Trade payables  8,543  10,741  Other payables and accruals  39,073  68,866  Tax payable  1,470  1,819  Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings  120,976  134,886  Total current liabilities  170,062  216,312  NET CURRENT ASSETS  59,682  44,503  TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES  299,319  283,759  NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES  Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings  7,548  -  Deferred income  761  1,791  Deferred tax liabilities  7,098  7,578  Total non-current liabilities  15,407  9,369  Net assets  283,912  274,390  EQUITY  Share capital  144,707  144,707  Reserves (Note 40)  139,205  129,683  Total equity  283,912  274,390   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 40. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

Note:

A summary of the Company's reserves is as follows:

| Capital  reserve  Statutory  reserve  Fair value  reserve  Retained  profits  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  At 1 January 2022  80,486  42,272  -  6,925  129,683  Total comprehensive income for the year  -  -  -  9,522  9,522  At 31 December 2022  80,486  42,272  -  16,447  139,205   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 41. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 31 March 2023.

## FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the results and of the assets, liabilities and equity of the Group for the last five financial years, as extracted from the current year's published audited financial statements and annual report for the year ended 31 December 2021, is set out below. This summary does not form part of the audited financial statements.

## RESULTS

| Year ended 31 December  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  REVENUE  373,071  348,225  325,256  397,408  303,224  PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAX  18,516  6,407  2,155  (114,807)  (14,547)  TAX  4,314  (3,247)  (2,861)  (3,636)  (2,184)  PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR  14,202  3,160  (706)  (118,443)  (16,731)  ATTRIBUTABLE TO:  Owners of the parent  8,106  (1,140)  2,718  (110,413)  (2,049)  Non-controlling interests  6,096  4,300  (3,424)  (8,030)  (14,682)  14,202  3,160  (706)  (118,443)  (16,731)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND EQUITY

| 31 December  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  TOTAL ASSETS  603,244  607,761  624,614  644,963  776,008  TOTAL LIABILITIES  369,137  (408,349)  (428,343)  (445,738)  (411,545)  NET ASSETS  234,107  199,412  196,271  199,225  364,463  REPRESENTED BY:  EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO:  OWNERS OF THE PARENT  205,849  176,174  177,333  174,791  301,903  NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS  28,258  23,238  18,938  24,434  62,560  TOTAL EQUITY  234,107  199,412  196,271  199,225  364,463   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|