1

11

1010101001011010

11

0101001011011

00011

Enabling Engaging &amp; Empowering Digital Citizens

010100 011011

00

011

0101

0

11

T

1

1

4

0

01101

001

/

1 |

111

0101

101

BTC ANNUAL REPORT 2022

0

1

1

welcome

<!-- image -->

| Key Milestones  About BTC  Purpose and Vision  Values  Business Structure  Organisational Structure  Corporate Information  08  10  10  10  11  11  13  28  29  32  38  43  100  104  107  132  133  134  137  16  18  22  50  56  64  85  92  112  114  118  226  228  231  235  Strategic Intent &amp; Strategic Themes Strategic Performance Review Commercial Unit Review Products and Services Technology Unit Review  Human Resources  Stakeholder Engagement  Corporate Social Investment  Board approval of the Annual Financial  Statements  General Information  Directors' Report  Independent Auditor's Report  Financial Highlights  Chairperson's Statement  Managing Director's Statement  Board of Directors  Executive Committee  Corporate Governance  Compliance with the Corporate  Governance Code  Risk Management and Revenue Assurance  Overview  Ten Year Review  Current Year Performance Review  Shareholder Analysis Notice of AGM Proxy Form Notes to the Proxy  ## OUR STRATEGIC PERFORMANCE REVIEW  ## OUR PERFORMANCE SUMMARY  ## OUR SUSTAINABILITY REVIEW  ## ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENATS  ## FINANCIALS REVIEW  ## OUR GOVERNANCE  ## 01.  02.  ## ABOUT BTC  03  ## 04.  05.  06.  07.  08  ## SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Audited Financial Statements

145

## About BTC

BTC is a proudly Botswana business that strives to operate and deliver to a truly international standard. In this section,  we  share  more  about  our business,  our  history  and  the  very essence of our brand.

## 01

| Key Milestones  About BTC  Purpose and Vision  Values  Business Structure  Organisational Structure  Corporate Information  08  10   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## KEY MILESTONES

<!-- image -->

## KEY MILESTONES

<!-- image -->

## ABOUT BTC

Botswana Telecommunications Corporation Limited (BTC) is a converged telecommunications operator offering Fixed (voice and data), Mobile (voice and data) and Broadband services to consumers, enterprises and other licensed service providers. We are listed on the Botswana Stock Exchange (BSE).

## OUR STRATEGIC INTENT, PURPOSE AND VISION

<!-- image -->

## OUR VALUES

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## OUR BUSINESS STRUCTURE

## THE COMMERCIAL UNIT

The  Commercial  unit  of  the  business comprises  Marketing, Consumer  Sales, Enterprise Sales and Service Quality. The unit's mandate  is  to deliver  revenue growth and ensure service quality across the  business.  The  Marketing  division  is responsible  for  ensuring  we  take  the right products to the market per segment. The  Consumer  Sales  section  focuses  on the  Retail  and  SME  segments,  whereas Enterprise  Sales  focuses  on  corporate, parastatals, Government and resellers.

## THE TECHNOLOGY

The Technology unit of the business comprises Information Systems (IS), Technology (Telecommunications Network), Security  Services  and  the  Transformation Office. The Technology division is responsible  for  network  planning,  network build, and operations. The unit oversees the IT  environment,  overall  corporate  security services,  and  the  delivery  of  the  Corporate Strategy and Transformation Agenda.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## OUR ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE

<!-- image -->

## THE SUPPORT UNIT

The  Support  functions  consist  of  Human Resources, Shared services, Risk Management, Internal Audit, Finance and Company Secretary. These functions provide support to the core functions of the business.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

## Botswana Telecommunications Corporation Limited (BTC)

Incorporated in the Republic of Botswana Company Registration number: BW00000748937

## Registered Office

Megaleng House, Khama Crescent, Plot 50350 P O Box 700, Gaborone, Botswana

## Transfer Secretaries

Central Securities Depository Company of Botswana (CSDB) Postal address: Private Bag 00417, Gaborone, Botswana Physical address: Plot 70667, 4th Floor, Fairscape Precinct, Fairgrounds Telephone: +267 367 4400 /11/12 Contact: Masego Pheto

## Auditors

Deloitte &amp; Touche Deloitte House, Plot 50664, Fairgrounds Office Park, P O Box 778, Gaborone, Botswana

## Company Secretary

Sidney Mganga

## Bankers

- Absa Bank Botswana Limited
- Access Bank Botswana Limited
- Bank Gaborone Limited
- First National Bank Botswana Limited
- Stanbic Bank Botswana Limited
- Standard Chartered Bank Botswana Limited

<!-- image -->

02

Financial Highlights

16

18

22

Chairperson's Statement

Managing Director's Statement

## Our Performance Summary

<!-- image -->

2022

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

REVENUE

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

PROFIT AFTER TAX

## DIVIDENDS

<!-- image -->

3.67 thebe (interim) 5.04 thebe (final) Total dividend per share - 8.71 thebe

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## 2022 MILESTONES

BTC HOSTS INAUGURAL DIGITAL SHIFT ENTERPRISE SUMMIT BTC HOSTS CLOUD TALKS WEBINAR FIRST EVER TELECOMMUNICATIONS MUSEUM LAUNCHED

Ms. Lorato Boakgomo-Ntakhwana

PROFIT BEFORE TAX UP 8%

## P182 million

Botswana Telecommunications Corporation

18 |

## 1

## INTRODUCTION

The past financial year 2021-22 was a difficult one for the organisation and our people. As Covid 19 continued to affect our business negatively, management remained resolute in executing the response plan ensuring business continuity and safeguarding the lives of our most valuable asset, i.e our people.

The year marked the second year of our 3-year Strategy 2020 to 2023, which was launched on the 1st March 2020, a month before the first Covid-19 lockdown and the introduction of the State of National Emergency.

During the previous two years, we have witnessed accelerated innovation not only in the Telecommunications sector,  but  also  across  a  wide  spectrum  of  industries  as many  companies  scrambled  to  be  future  ready,  flexible and adaptive. We have had to improve our capabilities and develop new products and services to address the constantly changing needs of the customer.

Fixed  voice  telephony  penetration  and  usage  remained stagnant  throughout  2021-22;  however,  rising  demand  for high-speed internet services and our competitively priced fibre  broadband  plans  have  been  driving  uptake  of  Fixed Broadband  (FBB).  International  Fixed  Voice  Calling  has shown strong performance due to our competitive pricing and a return to normalcy of international trade which had plunged in 2020 but recovered sharply in 2021.

Mobile voice revenue continues to decline due to an increase in use of third-party Over -The-Top (OTT). We have embarked on  extending  and  expanding  our  4G  Network  coverage which should boost mobile video calling; and partially offset voice  revenue  losses  that  we  are  currently  experiencing. The growth in MBB during the past 2 years has been mainly driven  by  living  and  working  under  Covid-19  restrictions which  demanded  high-quality  internet  connections  with rapid upload and download speeds.

Fintech  and  Digital  services  are  new  business  areas  that continue  to  show  strong  growth  albeit  from  a  low  base. Fintech  is  changing  and  will  continue  to  change  the  way financial services are delivered to the customer. BTC Mobile Financial Services subscriber base grew by more than 62% during 2021-22.

## OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE

The  world  economy  during  the  year  under  review was showing encouraging signs of recovery, albeit not having returned to pre-pandemic levels of economic activity and the Botswana economy showed similar trends.  The  world  was  starting  to  establish  a  new normal after the changes that were brought about during  the  periods  of  low  economic  activity  and limited  movement.  It  is  becoming  more  and  more evident that ICT and digital transformation are going to be the key drivers of the new normal.

BTC  remained  resilient  amidst  challenging  trading conditions  and  continued  to  deliver  solid  performance for  the  year.  We  maintained  our  share  of  the  ICT market and continued to see very solid growth of our Mobile money business, highlighting our continued commitment  to  financial  inclusion  and  quest  to empower  our  customers  with  innovative  mobile financial  products.  In  our  continued  endeavour  to facilitate  working  from  home,  we  revised  some of  our  broadband  offerings  and  introduced  other mobile broadband solutions.

Despite  the  challenging  operating  environment,  I am proud to announce that we delivered impressive financial  performance,  growing  EBITDA  margin  by 1.7% and profit before tax by 8%. Notwithstanding the marginal reduction in revenue of 2% the business achieved revenue of P1.39 billion.

## TECHNOLOGY INVESTMENTS

Our previous Strategy focused on three major areas: Technology, Commercial and Cultural Transformation. We have laid down the foundation for a sustainable transformation and growth through the expansion of both the mobile broadband (MBB) and fixed broadband (FBB) networks. Under the MBB project, 168 sites have so far been installed. Phase 2 of de-coppering is on its last leg of implementation.B Through  the  de-coppering  project,  BTC  seeks  to improve and grow broadband services by deploying Fibre to the Business (FTTB) &amp; Fibre to the Cabinet (FTTC)  technologies  to  utilize  existing  copper  line plant as well as introduce Fibre to the home (FTTH) technology  in  some  areas.  The  targeted  areas  of deployment are the brownfields that already have passive cabinets that extend more than 1.2km from existing BTC exchanges.

BTC  has  undertaken  to  refresh  IP  core  and  MPLS network since it can no longer cope with exponential growth  of internet and  data traffic. The  traffic utilization  trend  indicates  a  doubling  of  demand between  2018  to  2021  from  19Gbps  to  45Gbps respectively. We are also modernising the network which is obsolete and is now compromising quality of service due to frequent failures. The modernised network  will  be  scalable  and  designed  to  handle exponential  growth  in  internet  and  data  traffic  in excess of 100Gpbs.

BTC has embarked on a programme to digitalise its operations. We are transforming our business model so that we can remain competitive in an increasingly saturated  and  competitive  market  where  speed is of essence.

## MONETISATION OF INVESTMENTS

Our  efforts  during  the  year  were  geared  towards monetising  the  significant  technology  investments that we have made in the past. Our sales efforts were deliberately anchored on seizing market opportunities  in  the  mobile  broadband  and  fixed broadband space.

Under FBB, we are seeking to grow fixed broadband subscribers and revenue as well as reduce churn. BTC has been experiencing increased competition from ISP's who are consistently chipping away our market share. Customers now prefer flexibility and demand more mobility than a fixed broadband connection. Fastconnect, our wireless broadband, delivers wireless  Internet  access  to  computers  and  other digital devices using portable modems. Fastconnect take-up has broken target after target in subscriber numbers and revenue throughout the year.

Smega, our mobile financial service,  has  been  well received  by  the  market  as  shown  by  more  than 62%  growth  in  subscriber  base  and  150%  growth in revenue during the year. In addition to what the competitor  mobile  money  services  offer,  Smega is  being  positioned  to  do  much  more  in  order  to conquer new customers.

## CULTURE

We continue to implement Unwritten Ground Rules (UGR's to shape workplace culture and impact teams, divisions, and  overall organizational functionality. UGRs have helped organisations maintain coherence and thereby build winning corporate citizens.

## FUTURE OUTLOOK

As the Board we have approved a new Strategy 20222025 with a budget for the first year of the Strategy targeted at building on the investments made during the previous planning period. Our focus going forward is  to  provide  exceptional  customer-focused  digital solutions that will transform Botswana and selected Sub-Saharan markets. The 2022-2023 Financial Year  will  therefore,  be  a  transition  period  between the 2020 -2023 and the new proposed 2022 - 2025 Strategy.

## GOVERNANCE

The  Board  recognises  the  importance  of  having sound corporate governance structures, strong risk  management  practices  and  internal  controls underpinning  the  business.  We  are  confident  that the  frameworks  we  have  put  in  place  to  address these functional areas are adequate and in line with best practices. These frameworks are a vital pillar in supporting our transformation and growth aspirations of our new  strategy.  The  Board  comprises  one Executive Director and eight Non-Executive and independent Directors. This structure ensures a distinct balance of responsibilities between  the executive and the non-executive functions. This year we welcomed Mr. Thato Kewakae to the Board. Mr. Kewakae is a well-rounded business professional with a business and ICT background that is supplemented by working experience from across various industries. He is experienced in leading growth in private sector businesses,  in  consultancy  and  providing  support services for Government and the Private Sector.

Our  board  members  have  extensive  experience  in their respective fields  and  remain  professionally active and motivated to broaden their knowledge.

## APPRECIATION

I  take  this  opportunity  to  thank  our  Shareholders, Customers, Partners,  and other Stakeholders for their  continued  support  in  realising  our  objectives. I  also  recognise my fellow Board Members for their leadership  and  guidance  in  steering  BTC's  direction and getting the company closer to attaining its vision.

To  the  BTC  Executive  Management  and  employees, thank  you  for  your  commitment  and  dedication. You have worked tirelessly during a challenging and stressful period and managed to deliver outstanding financial performance. I urge us all to continue taking care and following the COVID-19 protocols.

Lorato Boakgomo-Ntakhwana Board Chairperson

<!-- image -->

Dear Investors and Stakeholders,

I am pleased to present our 2021-2022 Annual Report, reviewing our performance against our goals for the year  and  highlighting  the  activities  undertaken  to drive results.

The  financial  year  under  review  continued  to  be  a very difficult year for the business. BTC as the leading ICT  solutions  provider  in  Botswana,  had  to  continue to facilitate economic  activity within a  changing environment.

The year marked the second year of our 3-year Strategy 2020-2023. Our strategy is to create shareholder value through the delivery of innovative solutions, increasing mobile and broadband market share; and to optimise the use of our core assets in order to be able to deliver a superior customer experience.

## OPERATING ENVIRONMENT

The  Botswana  economy  continued  to show signs  of recovery  during  the  year  under  review  with  a  GDP growth rate of 7% leading to a recovery in Information and  Communication  Technology.  This  is  a  welcome development  which  is  a  reversal  of  the  contraction we  witnessed  in  2020.    Inflation  continued  to  grow and remains above the threshold of 6% established by  the  Bank  of  Botswana  putting  pressure  on  costs and  depleting  consumers'  purchasing  power,  thus compromising future trading conditions.

## Covid-19

During the financial year, our main priority in response to Covid-19 was to continue to keep our people safe and well, both physically and mentally. About 75% of our  employees were working from home and some have worked from home since the national lockdown was announced. We also invited various speakers to hold talks with staff members as well as provided free counselling  services  to  maintain  their  spiritual  and mental wellbeing during the difficult period.  We also extended  assistance  to  our  customers.  We  reduced prices  for  our  broadband  offerings  to  enable  people to  work  from  home  without  having  to  worry  about the high cost of the internet. We supported our SME customers  by  offering  preferential  payment  terms. We continued to support our economy when we were most needed.

Anthony Masunga Managing Director

23 |

BTC ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

The  second  year  of  our  three-year  strategy, focusing on optimising efficiencies and return on assets,  while  harnessing  growth  opportunities continued despite the challenges posed by the pandemic. Revenue declined by 2% on the back of significantly reduced voice revenue, which was partly offset by increased broadband revenue.

Despite  the  topline  reduction,  we  continued, however,  to  deliver  a  strong  growth  in  profit after tax of 2% relative to the previous financial year, driven mostly by our cost reduction initiative leading to a 3% EBITDA increase. Cash and cash equivalents significantly increased by 43% from P363 million in the prior year to P520 million as at the end of March 2022. The increase was driven by a positive cash conversion ratio of  34%  as  well  as  favourable  working  capital resulting from implementation of debt collection measures  during  the  year.  This  allowed  us  to continue  to  further  expand  our  mobile  data network  and  replace  old  copper  connections with  fibre  in  order  to  improve  our  customers' quality of service.

The uptake of our data products continues on a positive trajectory, with the improving quality of service leading to increased revenues in spite of decline in voice revenues.

## MARKET SHARE

The  ICT  market  in  Botswana  continues  to  be competitive leading to continued pressure on  price  and  requiring  a  more  relevant  set  of products in order to capture a significant share of the increasingly limited market.

BTC remains the market leader in the fixed line business. Local market trends indicate reduced demand for fixed telephony, this trend is in line with the trends around the globe as consumers continue to favour mobile telephony solutions. The  mobile  phone  market  continued  to  grow during the year with consumers owning several SIM cards from all the mobile network operators.  This  growth  is  driven  mostly  by mobile  broadband  demand  as  consumers  are getting used to new ways of working apart from more traditional office-based work.

Smega,  BTC  Mobile  Money  Services  has  also recorded  very  encouraging  growth  during  the year. More services are constantly being added on to the service to augment the card, as well as to continue to bring financial services to various citizens,  including  the  unbanked  members  of our communities. Smega is able to interact with traditional banking systems, which brings about more convenience to our customers.

## STRATEGY 2020-2023

The past year was a continuation of our 3-year strategy with a focus on cultural transformation, digitalisation and growth. Our resilience during the challenging period under review bore testament  to  the  relevance  of  our  strategy  as it positions the company to continue to deliver future thinking solutions to our customers.

This  strategy  requires  us  to  provide  superior digital  services  riding  on  our  robust  4.5G  and fibre networks, as well as our world class Data Centre.  This  is  what  the  Botswana  economy requires  of  us,  and  we  remain  committed  to the  challenge.  By  embracing  the  digital  future, we can also contribute meaningfully to the 4IR aspirations of the country.

We also continued with our efforts of building mobile  and  fixed  broadband  infrastructure  to primarily  improve  the  quality  of  service  and expand coverage of MBB and FBB networks. We are extending our 4G mobile network footprint in order to facilitate the Youth, Young Adults &amp; Professional market, as well as the SME market segments.

## MANAGING DIRECTOR'S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)

We expanded our VSAT network to deliver relevant offers to the farming communities, satellite offices and remote tourist facilities.

## CONCLUSION

In  conclusion,  let  me  take  this  opportunity  to  thank  our staff,  BTC  family,  for  their  hard  work,  diligence,  patience  and understanding, which has enabled us to achieve all the above. Our promise is to continue to serve our customers to the best of our ability as we push towards meeting our strategic objectives and helping Batswana to Live Connected.

Anthony Masunga Managing Director

<!-- image -->

25 |

BTC ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## Our Strategic Performance Review

## 03

| Strategic Intent and Strategic Themes  Strategic Performance Review  Commercial Unit Review  Products and Services  Technology Unit Review  28  32  38  43   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## STRATEGY

This year marks the 2nd year of our 3-year Corporate Strategy, covering the years 2021-2023.

Our Purpose: 'We exist to provide superior digital solutions to our people to enable them to live connected.'

Our Vision: 'To be a leader in digital and communication services'

Our Strategic Intent: 'BTC will provide exceptional customer-focused digital solutions that transform Botswana and selected Sub-Saharan markets.'

Our Strategy is driven by four Values, namely: Teamwork, Excellence, Agility and Ethical Leadership.

In order to deliver on our Vision, the following five themes were identified: Growth, Customer Experience, Efficiency, Maximise Asset Utilisation and High-Performance Culture.

## STRATEGIC PERFORMANCE REVIEW

## Efficiency &amp; Asset Utilisation

The second year of the Strategy was based on improving efficiency and asset utilisation. We sought to achieve more output with less resources; that is, to do more using what is available or what is at our disposal. During the year, we have been able to do more with less by growing profitability before tax by 8% as compared to the previous year.

Asset utilisation has improved during the year, as did turnaround times on installations and repairs (measured through Mean Time to Install and Mean Time to Restore). These have had a direct and positive impact on improving customer experience. Our customer experience was supported by improving network efficiency and quality. Cable theft, however, continued to compromise network availability and, consequently, our customer experience remained a challenge.

## Growth

Several initiatives were undertaken in the year under review to drive growth. This has ensured continued commercialisation of our extensive network investment over the last few years. The growth plan, Green Explosion, is a commercial initiative for acquiring new customers and retaining customers to drive  flagship  products. This  includes Turn  Up  Bundles,  beFREE+,  BTC  Pasela,  BTC Smega, Fast Connect and BTC Fixed Broadband.

## Mobile Broadband (MBB)

We have invested in over 500 LTE (4.5G) sites which need to be used to provide Mobile Broadband services to our customers. This is for them to continue to operate and be productive whilst on the move. The roll out of the sites has proven to be very successful and has provided opportunity and convenience for our customers, despite challenges in entrenching the 4G device in the market. This is largely due to the high price points of 4G devices and the current market proliferation of affordable 3G devices. Through the Green Explosion project, we have increased 4G device penetration and 4G SIM uptake, migrating our customers on 2G and 3G to 4G.

## Fixed Broadband (FBB)

BTC continued to roll out Fibre-to-the-Cabinet (FTTC) and the existing copper as last mile connection to customers. This was part of the Phase-2 of de-coppering and fibering up of the access network. We have not only reduced CAPEX and OPEX through the deployment of Fibre to the Home (FTTH), but we have also reduced active cabinets per locality while delivering speeds that were not possible through copper. To date, fibre has been rolled out in Gaborone, Jwaneng, Orapa and many urban villages around the country. Migration of customers to the fibre environment is still in progress.

## Mobile Financial Services (MFS)

The use of our BTC mobile money prepaid cards has grown significantly in the market.  Several marketing and promotion initiatives are ongoing to promote growth and usage, including adverts, branding, education campaigns, and activations with partners. We continue to engage in various bank/card-to-wallet partnerships with various entities in the fintech ecosystem, including local financial services institutions.

<!-- image -->

## Enterprise Revamp

The  BTC  Growth  and  Transformation  Strategy aims  to  close  the  value  gap  by  retaining  and growing enterprise market or key accounts by offering  relevant  solutions  to  meet  enterprise sector needs. We have established an Enterprise Revamp  Programme  charged  with  overseeing the development of 'fit for purpose' solutions.

## Customer Experience

BTC  is  innovating  to  meet  the  ever-evolving expectations of the customer. We have reached our customer service index target and exceeded the Net Promoter Score (NPS) target. This is on the back of improvement in network efficiency and quality. The rising use of our digital store and online platforms makes it easier to interact with our  customers,  thereby  positively  impacting BTC-to-customer symbiosis.

We  continue  to  look  for  greater  efficiencies in  our  processes  to  ensure  that  onboarding and  repair  turnaround  times  continue  to  be competitive, ultimately ensuring enhanced customer experience as a result.

## High Performance Culture

The  ongoing  Culture  Transformation  Project  is bearing  fruit  as  the  mood  and  morale  of  staff has markedly improved. We continue to see an upward trajectory on staff morale, as we work to ensure happier staff, thus giving rise to even happier customers.

The implementation of the culture transformation project through Unwritten Ground Rules (UGRs) has had a substantial high impact on efforts to build and inculcate a culture of  high  performance.  We  continue  to  see  an upward movement in matrices that we use to measure employee engagement as a result.

<!-- image -->

## Commercial Unit Review

## 23.35.60

Business Strategy

BTC ANNUAL REPORT 2022

31 |

## COMMERCIAL UNIT REVIEW (CONTINUED)

In  the  past  year,  BTC  has  embarked  on  a  digital transformation  journey  to  position  itself  to  be  the anchor for digital transformation in Botswana, in line with our strategic intent as a business.

We expanded our offers to enable customers to work, school  and  to  conduct  transactions  whenever  and wherever they are, making sure that we connect any customer through our broadband, voice and mobile financial services. During peak Covid-19 periods, we experienced  high  demand  for  broadband  services from  both  our  retail  and  business  customers.  For our  residential  and  SME  customers,  we  reviewed solutions to ensure they best fit current needs and ensured  that  the  minimum  that  the  customer  can get for home internet enables them to work/school at home seamlessly. We introduced a 10mbps offer, reviewed our VSAT offers and Value-Added Services (VAS) for our SME customers, bundled with our Net Connect  broadband  solution.  We  have  since  seen a shift  in  customers moving to higher speeds from 10Mbps to 100Mbps, indicating that connectivity has become a necessity for many homes and businesses in Botswana.

<!-- image -->

In the e-learning space, we introduced a smart class solution  that  gives  schools  an  interactive  digital experience  in  the  classroom.  The  solution  provides content  for  both  students  and  teachers  to  interact in  and  outside  school  through  the  BTC  Classmate platform. This was made possible through partnering with  locals  to  provide  tools,  devices  and  content which  was  bundled  together  with  our  broadband connectivity.

This  e-learning  suite  not  only  equips  the  school, but  helps  teachers,  students  and  parents  improve the  performance  of  students  through  an  inclusive and  accessible  learning  ecosystem.  In  addition,  we developed  an  additional  education  solution  that enables  schools  to  offer  remote-based  students access to educational content through APN, without them  having  to  worry  about  data  expenses  from home.

We  drive  financial  inclusion  in  Botswana  through our  BTC  mobile  financial  services  (SMEGA),  which also comes with a Visa card that enables customers to perform transactions, through Point of Sale (POS), or online. The services can also be accessed through USSD and a mobile app. We offer a range of services including  the  purchase  of  our  prepaid  airtime  and electricity.  We  have  observed strong  growth  of  our mobile financial services.

In the period under review, BTC launched the first  ever  Digital  Enterprise  Summit,  themed  'BTC Digital Shift  BW.' The Summit worked to showcase and  demonstrated  to  Batswana  and  the  world BTC's  capabilities  and  readiness  in  the  era  of  the 4IR technologies, from cloud, agility, data and analytics and automation, amongst other areas. As a continuation, BTC also hosted the 'BTC Cloud Talks' webinar to discuss the importance of Data Protection in the digital world.

The webinar also helped showcase the BTC Sentlhaga Data  Centre  and  the  BTC  secure  cloud  services environment.

## COMMERCIAL UNIT REVIEW (CONTINUED)

<!-- image -->

BTC was recognised by Fortinet, a leading global  security  solutions  provider,  for  its  sterling performance  in  offering  security  solutions,  during the period. BTC received 3 prestigious awards at the Africa  Security  Service  Day  in  the  categories:  Best Growth  of  the  Year  and  Managed  Security  Service Provider (MSSP) Partner. BTC was recognised as the most  certified  partner  of  the  year  in  the  Southern Africa Development Community (SADC).

We  also embarked  on helping industries such as  agriculture,  tourism,  mining  and  construction through  our  VSAT  solutions.  The  solution  enables anyone to have connectivity anywhere in Botswana even where there is no terrestrial infrastructure.

We are able to offer an extensive range of services through  our  Uptime  Institute  Tier  2  certified  BTC Sentlhaga  Data Centre,  through  which  we  offer security, cloud services, and colocation services. Over and  above  this,  we  have  partnered  with  Microsoft to  enable  our  customers  to  benefit  from  Microsoft license packages.

In  the  last  financial  year,  BTC  showed  growth  in broadband services,  mobile  financial service,  digital services and CPE-driven by 4G device sales and WiFi routers. We continued to experience high demand in  broadband  solutions  from  both  business  and retail  customers.  We  also  saw  a  slight  recovery  of fixed voice calls as well as a major shift of customers moving  from  mobile  voice  calling  to  OTT-based calling using platforms such as WhatsApp.

During  this  period  under  review,  we  focused  on positioning enterprise solutions in the market with significant attention to delivering digital services, and driving higher speed broadband, with 4G device and digital platform adoption. We introduced a dedicated team to drive mobile and fixed broadband  growth and  as  a  result  observed  a  significant  increase  in broadband traffic, 4G device penetration and mobile subscriber base growth.

We  also  observed  that  customers  have  shifted  to using digital platforms to enquire, purchase and pay online. This was paired with an increase in our mobile and MFS customer bases.

BTC  has  a  website  portal  that  currently  enables customers  to  apply  for  home  connectivity,  make payments  and  buy  airtime.  BTC  aims  to  continue to  offer  advanced  telecommunication  and  digital solutions  to  both  retail  and  business  customers through digital channels.

<!-- image -->

## FinTech Business

As one of the focal points of its digital transformation strategy, BTC has helped its customers weather the Covid-19  pandemic  through  Fintech  solutions  that provide easy access to affordable financial services. BTC  Smega  Mobile  Money  was  relaunched  in  May 2019 with a total  of  26 services  active  to  date,  and with  more  in  the  pipeline,  ensuring  we  align  with the  diverse  needs  of  our  customers.  BTC  Smega has positioned  BTC  to  support  and  enable  the Government's  call  for  financial  inclusion  of  those who,  until  now,  have  not  had  access  to  traditional banking services due to the high costs of maintaining and  operating  a  bank  account.  Our  customers  in both rural and urban areas have been empowered to participate in the growth of our economy through mobile money services.

During  the  Covid-19  pandemic,  BTC  Smega  helped enable customers to stay connected with their loved ones  and  friends,  as  well  as  to  stay  informed  of developments as they unfolded locally and globally. This was made possible through the services offered through  BTC  Smega,  where  customers  were  able to  buy  airtime  and  data  for  themselves  and  their loved ones to access the internet and social media platforms. We also incorporated other products such as social data bundles and bonus airtime rewards for BTC Smega users to make BTC digital services even more affordable for customers.

Due  to  travel  restrictions  imposed  because  of  the pandemic, our Smega customers were also able to provide for their loved ones, by sending them money to  provide  for  their  needs  without  the  need  for them to travel long distances. Through BTC Smega, customers  were  also  able  to  purchase  essential utilities  such  as  prepaid  electricity  and  to  pay  their bills directly through their BTC Smega wallets. Thanks to  strategic  partnerships  with  some  of  the  local commercial banks, customers were also able to fund their  and  any  Smega  wallet  through  Bank2Wallet services, enabling them to continue to make use of and  easily  access  all  services  available  on  the  BTC Smega wallet. BTC has further extended this service to  all  local  banks  through  the  Card2Wallet  service, which enables any Visa cardholder to fund theirs and any other wallet through their bank's Visa card.

We extended Smega distribution channels through strategic partnership with additional retail partners, who have a large footprint countrywide where BTC does not have a presence in the form of a BTC store. As at the start of 2022, BTC Smega had an extensive network of active service points spread throughout the  country.  It  is  through  these  distribution  points that customers can open an account, make deposits (cash-in) and withdrawals (cash-out) from their BTC Smega accounts, and buy a Visa card for their Smega account.

<!-- image -->

The introduction of the Visa card on the BTC Smega wallet further drove uptake. Since it was introduced in July 2020, the Visa card is the leading transactional activity  on  the  wallet.  Customers  can  enjoy  the convenience  of  accessing  their  funds  around  the clock  ,  paying  for  goods  and  services  at  Point  of Sale (POS) terminals at retails stores and online, or through  withdrawing  cash  at  any  Visa-accepting ATM whether locally or internationally.

The BTC Smega international money transfer service also enables customers the convenience of sending and  receiving  money  across  borders.  Customers can  send  money  to  various  destinations  such  as Zimbabwe,  Zambia,  Malawi,  Mozambique,  Kenya, Ghana,  with  more  corridors  soon  to  be  launched beyond the African continent, including India and the United Kingdom.

## COMMERCIAL UNIT REVIEW (CONTINUED)

<!-- image -->

BTC  continues  to  grow  its  Fintech  offering,  making BTC Smega mobile money services accessible to  both  individuals  and  businesses.  Through  the bulk  payments  functionality,  businesses  can  make various  payments  to  their  employees  such  as  the disbursement  of  salaries,  wages,  allowances  and more.  This  functionality  helps  businesses  do  away with the need to carry large sums of cash on their premises  to pay  employees,  as  funds  are paid directly to the employees' Smega digital wallets. This is  a  great security feature as it does away with the threat of theft or cash heists that are usually inherent in  handling  large  sums  of  cash.  The  bulk  payment functionality  also  helps  businesses  optimise  their operations, as there is no down time since employees do  not  have  to  halt  work  as  they  physically  go  to receive their wages.

As we continue to make strides in growing our digital footprint,  BTC  has  also  introduced  other  channels through which customers can access all our services. Customers can access the BTC Smega service through a USSD short code by dialing *173# or downloading the self-service Mobile App onto their smart devices to access their Smega accounts. In addition, customers can also access information on the BTC Smega mobile money service and other BTC products through our revamped BTC website.  BTC  also  continues  to  look at  global  trends  as  a  benchmark  to  bring  relevant and critical Fintech services to our customers as part of  our  Digital  Transformation  journey  beyond  the Covid-19 pandemic.

## Consumer Sales

As the Covid-19 pandemic endured all organisations, including BTC had  to continue to assess  what customer  care  and  experience  means.  We  had to continue operations remotely using various collaboration platforms to remain engaged with their colleagues  and  clients  while  working  from  home. Communications  technology  continued  to  play  an increasingly important role in the lives of consumers and  employees  alike  and  BTC,  as  the  leading  ICT company,  stepped  up  to  continue  to  provide  the solutions.

## Transformational Operations

This shift towards transformational operations is brought to life through BTC's purpose to improve  customer  experience. In effect, it took both  a  customer-facing  and  a  behind-the-scenes perspective through the Consumer Sales Division to assist  public  and  professional  organisations  to  find new  ways  for  people  to  communicate,  collaborate, and complete work while working remotely.

Exploring  how  changes  or  operational  transformations have impacted the world, BTC has continued to help the  consumer  and  organisations  to  embrace  their digital transformation. In practical terms, transformed operations  have  become  an  integral  part  of  BTC's value-creation architecture.

## BTC Digital interfaces store

The  BTC  website,  digital  store  and  app  have  been strong service provision platforms. They have made it easier for our customers to buy from and receive service  from  us.  We  are  seeing  more  and  more customers  adopting  these  digital  platforms  and paying their bills and buying services from us as we deliver more services through these digital customer interfaces into the market.

## Proactive indirect sales to serve mass market

To  proactively  extend  the  BTC  footprint  through indirect  sales  channels,  BTC  continues  to  engage and  onboard  strategic  partners  from  retailers  to banks.  Our  dealer  and  runner  network  continue to be a critical sales channel for both airtime sales and Smega transactions. There is also a continuous support  of  community  empowerment  of  airtime resellers,  mainstream  dealers,  service  points  and street vendors/runners through initiatives and programmes designed to assist in the sustainability of their businesses.

There are changes in consumer behaviour, with an increasing  number  of  customers  preferring  digital touchpoints to consume BTC products. With Strategic partners; BTC airtime and data are easily accessible through these partners USSD and digital platforms.

## Strategically placed Retail Stores

Our  25  retail  stores  continue  to  be  a  key  payment and  sales  channel  through  which  we  offer  a  onestop  shop  for  fixed  and  mobile  services  to  both SMEs  and  consumers.  The  set-up  in  these  stores includes  mobile  device  displays  for  both  postpaid and prepaid mobile packages along with access to our full consumer and SME product portfolio.

## Focused SME Relationship Management for existing and new markets

The SME market segments are economic drivers in Botswana, and a key growth pillar for BTC. We have continued  to  tailor  SME-aligned  fixed  and  mobile products and services, that have been well received by the market, driving revenue growth, as businesses have  recovered  from  the  worst  effects  of  Covid-19 lock downs.

## Contact Centre

Our reliable, highly responsive and interactive Contact  Centre  continued  to  serve  many  of  our valued  customers.  We  continued  to  be  adversely affected  by  the  ongoing  Covid-19  pandemic,  due mainly to isolations, quarantines and contact tracing. The Contact Centre, in response, adopted new digital methods to assist BTC customers.

This  included  leveraging  our  cloud-based  contact centre  system,  which  allowed  for  remote  working of  agents  and  supervisors,  and  thus  reduced  the transmission  risks  of  the  Covid-19  virus  among Contact Centre staff. It also assisted in better monitoring  of  call  trends  to  aid  in  planning  and resourcing, both of which are important in working to ensure better customer experience.

## Enterprise Sales

BTC Enterprise Sales' focus is on superior customer service, sustainable revenue growth, and the retention  of  current  revenue  streams  in  traditional fixed  and  mobile  voice  services  (fixed  and  mobile broadband),  and  the  intentional  pursuit  of  new digital revenue streams. Enterprise Sales pursues its mandate through a dedicated team of key relationship managers  who  provide  customised  solutions  to enterprise clients.  The  Enterprise  Division  backoffice team comprises order management, customer dispute management, account support and pre-sales, all  of  whom  support  relationship  management  to ensure customer requests are met within stipulated turnaround times.

During  the  financial  year  under  review,  Enterprise Sales continued to defend broadband revenue stream, whose margins are under pressure from price reductions  brought  by  the  regulator  and  increased competition. There were focused migrations of broadband customers to fibre-based solutions and LTE in order to improve quality of service and user experience.

Even  though  the  world  was  recovering  from  and indeed  actively working  to  mitigate impacts  of Covid-19,  there  were  notable  disruptions  in  supply chains  during  the  financial  year  2021-22.  This  was especially notable for ICT products and components that  delayed  some  revenue-generating  enterprise customer projects.

To mitigate against these disruptions, there was close collaboration with customers, key partners and  suppliers  to  ensure  customers'  demands were met on time. The slow resumption of  working  from  offices  also  had  a  notable negative  impact  on  recovery  of voice  revenue. However, the continued Work-from-Home phenomenon  brought  by  Covid-19  presented opportunities for our sales team, as there was a continuous demand for high data bandwidth to allow for online meetings, and normal business operations.

As part  of  our  initiatives  to  drive  digitalisation and  to  support government,  data  solutions were  made  more  affordable  and  enterprise customers were offered increased capacity data packages  for  office  and  for  staff  home  use.  To facilitate online learning initiatives, Government schools were offered a complete suite of online or e-learning services, including high bandwidth connectivity, good quality Wi-Fi solutions, smart and  interactive  electronic  boards  and  learning content.

Beyond the challenges and disruptions caused by the Covid-19 pandemic, the enterprise segment continues to face  opportunities  from rapidly  advancing  technologies  and  requires upskilling of teams to meet these opportunities. Accordingly,  the  division  continued  to  assess and address the shortfalls by training, recruiting new skills and using partners to augment skills to meet customer needs.

## Carrier Services and Reseller Business

During the financial year 2021-22, Carrier Services,  the  department  responsible  for  the roaming  and  interconnect  business,  ensured that BTC retained key roaming destinations and signed contracts with strategic roaming hubs and networks.  There  were  new  roaming  contracts signed with hubs and bi-lateral contracts signed directly with networks and operators, increasing the total  number  of  roaming  destinations/ footprints to 267 networks in 146 countries. By the  end  of  the  2021-22  financial  year,  BTC  had a  roaming footprint in 14 of the 15 top African tourist  destinations  and  in  36  of  the  40  top world tourist destinations. During the reporting period,  BTC  launched  LTE  roaming  with  seven (7) networks to improve international roamers' user experience.

Despite adding new networks in foreign markets, the roaming business continued to be under pressure due to limited and/or restricted movement across borders. Additionally, revenue on  voice  calls is declining due  to  it  being substituted by use of data calls over social media platforms such as WhatsApp.

The reseller business experienced revenue pressure due to national operators developing or  expanding  their  networks  and  migrating services initially procured from BTC to their own networks or BoFiNet.

37 |

BTC ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

Our product portfolio offers Mobile and Fixed solutions through which our customers can have access to Voice, SMS, Broadband data products and our Data Centre.

Our Mobile and Fixed products are offered in both prepaid and post-paid packages.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## CONSUMER

We offer an extensive range of fixed and mobile communications services for consumers. These range from simple mobile voice calling, mobile data and social media bundles to high speed fibre home broadband.

## ENTERPRISES

Our large  customers are supported by an extensive range of products and services  that  are  tailored  to  their  sophisticated  requirements.  We leverage  our  4.5g  mobile  network,  fibre  network  and  data  centre  and extensive partnerships to offer cutting edge digital solutions to enable them to thrive in the new digital era.

## SME

BTC enables small businesses to grow through our targeted range of fixed and mobile voice, and fibre data services, coupled with tailored cloud solutions.

39 |

BTC ANNUAL REPORT 2022

40 |

<!-- image -->

42 |

## Technology Unit Review

Botswana Telecommunications Corporation

## 23.35.60

Businass Strategy

## TECHNOLOGY UNIT REVIEW

## Modernisation of the Telecommunications Infrastructure

BTC continued to make progress in augmenting the network capacity with additional fibre and wireless  deployments. This  is  with  the  goal  of meeting the constant demand for higher-speed networks,  indeed  despite  challenges  brought about by the Covid-19 pandemic. The Covid-19 pandemic - perhaps more than any other event in human  history  -  has  demonstrated  the critical importance that telecommunications infrastructure plays in keeping businesses, Governments, and societies connected and running. As a result of the economic and social disruption  caused  by  the  pandemic,  people  across Botswana rely on technology for information, for social distancing, and for working from home.

BTC has to date deployed over 700 mobile base station sites distributed across the country; over 500 of these are LTE/4.5G enabled. BTC has also increased  Mobile  Broadband  Capacity  on  sites with high LTE utilisation in selected urban areas and major villages using the L2100 and L2300 spectrums. BTC continued deploying Fibre to the 'x' (FTTx) technology in urban areas and major villages,  providing Fixed Broadband services to homes and offices. In addition to the FTTC and FTTH  roll  out,  BTC  partnered  with  BoFiNet  to provide FTTH services to customers in Gaborone using the BoFiNet open access network infrastructure.

## Our Fixed Broadband Network

BTC  continued  rolling  out  Fibre  to  the  Home (FTTH)  in  areas  like  Jwaneng  and  Orapa  in addition to the roll  out  that  was  done  in previous years in Phakalane, Block 3, Block 8 and Tsholofelo  West.  BTC  also  migrated  customers to Fibre, leveraging the BoFiNet FTTH and FTTB services deployment. Additional areas now covered  include  Block  10,  Partial,  Kgale  View, Tsholofelo  East,  Village,  Phiring  (Extensions  27, 40, 43, and 44), Block 6, Block 9, and Gaborone West  Phases  1  and  2.  The  migration  done  the previous year included Gaborone Extensions 3, 5, 9, 10, 11 and 39. All businesses where Fibre to the buildings was deployed saw customers migrated from  copper  to  fibre  technologies.  This  aimed to  ensure  customers  benefit  from  improved quality of service and were able to upgrade to higher speeds. Because of the fibre deployment, BTC customers on the FTTC and FTTH networks can  now  realise  connectivity  speeds  of  up  to 50Mbps and 100Mbps, respectively.

BTC has also deployed additional sites using the Wireless-to-the-x  (WTTx)  technology  powered by  the  4.5G  network  and  Point  to  Multi  Point wireless broadband radio. WTTx delivers Fixed wireless high-speed Broadband (fibre-like) connectivity to residential or business customers with delivery speeds of up to 20Mbps in areas where there is no Fixed wireline infrastructure.

## Our Mobile Broadband Network

During the 2021-22 financial year, BTC continued with mobile network transformation initiatives, focusing  primarily  on  radio  access  network deployment.  The deployment included rollout of new site and upgrade of existing sites to improve capapcity and coverage. This is even though the roll out was decelerated to align the investment with the  systemic business challenges that came  with  the  Covid-19  pandemic.  The  BTC LTE (4.5G)  network supports combined mobile data  throughput  of  293Mbps  per  site,  which was previously available in Gaborone and Francistown only.

This  has  been  extended  to  semi-urban  areas with the rest of the country supporting throughput capacities of 195Mbps per site. Due to high demand on the LTE fixed wireless services with  mobility,  BTC  is  aggressively  increasing bandwidth per site using carrier aggregation and cloud air technologies, leveraging the available IMT2100  and  IMT2300Mhz  spectrum  that  has high spectral efficiency and supports high Internet throughputs.

<!-- image -->

## Mobile Spectrum &amp; Licenses

BTC has the following spectrum as assigned by Botswana Communications Regulatory Authority (BOCRA):

GSM900 - 6Mhz, GSM1800Mhz - 12Mhz, UMTS2100 - 10Mhz, LTE1800 - 10Mhz LTE 2100 - 10Mhz LTE 2600 - 20Mhz TDD LTE2300Mhz - 40Mhz Point-to-Multipoint 3500Mhz - 30Mhz

These spectrums continue to enable BTC to provide high speed wireless and mobile Broadband services across the country at the highest throughput levels ever experienced in Botswana. BTC has positioned itself to compete for more relevant spectrum as soon as it is released by BOCRA.

## Digital Transformation

In continuation of billing efficiency and automation, BTC continued to harness its converged billing platform capability by automating processes to improve financial outlook and customer experience. The debt collection process was automated to disconnect for overdue payments and reconnect upon successful account crediting, leading to improved collections.

## TECHNOLOGY UNIT REVIEW (CONTINUED)

The average bill generation and invoice dispatch to customers was reduced from seven days to three days. Time to market for products significantly improved enabling BTC to become competitive on both Fixed and Mobile market. A dealer electronic recharge system was enhanced to empower airtime dealers to improve the service they provide on behalf of BTC product users.  BTC continues to leverage its digital competitive advantage and has accelerated digital transformation to deliver seamless integrated digital experience to valuable customers through 360-degree omnichannel digital interactions. The evolution from a closed IT architecture to an open platform architecture for internal and external services development was started during the financial year 2021-22 and will be concluded during the financial year 2022-23.

## BTC Sentlhaga Data Centre Services

The BTC Sentlhaga Data Centre has been built to be lean in terms of its architecture. It further provides flexibility  to  support  multiple  business  models. The  Data  Centre Services  provides  the Virtual Data Centre (VDC), Storage as a Service (STaaS), Backup as a Service (BAAS), Software as a Service (SAAS) and Colocation. BAAS service was built and completed during the 2021-22 financial year as per demand from the market.

The Data Centre is positioned to offer a wide range of digital services products with key strategic players - including but not limited to Netflix, Facebook, Akamai - already using the Data Centre to serve the Botswana market. In the last two years, we successfully carried out customer assessments and  offered  customers  rationalised,  optimised  Microsoft  stack  solutions  comprising  Office  365 which includes the Microsoft Teams virtual meeting solution which aided most organisations to operate remotely and safely in compliance with Covid-19 protocols. We continue to expand our digital service portfolio to offer new suites, addressing vertical markets with strong revenue growth while minimising operational complexity.

BTC continues to offer seamless migration to the cloud. Customers can leverage the expertise and experience of our cloud engineers and dedicated 24/7/365 support.

<!-- image -->

## Our Governance

BTC is a proudly Botswana business that strives to operate and deliver to a truly international standard. In this section, we share more about our business, our history and the very essence of our brand.

## 04

<!-- image -->

| Board of Directors  Executive Committee  Corporate Governance  Compliance with the Corporate  Governance Code  Risk Management and Revenue Assurance  50  56'  64  85'  92   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

48 |

## Board of Directors

The  Board's  primary  duty  is  to  define  BTC's purpose and ensure that a robust strategy is in place  to  achieve  the  organisation's  long  term objectives.

Botswana Telecommunications Corporation

49 |

BTC ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

<!-- image -->

## 1. Ms. Lorato Boakgomo-Ntakhwana

Independent Non-Executive Director Board Chairperson

Chairperson - Directors Affairs and Governance

Committee

Member - Human Resources Committee,

Date of Appointment: October 2016

Nationality: Motswana

Ms. Boakgomo-Ntakhwana is a career banker whose professional  experience  spans  over  30  years.  She previously  held  the  position  of  Deputy  CEO  of  FNB International  and  Portfolio  Executive  for  Emerging Countries. Prior to this role, she was the CEO of First National  Bank  Botswana  (FNBB)  Limited.  She  has been  associated  with  the  FirstRand  Group  since August 2008, where she served as a Board Member and Board Committee Member in several countries. Ms.  Ntakhwana  is  an  independent  Non-Executive Director of Metropolitan Botswana and Chairperson of the Local Enterprise Authority (LEA) Board.

Currently,  she  is  the  Managing  Director  of  Sally Dairy.  Ms.  Boakgomo-Ntakhwana  has  a  Bachelor  of Commerce degree from the University of Botswana and a Master of Business Administration (MBA) from Loyola  College  in  Baltimore,  USA.  She  also  holds several other professional qualifications.

## 2. Mr. Andrew Johnson

Independent Non-Executive Director Chairperson - Technology and Investment Committee Member - Audit and Risk Committee Date of Appointment: May 2017 Nationality: South African

Mr. Johnson is a telecommunications expert whose career  in  the  industry  spans  over  34  years,  with  a special focus on mobile telecommunications and fibre infrastructure  development.  His  career  experience includes such roles as Chief Technical Officer for the MTN Group, Chief Executive Officer for MTN Rwanda, and Chief Technical Officer for MTN Uganda, as well as  other  positions  within  MTN  Group.  Prior  to  that, he  worked  as  a  Telecommunications  Engineer  for Eskom.

Mr. Johnson has extensive business and technology management  consulting  experience  within  SubSaharan Africa and the Pacific region in 18 different countries for the African Development Bank, World Bank and other entities and operators. He has worked as  Principal  Consultant  at  Tubitayeho  Telecomms Consulting in South Africa for the past 11 years to date.

He has also previously served as a Director for MTN subsidiaries in Cameroon, Cote d'Ivoire, Nigeria, Rwanda and Uganda, whilst working for MTN Group and MTN International.

Mr. Johnson holds a BSc (Eng) Electrical - Light Current, from the University of the Witwatersrand in South Africa,  with  a  specialisation  in  Telecommunications and Alternative Energies.

## 3. Mr. Ranjith Priyalal De Silva

Independent Non-Executive Director Chairperson - Audit and Risk Committee Member - Directors Affairs and Governance Committee Date of Appointment: May 2017 Nationality: Sri Lankan

Mr. De Silva is a Chartered  Accountant  whose expertise covers Auditing, Accounting, Tax Planning, Financial Investigations and Fiscal Management.

Now retired, he has over 36 years of experience  in  the profession  primarily  spent  at PriceWaterhouseCoopers (PwC) Botswana, where he was a Partner for 19 years and Chief Operating Officer for 9 years. While with PwC Botswana, he served a large  portfolio  of  Audit/Tax  Clients  and  provided Business Advisory Services to many large privatelyowned corporates in Botswana. Mr. De Silva is a NonExecutive  Director  of  Far  Properties  Limited,  three Old Mutual subsidiaries in Botswana and Debt Capital Participation Funding Limited

Mr. De Silva is an Independent Non-Executive Director for three Old Mutual subsidiaries in Botswana and of Debt  Participation  Capital  Funding  Limited.  He  is  a member of numerous professional bodies including being an Associate Member of the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (CIMA) of the UK, and a Fellow Member of the Botswana Institute of Chartered Accountants (BICA) and the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Sri Lanka. .

## 4. Mr. MacLean Letshwiti

Independent Non-Executive Director Member - Technology and Investment Committee, Directors Affairs and Governance Committee Date of Appointment: October 2016 Nationality: Motswana

Mr.  Letshwiti  is  a  respected  entrepreneur  whose expertise spans across business management, commercial and industrial development, and project appraisal and monitoring. He was instrumental in  setting  up  Avis  Rent-a-Car  in  Botswana.  He  is currently  a  Director  of  several  companies,  namely: Kalahari Mining and Machinery, Laurelton Diamonds Botswana  (a  subsidiary  of  Tiffany  and  Co.  and  a company  listed  on  the  New  York  Stock  Exchange), and Avis Rent-a-Car.

He has served on several Boards of listed companies, including the Botswana Insurance Holdings Limited (BIHL) Group, of which he was Chairman. He was also a  Board Member of Botswana Housing Corporation (BHC), among other entities.

Mr.  Letshwiti  holds  a  Bachelor  of  Arts  degree  in Administration from the University of Botswana and Swaziland (Botswana campus) and a number of other professional and leadership qualifications.

## 5. Ms. Gaone Macholo

Independent Non-Executive Director

Chairperson - Human Resources Committee Member - Directors Affairs and Governance Committee Date of Appointment: October 2020 Nationality: Motswana

Ms. Macholo is a seasoned human capital executive with  professional  experience  spanning  25  years  in the health, telecommunications, mining and financial services  sectors.  She  has  previously  held  various executive positions, including at First National Bank Botswana (FNBB), Debswana and BCL.

Currently the Chairperson of G4S Botswana Limited, Ms. Macholo is a strong believer in the alignment of people strategies to employees' productivity, age and professional experience. She prioritises maintaining cordial and constructive relations with the Union as a vital stakeholder for any business.

Ms.  Macholo  holds  a  Bachelor  of  Administration in  Social  Sciences  from  the  University  of  Botswana and a Master'Degree in Public Health &amp; Management from  the  University  of  Massachusetts,  USA.  She has  also  attended  a  myriad  of  leadership,  business management  and  technical  courses,  including  the Executive Leadership Programme from the University of Cape Town.

## 6. Mr. Bafana Molomo

Independent Non-Executive Director Member - Audit and Risk Committee, Technology and Investment Committee Date of Appointment: September 2018 Nationality: Motswana

Mr. Molomo is Co-founder and Managing Partner at Aleyo Capital, a Botswana-based private equity fund manager.  He  was  previously  the  Chief  Investment Officer at Botswana Development Corporation (BDC), having joined from Vantage Capital, a leading mezzanine fund manager based in Johannesburg and operating  across  Sub-Saharan  Africa.  Mr.  Molomo is  an  independent  Non-Executive  Director  of  Far Properties Limited and Metropolitan Botswana.

At  Vantage,  Mr.  Molomo  was  a  Senior  Associate originating  and  structuring  deals  in  South  Africa, Botswana,  Namibia  and  Mozambique.  Prior  to  that, he  was  with  Venture  Partners  Botswana  (VPB) in  Botswana  and  Namibia  as  a  Senior  Investment professional  in  the  private  equity  team,  and  as  an Investment Analyst with Fleming Asset Management. He  brings  extensive  experience  in  private  equity, corporate finance, strategy and project finance.

Mr. Molomo holds a Bachelor of Commerce (Economics  and  Finance)  degree  and  a  Master's  in Business Administration degree from the University of Cape Town. He also holds a Postgraduate Diploma in Business from the University of Pretoria's Gordon Institute of Business Science (GIBS). He has also held several  Board  roles  in  hospitality,  healthcare,  ICT, property, FMCG and beverage companies.

## 7. Mr. Thari G. Pheko

Independent Non-Executive Director Member - Audit and Risk Committee, Human Resources Committee Date of Appointment: September 2018 Nationality: Motswana

Mr.  Pheko  is  the  Founding  Chief  Executive  and Member  of  Botswana  Communications  Regulatory Authority  (BOCRA)  Board,  having  been  the  Chief Executive of the sector-specific regulator, Botswana Telecommunications  Authority  (BTA)  for  six  years prior to its dissolution in 2013. He  successfully managed the transition from BTA to BOCRA, moving the  organisation  towards  a  wider  integrated  ICT regulatory  mandate.  Mr.  Pheko  is  an  independent Non-Executive Director of Standard Chartered Bank Botswana.

Mr. Pheko served with several consultancies, including  Consultancy  on  the  Information  Society and ICT Development Strategy and the formulation of the National ICT Policy for Botswana. He previously served  on  the  Board  of  BotswanaPost  and  was  a part-time lecturer in Management Information Systems at University of Botswana. He was President of  Botswana  Information Technology Society and a Commissioner of the Botswana National Commission for United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation  (UNESCO).  He  currently  serves  on  the Board of Trustees of the Boitumelo Foundation.

Mr.  Pheko  holds  a  Bachelor  of  Science  (Hons)  in Business  Finance  and  Economics  and  a  Master of  Science  in  Management  Information  Systems, both  from  the  University  of  East  Anglia,  UK.  He has attended numerous Executive  Management Programs from University of Cape Town, University of  Kent  Canterbury,  Rutgers  University  and  other professional institutions.

## 8. Mr. Thato Kewakae

Independent Non-Executive Director Member - Technology and Investment Committee Date of Appointment: September 2021 Nationality: Motswana

Mr. Kewakae is a well-rounded business professional and executive  with  a  business  and  ICT  background that  is  supplemented  by  working  experience  from across various industries. He is experienced in leading growth in private sector business, in consultancy and providing  support  services  for  both  the  public  and the private sectors.

Mr. Kewakae has served as Managing Director at  Cabling  for  Africa  Botswana  for  six  years.    He previously worked as Information Systems Manager at  the  Botswana  Institute  for  Development  Policy Analysis  (BIDPA)  and  as  Manager:  Special  Projects and  Chief  Information  Officer  of  BotswanaPost.  Mr. Kewakae  currently  sits  on  the  Botswana  Housing Corporation (BHC) Board and is part of the Finance/ Audit and HR Committees.

He wields a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Botswana and a Bachelor of Engineering (Computer Science) from Birla Institute of  Technology  in  India.  He  has  also  successfully completed  the  Executive  Development  Program  at the  University  of  Stellenbosch  in  Cape  Town  and  a Project Management Course at Wits University.

## 9. Mr. Anthony Masunga

Executive Director Managing Director Date of Appointment: January 2017 Nationality: Motswana

Mr.  Masunga  is  responsible  for  providing  overall leadership to BTC including managing the company's reputation  and  brand  through  various  stakeholder engagement programs. He continues to lead the postlisting  transformation  efforts  of  the  organisation  in pursuance of creating sustainable stakeholder value. His  mandate  covers  leading  the  BTC  team  in  the implementation of the corporate strategy, ensuring adherence  to  the  highest  corporate  governance standards, management of all financial and technical systems and processes, and development and management of the human resource capital.

He has served in several leadership positions ranging  from  BTC's  Chief  Operating  Officer,  Acting Group  General  Manager  Commercial,  Privatisation Programme Manager, General Manager of beMOBILE (now  BTC  Mobile)  to  Chief  Technical  Officer  of  a mobile operator in Botswana.

He  has  over  25  years'  experience  in  the  field  of Telecommunications  and  Information  Technology. Mr.  Masunga holds a BSc Computer Science degree from  McGill  University  (Canada)  and  an  MBA  from De Montfort University (UK). He is an Alumni of the University  of  Stellenbosch  Business  School,  having completed  their  Executive  Development  and  Africa Directors Programmes.

54 |

## Executive Committee

BTC is proud to have an Executive Management team  that wields unrivalled expertise  and exeprience and who are united in their ambition to deliver on BTC's Strategy.

Botswana Telecommunications Corporation

55 |

BTC ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

## EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE (CONTINUED)

<!-- image -->

## 1. Anthony Masunga

## Managing Director Date of Appointment: January 2017

Mr. Masunga is responsible for providing overall leadership  to  BTC  including  managing  the  company's reputation  and  brand  through  various  stakeholder engagement programs. He continues to lead the postlisting  transformation  efforts  of  the  organisation  in pursuance  of  creating  sustainable  stakeholder  value. His  mandate  covers  leading  the  BTC  team  in  the implementation  of  the  corporate  strategy,  ensuring adherence to the highest corporate governance standards,  management  of  all  financial  and  technical systems and processes, and development and management of the human resource capital.

He has served in several leadership positions ranging from BTC's Chief Operating Officer, Acting Group General Manager Commercial, Privatisation Programme Manager,  General  Manager  of  beMOBILE  (now  BTC Mobile) to Chief Technical Officer of a mobile operator in Botswana.

He  has  over  25  years' experience  in  the  field of Telecommunications and Information Technology. Mr.  Masunga  holds  a  BSc  Computer  Science  degree from  McGill  University  (Canada)  and  an  MBA  from De  Montfort  University  (UK).  He  is  an  Alumni  of  the University of  Stellenbosch  Business  School,  having completed  their  Executive  Development  and  Africa Directors Programmes.

## 2. Boitumelo Paya

## Chief Financial Officer Date of Appointment: April 2020

Boitumelo is responsible for providing leadership direction  and  management  of  the  finances  and  of the  accounting  team.  Additionally,  she  is  tasked  with managing the processes for financial forecasting and  budgets,  overseeing  preparation  of  all  financial reporting, advisory on long-term business and financial planning for the business, internal and external financial  reporting,  stewardship  of  a  company  assets, and ownership of cash management processes. Boitumelo also plays a crucial role in forward-looking and  expanding  to  incorporate  strategy  and  business partnership.

She is  armed  with  over  20 years'  work  experience  in executive financial management,  including finance integration, business transformation, financial planning &amp;  analysis, audit and  assurance,  strategic decision support, investor relations and Mergers &amp; Acquisitions support.  She  has  held  various  senior  positions  in  the past, including Finance Director at Kgalagadi Breweries and Malawi Beverages respectively, and Finance Executive at SABMiller plc in the UK.

She  is  a  Fellow  Member  of  the  Chartered  Certified Accountants  (FCCA)  as  well  as  a  Fellow  Member  of Botswana  Institute  of  Chartered  Accountants  (BICA). She  also  holds  a  Master  of  Business  Administration degree from the University of Derby. She has previously undertaken the Management Development Programme through the University of Pretoria's Gordon Institute of Business Science (GIBS).

## 3. Aldrin Sivako

## Chief Operations Officer Date of Appointment: October 2017

Aldrin  is  responsible  for  the  Technical  arm  of  the business, overseeing the Information Systems, Technology,  and  Transformation  divisions.  He  is  also responsible for BTC's Corporate Security Services, which covers Physical and Cybersecurity. He provides leadership in implementing the Company's Technology and Digital  Strategy,  leading  the  delivery  of  corporate programmes  portfolio  and  identifying and  forging relationships with strategic partners.

Aldrin  is  an  astute  Telecommunications  Engineering Executive with over 20 years of experience in the telecommunications industry. He has led Telecommunication engineering transformation initiatives  covering  technology  strategy  formulation and  execution,  new  business  development/product development and management. He was the founding Technical Executive of Botswana Fibre Networks (BoFiNet) from inception and previously served as the Chief Technical Officer of Liquid Telecom Botswana.

Aldrin holds a Master of Business  Administration degree from the Management College of South Africa (MANCOSA),  and  a  Bachelor  of  Engineering  (Hons) degree in Telecommunication Systems from Coventry University in the UK. He is an Alumni of the University of Stellenbosch  Business  School  Executive  Development Programme, and the Africa Directors Programme.

## 4. Edward Wicks

## Chief Commercial Officer Date of Appointment: April 2018

Edward oversees the Commercial arm of BTC, directing and driving  performance  in  the  Marketing,  Enterprise Sales, Consumer Sales and Quality of Service functions. He  is  responsible  for  the  delivery  of  the  Company's Commercial Strategy.

Edward has been in the telecommunications industry for more than 25 years and has in-depth knowledge and expertise in most aspects of telecommunications. This includes commercial management, strategic marketing, product development, business  development  and  distribution.  He  has  held various senior positions and directorships prior to his time at BTC. As a strategic consulting expert, he has also been involved in launching two new mobile networks in Botswana.

Edward  holds  a  Bachelor  of  Commerce  (Honours) degree from the University of Edinburgh.

## 5. Sidney Mganga

## Company Secretary Date of Appointment: May 2018

Sidney is tasked with advising the Board and Company on governance matters and providing  secretarial  services to the Board. He also oversees the Legal and Regulatory functions of the Company to ensure compliance with statutory and regulatory requirements.

He has over 17 years' cumulative private sector experience  in  legal,  compliance  and  regulation  and corporate governance.

Sidney  holds  a  Bachelor  of  Laws  (LLB)  degree  from the  University  of  Botswana  and  is  also  an  Associate Chartered  Company  Secretary  from  the  Institute  of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators of Southern Africa  (ICSA).  Sidney  also  completed  a  Postgraduate Diploma  in  Advanced  Tax  &amp;  Audit  from  Botswana Accountancy  College  (BAC).  He  has  also  undergone Senior Management Development Programme (SMDP) training  with  the  University  of  Stellenbosch  Business School.

## 6. Abel Bogatsu

## General Manager - Finance Date of Appointment: November 2010

Abel  oversees  the  operation  and  management  of  all financial  systems  and  processes  within  the  business. This includes but is not limited to treasury, budgeting, credit and financial control, working to ensure compliance  with  regulatory  and  financial  reporting standards. He also provides professional finance input into the creation and maintenance of the BTC Business Strategy to deliver sustainable shareholder value.

Abel  has  more  than  25 years'  experience  in  both  the private  and  public  sectors.  He  holds  a  Bachelor  of Commerce degree in Accounting from the University of Botswana and is a Fellow of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) and the Botswana Institute of Accountants (BICA). He is an Alumni of the University  of  Stellenbosch  Business  School  Executive Development Programme.

## 7. Same Read Kgosiemang

## General Manager -Internal Audit and Risk Management Date of Appointment: January 2017

Same oversees the Risk and Internal Audit Division and is  tasked  with  ensuring that BTC has and maintains a robust  Risk  and  Internal  Audit  Strategy.  This  includes working to provide BTC Board  and  Management with an independent  and  objective assurance on risk  management,  internal  controls  and  governance processes. He ensures business continuity, sustainability and compliance with best practice corporate governance and reporting standards.

Same has over 24 years'  experience  in  Internal Audit and Risk Management. He is an Associate Member of the  Chartered  Institute  of  Management  Accountants (CIMA)  UK,  and  a  Fellow  Member  of  the  Botswana Institute of Chartered Accountants (BICA). He is also a Member of the Institute of Internal Auditors (IIA) USA and  the  Institute  of  Risk  Management  (IRM)  in  the UK. He is an Alumni of the University of Stellenbosch Business School Executive Development Programme.

## 8. Mmamotse Wilkinson

## General Manager - Support Services &amp; Human Resources Date of Appointment: January 2017

Mmamotse  directs  the  Human  Resources  function within a strategic framework to deliver high employee satisfaction and inculcate a culture of high-performance. She is also tasked with providing strategic guidance in ensuring the delivery of high standards of safety, health and environmental services.

Mmamotse has  more  than  18  years  of  experience  in the industry. She holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree from Curtin University of Technology in  Western Australia,  majoring  in  Human  Resource  Management and  Industrial  Relations,  as  well  as  a  Postgraduate Diploma in Strategic Management from the University of Derby.

## 9. Peter Olyn

## General Manager - Technology Date of Appointment: January 2018

Peter is mandated with planning, building and managing  the  operational  functions  of  the  vast  BTC telecommunications network. He also works to develop strategic plans to transform and deploy the BTC network to achieve business targets.

Peter has over 19 years' experience in the telecommunications  industry. He  holds  a Bachelor of  Engineering  degree  in  Electronics  and  Electrical Engineering from the University of Botswana. He is also an Alumnus of the Stellenbosch Business School, having undertaken the Senior Management  Development Training Programme.

## 10. Kutlo Mokgosana

## General Manager Transformation Date of Appointment: October 2018

Kutlo is responsible for driving the delivery of transformational and strategic programmes, synergies and collaborations in line with BTC's Corporate Strategy and the business' Management, Innovation and Digital Strategy  as  well  as  Quality  &amp;  Processes  functions, working to achieve high customer service standards.

Kutlo  has  over  15  years'  experience  from  the  mining and logistics sectors. He has a Bachelor of Accountancy degree from University of Botswana. He is also a certified

Prince2 Practitioner and a Balanced Scorecard Graduate, and  an  Alumnus  of  the London  Business  School Emerging  Leaders  Programme  and  the  University  of Stellenbosch  Business  School  Executive  Development Programme, respectively.

## 11. Nelson Disang

## General Manager - Information Systems Date of Appointment: September 2018

Nelson  directs  BTC's  overall  Information  Systems  (IS) Strategy  to  ensure  that  the  Company's  IS-Enabled investments  are  aligned to the strategic business initiatives. He develops IT governance frameworks and policies, ensuring implementation to enable the efficient and  secure  utilisation  of  BTC  Information  Technology (IT) platforms.

Nelson has been in the IT industry for 17 years and has in-depth knowledge and expertise in IT management, risk  optimisation,  resource  optimisation  and  benefit realisation.  He  has  held  previous  roles  including  but not limited to Intelligent Network Engineer at Huawei Technologies,  Senior  Network  Engineer  at  Mascom Wireless and Head of IT at Botswana Power Corporation (BPC).

Nelson has a Bachelor of Science Computer Engineering degree  from  Clarkson  University,  New  York,  and  is  a certified Balanced Scorecard practitioner with the Balanced  Scorecard  Institute,  as  well  as  a  certified  IT Governance  practitioner  and  a  professional  member of Information Systems Audit and Control Association (ISACA).  He  has  undergone  both  the  Management Development  Programme  and  Senior  Management Development Programme at the University of Stellenbosch.

## 12. Boitumelo Masoko

## General Manager - Consumer Sales (on Secondment to Mobile Financial Services) Date of Appointment: October 2017

Boitumelo  develops  and  directs  implementation  of the  Sales  Strategy  for  the  Consumer  and  Small  and Medium segment. This means a focus driving sales and revenue growth, thus contributing towards the delivery of Shareholder value for BTC.  She covers broad areas of Dealer and Agent Network Management, running of BTC Shops, Mobile Financial Services, Contact Centre and the Small and Medium Accounts segment.

Boitumelo is an experienced and result-oriented professional  with  over  25  years'  experience  in  the telecommunications  industry,  majority  of  which  has been  spent  at  BTC.  She  has  a  strong  background  in strategic planning,  sales and customer care management and operational delivery.

Boitumelo holds a Bachelor of Arts in Social Sciences from the University of Botswana, as well as a Master's Degree in Science in  Strategic  Management  from the  University  of  Derby.  She  completed  her  Executive Development Programme at UNISA Graduate School of Business  Leadership  (SBL)  and  thereafter  undertook the Executive Development Programme at University of Stellenbosch.

## 13. Malebogo Mosinyi

## General Manager - Marketing Date of Appointment: April 2019

Malebogo is responsible for developing and delivering on the Marketing Strategy of the business. This includes a focus on positioning BTC to compete effectively in a highly  competitive  and  mature  telecommunications market through Fixed and Mobile products and services.

Malebogo  has  15  years'  experience  in  Research  and Marketing.  She oversees product conceptualisation and insights, consumer and enterprise product development, MFS and brand marketing. She has worked in various organisations prior to joining BTC in 2016, including the Botswana  Institute  for  Development  Policy  Analysis (BIDPA), Bank Gaborone, and Kgalagadi Breweries.

She holds a Master of Commerce degree in Management Practice from the University of Cape Town, a Master's degree in Economics and a Bachelor's degree in Social Sciences  from  the  University  of  Botswana.  She  has also completed her Senior Management Development Programme (SMDP) through the University of Stellenbosch.

## 14. Lebudi Kgetse

## General Manager - Enterprise Sales Date of Appointment: November 2019

Lebudi  is  tasked  with  maintaining  a  comprehensive Sales  Strategy  for  the  Enterprise  Market  segment, working  to  drive  sales  and  revenue  growth  and  thus contributing towards the delivery of Shareholder value for BTC. He is responsible for positioning BTC to compete effectively in a highly competitive and mature telecommunications market for Fixed, Mobile and Digital products and services.

He has over 20 years' experience in the Telecommunications industry, having spent most of his career at BTC and growing within the business. He has experience in customer relationship management and strategy development, amongst other areas.

Lebudi  holds  a  Master  of  Business  Administration degree  from  North  West  University  in  South  Africa and a Bachelor of Commerce degree from the University  of  Botswana.  He  also  holds  a  Diploma  in Telecommunications  Management,  Associate  Diploma in  Banking,  Postgraduate Certificate in Enterprise Risk Management  and  Prince  2  Foundation  Certificate  in Project  Management.  He  successfully  completed  the Senior Management Development Programme (SMDP) through the University of Stellenbosch.

62 |

## Corporate Governance

Botswana Telecommunications Corporation

63 |

BTC ANNUAL REPORT 2022

<!-- image -->

## Corporate Governance Statement of Commitment

BTC  is  dedicated  to  the  implementation  of  effective structures, policies and practices that enhance corporate governance and create sustainable value for our shareholders and stakeholders. The Board believes that excellent corporate governance is fundamental in ensuring a sustainable and successful business, and as such remains committed to ensuring that the Company is  managed  in  a  responsible  manner  with  integrity, fairness, transparency and accountability.

As  a  listed  entity,  BTC  strives  to  achieve  and  uphold the  highest  principles  of  business  ethics,  corporate governance  and  reporting.  In  addition  to  complying with  the  guidelines  of  the  BSE  Code  of  Corporate Governance, BTC has also complied with the principles of King III and is aligning itself to ensure compliance with the King IV Code of Good Governance by the end of the 2022 financial year. BTC's corporate governance practices are continually being reviewed and improved by benchmarking against accepted international best practice.

## Corporate Governance

The  Board  is  the  custodian  of  corporate  governance and is responsible for ensuring that the business of BTC is conducted according to sound corporate governance principles. This is done through approving key policies and ensuring that the Company meets its obligations to all stakeholders.

The  Board  directs  BTC's  strategic  planning,  its  risk assessment, internal controls, financial and operational management  to  ensure  that  BTC's  obligations  to  its stakeholders are  understood and  observed.  BTC  also acknowledges  its  corporate  social  responsibility  and provides assistance and developmental support to the communities  in  which  it  operates,  and  to  deserving institutions at large.

Adherence to sound principles of corporate governance by BTC is critical to earning and maintaining the trust of key stakeholders and, ultimately achieving its performance goals, while acknowledging that the methods it employs to achieve these goals are as important as the goals themselves. The BTC Board is committed to the practice of good corporate governance and subscribes to the following:

- The King Code III of Good Governance, and now transitioning to King Code IV
- The Companies Act
- The BSE Equity Listings Requirements
- The International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)
- The  Global  Reporting  Initiative's  (GRI)  Sustainability  Reporting  -  guidelines  on  Economic, Environmental and Social performance

## Compliance with King III

In addition to complying with the BSE Code of Corporate Governance, the Company has complied with the principles of King III and is aligning itself to ensure compliance with the King IV Code of Good Governance by the end of the 2022-23 financial year.

BTC  believes  that  compliance  with  recognised  best  practices  will  provide  superior  levels  of performance in terms of sustainable returns to all stakeholders. We take into consideration not only the interests of the Company and its shareholders, but the wider environment including suppliers, employees and the community as a whole. A representative of our stakeholders is included on page 104 of this report.

This Report is prepared in compliance with the principles of King III. Where the Directors have deemed it impractical to apply certain recommended practices, the rationale is explained under the relevant section.

## Board's Governance and Structure

The  governing  body  of  BTC  is  the  Board  of  Directors  which  consists  of  the  Chairperson,  the Managing Director and seven other independent members appointed by the shareholders in line with the Companies Act. BTC has a unitary Board structure with the majority of members being Non-Executive Directors. The preponderance of Independent Non-Executive Directors is strongly encouraged on the Board.

The  roles  of  the  Chairperson  and  the  Managing  Director  are  separate,  and  the  composition  of the Board ensures a balance of authority precluding any one Director from exercising unfettered powers of decision making.

The Board retains full control over BTC and monitors executive management in the implementation and execution of strategies and policies. The Board is assisted in fulfilling its responsibilities by the following sub-committees:

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTINUED)

- Audit and Risk Committee
- Human Resources Committee
- Technology and Investment Committee
- Directors' Affairs and Governance Committee

The responsibility for the implementation and monitoring of corporate governance in BTC rests with the Board, which is assisted by the above-mentioned sub-committees. The delegation of authority to Committees does not absolve nor transfer any of the responsibilities of the Board to the respective Committees, and the Board remains ultimately accountable to the shareholders of the Company.

The Board is led by a Non-Executive Chairperson. During the financial year under review, the Board was chaired by Ms. Lorato Boakgomo-Ntakhwana, who is an Independent Non-Executive Director. The Chairperson has no executive function but meets regularly with Senior Executive Management to monitor progress and discuss relevant business issues and is available to respond to stakeholder queries  or  other  issues  relating  to  BTC.  Non-Executive  Directors  have  the  opportunity  to  meet separately without the BTC Managing Director as and when circumstances warrant.

## Definition of independence

For purposes of this Report, Directors are classified as follows:

- Executive Directors: Who are involved in the day-to-day management of BTC and are in its full time employ
- Non-Executive  Directors: Include  Directors  who  may  be  nominees  or  representatives  of  a shareholder
- Independent Non-Executive Directors: Being Directors who are neither involved in the day-today management of BTC, nor are nominees or representatives of a shareholder

## Board Charter

The Board operates in terms of a formal Charter, the purpose of which is to regulate the conduct of its business in accordance with sound corporate governance principles.

The objectives of the Charter are to ensure that all Directors acting on behalf of BTC are aware of their duties, responsibilities, the legislation and regulations affecting their conduct. Furthermore, it seeks to ensure that sound corporate governance principles are applied in all dealings by the Directors. The Charter sets out the responsibilities to be discharged by Directors collectively and individually.

## Appointment of Directors

In making Board appointments, the broad principles that are followed are to maintain an independent and vibrant Board that constructively reviews Management's perfomance against approved strategies. A balance is maintained among Non-Executive Directors which ensures that the majority of these are independent Directors. The BTC Board regularly reviews its required mix of skills, experience and other qualities such as its demographics and diversity so as to assess the effectiveness of the Board. This review is by means of a self-evaluation of the BTC Board as a whole, its committees and the contribution of each individual Director.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTINUED)

The Directors are chosen for their business acumen, wide range of skills, and experience. The Board gives strategic direction to BTC, appoints the Managing Director and ensures that succession planning is in place. In appointing Directors, emphasis is placed on achieving the necessary balance of skills, experience, professional and industry knowledge to meet BTC strategic objectives. The selection and appointment of Directors is a formal and transparent process, is a matter for the whole Board assisted by the Directors' Affairs and Governance Committee and is subject to approval by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company. Succession planning is also reviewed regularly.

Shareholders are ultimately responsible for the composition of the Board and it is in their interests to ensure that the Board is properly constituted.

## Appointments and Retirements

During the financial year under review, Mr. Thato Kewakae was appointed to the Board on the 28th of September 2021 and Ms. Serty Leburu retired from the Board on the 28th of September 2021. For the year under review the BTC Board was constituted by the following directors:

<!-- image -->

| MEMBER  POSITION  DATE AND PERIOD OF  APPOINTMENT  QUALIFICATIONS  Ms. Lorato Boakgomo-  Ntakhwana  Chairperson  Appointed in October 2016  BA Commerce (UB); MBA (Loyola  College, USA)  Mr. McLean Letshwiti  Independent  Member  Appointed in October 2016  BA Administration (BOLESWA)  Mr. Anthony Masunga  Managing  Director  Appointed in January 2017  BSc (Computer Science); MBA, (McGill  University, Canada);  MBA (De Montfort University, UK)  Ms. Serty Leburu  (retired, 28  th  September 2021)  Independent  Member  Appointed in April 2009  BCom (UB), Fellow of the Chartered  Institute of Management Accountants of  UK (FCMA)  Mr. Andrew Johnson  Independent  Member  Appointed in May 2017  BSc (Eng) Electrical  [Telecommunications and Alternative  Energies] (University of the  Witwatersrand, RSA)  Mr. Ranjith Priyalal De  Silva  Independent  Member  Appointed in May 2017  Fellow Member of the Botswana  Institute of Chartered Accountants  (FCA); Fellow Member of the  Institute of Chartered Accountants  of Sri Lanka (FCA); Associate of the  Chartered Institute of     Management  Accountants of UK (ACMA)  Mr. Thari Pheko  Independent  Member  Appointed 27 September  2018  BSc (Hons) in Business Finance and  Management; M.Sc. in Management  Information Systems (University of East  Anglia, UK)  Mr. Bafana Molomo  Independent  Member  Appointed 27 September  2018  BCom (Economics and Finance):  MBA (University of Cape Town):  Post-graduate Diploma in Business  (University of Pretoria's Gordon Institute  of Business Science)  Ms. Gaone Macholo  Independent  Member  Appointed 23 October 2020  BA Social Sciences (UB), Master's  Degree in Public Health (University  of Massachusetts, USA), Certificate in  Industrial Relations (Wits University,  RSA)  Mr. Thato Kewakae  Independent  Member  Appointed 28 September  2021  Bachelor of Engineering (Computer  Science) from Birla Institute of  Technology in India, Master of Business  Administration (University of Botswana),  Executive Development Program at the  University of Stellenbosch in Cape Town,  Project Management Course (Wits  University).   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Managing Director is engaged on a fixed term contract of employment with agreed and set targets which are appraised by the Board from time to time. The contract may be renewed if the Board is satisfied with his performance.

## Responsibilities of the Board and the Executive Management

BTC  is  led  by  a  Board  that  brings  leadership,  commitment,  and  rigour  to  the  business  of  the organisation, as well as its good governance in pursuit of its statutory mandate, ensuring proper and effective control of the BTC's business and carrying out periodic evaluation of corporate performance .

The Board is also responsible for  guiding corporate  governance by establishing committees and structures within the organisation to assist it in the effective fulfilment of its responsibilities. The Board delegates certain functions to well-structured Sub-committees without abdicating its own responsibility.

The Board, directly or through its Sub-Committees:

- Approves BTC's Corporate Strategies, annual budgets and business plans
- Approves  significant  capital  expenditure  projects,  selection  of  suppliers  and  major  financial proposals
- Assesses the comprehensive system of reporting on financial and non-financial matters, strategy and other operational matters
- Ensures compliance with applicable laws and regulations
- Approves acquisitions and divestments
- Assesses key business risks and monitors the management of those risks
- Ensures the effectiveness of internal control systems
- Appoints senior management, evaluates and monitors their performance

Management is required to implement BTC's plans and strategies as approved by Board. The Board monitors management's performance on an ongoing basis.

## Division of Responsibilities between the Board and Executive Management

There is a clear division of responsibilities between the Executive Management and the BTC Board. The  Executive  Management  has  responsibility  for  the  daily  operations  of  the  business  and  the execution of BTC's strategy, subject to the policies and positions adopted by the BTC Board .

## Ethical Standards

Members of the Board and all employees are required to conduct themselves according to the highest ethical standards. BTC strives to always make relevant disclosures of information to stakeholders in a transparent manner.

BTC has in place a Code of Ethics and Conduct which establishes the principles and guidelines of conduct including behaviours that individuals are subject to. In addition, the purpose of the Code is to ensure ethical leadership and ethical interactions with both internal and external stakeholders. The Directors' Affairs and Governance Committee reviews compliance with the Code of Ethics and Conduct in BTC.

## BOARD SUB-COMMITTEES

In the course and scope of discharging their mandate, the Directors are empowered to delegate part of their duties to various Board Sub-Committees.

Certain functions of the Board are facilitated through the main Sub-Committees including the Audit and Risk Committee, the Human Resources Committee, Directors Affairs and Governance Committee and the Technology and Investment Committee; each constituted in accordance with section 20.3.2 of the Company Constitution.

These  Sub-Committees  have  formal  Charters  and  report  to  the  Board  on  regular  intervals.  The Committees  are  fully  mandated  by  the  BTC  Board  as  to  their  membership,  scope  of  authority, responsibilities and duties. These committees are chaired by independent Non-Executive Directors and comprised a majority of Independent Non-Executive Directors.

The Board is supported by specialist Committees as follows:

## Audit and Risk Committee Members

Mr. Ranjith Priyalal De Silva (Chairperson)

- Mr. Bafana Molomo
- Mr. Andrew Johnson
- Mr. Thari Pheko

## Overview

The Committee operates within defined terms of reference as set out in its Charter and the authority granted  to  it  by  the  Board  and  meets  at  least  quarterly  with  more  meetings  being  held  when necessary. The internal and external auditors attend these meetings and have unrestricted access to the Chairperson.

The Company's Audit and Risk Committee is composed of at least four Independent Non-Executive Directors and is chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. There are no relationship overlaps that could interfere with the Audit and Risk Committee members' independence from Management.

The main responsibility of the Audit and Risk Committee is to assist the Board in discharging its responsibilities under the Companies Act and ensuring compliance with other applicable legislation and requirements of regulatory authorities. In particular, it monitors financial controls, accounting systems  and  reporting,  compliance  with  legal  and  statutory  requirements,  evaluation and  the management of risk and internal control systems, and the effectiveness of the internal and external auditors. The Committee also evaluates BTC's exposure and response to significant risks, including risks to its sustainability.

The  activities  of  the  Audit  and  Risk  Committee  are  set  out  in  the  Report  of  the  Audit  and  Risk Committee on page 76.

## Technology and Investment Committee Members

Mr. Andrew Johnson (Chairperson) Mr. Maclean Letshwiti Mr. Bafana Molomo Mr. Thato Kewakae

## Overview

The Committee operates within defined terms of reference as set out in its charter and the authority granted  to  it  by  the  Board  and  meets  at  least  quarterly  with  more  meetings  being  held  when necessary. BTC's Technology and Investment Committee is composed of no fewer than three NonExecutive Board Members. The role of the Committee is to assist the Board to ensure that it fulfils its corporate governance and oversight responsibilities for BTC's strategy in relation to Technology and Investment opportunities.

The duties of the Committee include the following:

## On Technology, to:

- Review  BTC's  technology  planning  and  strategy,  including  the  financial,  tactical  and  strategic benefits of proposed significant technology-related projects and initiatives:
- Receive reports on existing and future trends in technology that may affect BTC's strategic plans, including monitoring overall industry trends
- Provide oversight over new innovative technology developments for future deployment within BTC
- Increase awareness of key technology changes and innovations within BTC and in the marketplace
- Review and endorse technology investments and projects including monitoring and reviewing post implementation results of all such key technology projects
- Consider  the  negative  impact  that  technology  could  have  on  the  environment  and  provide sustainable solutions for Management's action
- Ensure that there are appropriate systems in place for the management of information assets and the performance of data functions
- Ensure that there are systems in place for private information (such as intellectual property, investment decisions and tendering processes) to be treated by BTC as an important business asset and that all personal information that is processed by BTC is identified
- Ensure that an Information Security Management System (ISMS) is developed and incorporates the following high-level information security principles:
- Confidentiality of information
- Integrity of information
- Availability of information and information systems in a timely manner.

## On Investment activities, to:

- Review the performance of BTC investments linked to BTC's overall investment strategy
- Consider capital projects, acquisitions and disposal of assets in line with the BTC's overall strategy
- Consider changes in the scope of projects that exceed limits, as may be determined by the Board from time to time, in approving the tender regulations, whether once-off or collectively, of the approved project estimate.
- Approve and advise the Board on any other investment
- Consider the viability of the capital projects and/or acquisitions and/or disposals and the effect they may have on the BTC's cash flow, as well as whether they comply with the BTC's overall strategy.
- Ensure that appropriate due diligence procedures are followed when acquiring or disposing of assets.
- Oversee  the  proper  value  delivery  of  Technology  and  ensure  that  the  expected  return  on investment  from  significant  Technology  investments  and  projects  is  delivered  and  that  the information and intellectual property contained in the information systems are protected.

## On Mergers and Acquisitions activities, to:

Evaluate and review mergers and acquisitions approval policies for investment, acquisition, enterprise services,  joint  venture  and  divestiture  transactions,  and  consider  requests  from  Management  to approve such proposed transactions

- Evaluate the execution, financial results and integration of completed investment, acquisition, enterprise services, joint venture and divestiture transactions.
- Report to the Board, and make recommendations to the Board, as to the scope, direction, quality, investment levels and execution of investment, acquisition, enterprise services, joint venture and divestiture transactions.
- Oversee and recommend strategic alliances.
- Oversee loans and loan guarantees of third-party debt and obligations.
- Oversee investor relations activities.

## On material tender decisions, to:

- Review quarterly reports on the decisions of the Management Tender Committee.
- Award tenders in line with BTC's approved procurement policy and tender regulations.
- Review significant  technology  expenditures,  including  the  associated  budget  for  BTC  and  its business segments.
- Receive reports from management, as and when appropriate, concerning the implementation of BTC's technology initiatives, including the cost compared to budget, the expected benefits and the timelines of implementation.

## Human Resources Committee

## Members

Ms. Gaone Macholo (Chairperson) Ms. Lorato Boakgomo-Ntakhwana Mr. Thari Pheko

## Overview

The Committee operates within defined terms of reference as set out in its charter and the authority granted  to  it  by  the  Board  and  meets  at  least  quarterly  with  more  meetings  being  held  when necessary. BTC's Human Resources Committee is composed of at least three Non-Executive Board Members.

## The Committee's mandate includes:

- Review and monitor BTC's strategic human resource initiatives and their compliance with the BTC's human resource policies.
- Ensuring alignment of the remuneration strategy and policy with BTC's business strategy.
- Determining remuneration packages needed to attract, retain and motivate high performing staff.
- Ensuring that remuneration relative to other comparable companies is pitched at the desired level taking relative performance into account.

## Directors' Affairs and Governance Committee Members

Ms. Lorato Boakgomo-Ntakhwana (Chairperson) Mr. Ranjith Priyalal De Silva Mr. Maclean Letshwiti Ms. Gaone Macholo

## Overview

The Committee operates within defined terms of reference as set out in its charter and the authority granted to it by the Board and meets at least twice a year, with more meetings being held when necessary.

## The Committee's mandate includes:

- Ensuring  the  establishment  of  a  formal  process  for  the  appointment  of  Directors  and  make recommendations for consideration by the Board pertaining to the appointment and removal of Directors including the Managing Director.
- Maintaining objectivity and neutrality in determining the remuneration and benefits of Directors.
- Ensuring that a succession plan is in place for the Directors including the Managing Director.
- Overseeing the performance and evaluation of the Board.
- Ensuring that a process of nominating, electing and appointing Directors is in place.
- Reviewing compliance with the Code of Ethics and Conduct by Executive and Non-Executive Directors.

## Ad-hoc Committees

Ad-hoc Committees are appointed by the Board, as and when necessary, to consider specific issues before submission to the Board for a final decision. The Board, as it finds necessary, determines the terms of reference of such committees.

## Board and Committee Meetings

A minimum of four (4) Board meetings are scheduled each financial year to consider strategic and key issues, financial matters, operational performance and any specific proposal for capital expenditure and investment, where applicable.

Additional meetings are convened on an ad-hoc basis to consider extraordinary items of importance which may require urgent attention.

Board meetings are convened by a formal notice incorporating a detailed agenda together with relevant written proposals and reports. Information is distributed in a timely manner prior to Board meetings to facilitate adequate preparation for thorough discussion at these meetings. A number of decisions may be taken between Board meetings by written resolution in accordance with the BTC's founding documents.

## Attendance and Meetings of the Board and Board Committees

The BTC Board is expected to meet at least quarterly and retains full control over BTC. The BTC Board monitors Management, ensuring that material matters are subject to BTC Board approval, and reserves to itself a range of key decisions to ensure that it retains proper direction and control of BTC.

<!-- image -->

A summary of meetings held and attended is presented below;

| MAIN BOARD  TECHNOLOGY  &amp; INVESTMENT  COMMITTEE  AUDIT AND RISK  COMMITTEE  HUMAN RESOURCES  COMMITEE  DIRECTORS AFFAIRS  AND GOVERNANCE  COMMITTEE  Member  Attendance  Member  Attendance  Member  Attendance  Member  Attendance  Member  Attendance  Ms. Lorato  Boakgomo-  Ntakhwana  √  6/6  √  4/4  √  2/2  Ms. Serty  Leburu (retired  28 September  2021  √  3/3  √  2/2  Mr. Maclean  Letshwiti  √  6/6  √  5/5  √  2/2  Mr. Andrew  Johnson  √  6/6  √  5/5  √  3/3  Mr. Priyalal De  Silva  √  6/6  √  5/5  √  2/2  Mr. Thari Pheko  √  6/6  √  4/4  √  3/3  √  4/4  Mr. Bafana  Molomo  √  6/6  √  5/5  √  5/5  √  2/2  Ms. Gaone  Macholo  √  6/6  √  4/4  Mr. Thato  Kewakae  (appointed  28 September  2021)  √  3/3  √  1/1  Mr. Anthony  Masunga  √  6/6  √  5/5  √  5/5  √  4/4  √  2/2   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## REPORT OF THE AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE

The Committee is pleased to present its report for the financial year ended 31 March 2022. The report is presented in accordance with the recommendations contained in the King III Report on Corporate Governance.  The Committee operates within defined terms of reference as set out in its charter and the authority granted to it by the Board.

The Audit and Risk Committee ensures that there is appropriate independence relating to non-audit services provided by the external auditors.

During the period under review the following activities, amongst others, were carried out:

- Reviewed and commented on the Annual Financial Statements  and the accounting  policies and ensured that the Annual Financial Statements of the Company comply with all statutory requirements.
- Monitored compliance with accounting standards and legal requirements.
- Reviewed  the  quality  and  effectiveness  of  the  external  audit  process,  the  External  Auditor's Report to the Committee and Management's responses.
- Reviewed  interim  reports,  results  announcements  and  other  releases  of  price-sensitive information.
- Reviewed significant judgements and/or unadjusted differences resulting from the audit, as well as any reporting decisions made.
- Recommended the appointment of Deloitte &amp; Touche as the registered Independent Auditors
- Set the terms of Deloitte &amp; Touche's engagement.
- Determined the fees to be paid to Deloitte &amp; Touche and ensured that the fees are fair and equitable.
- Maintained a non-audit services policy which determines the nature and extent of any nonaudit services that Deloitte &amp; Touche may provide to the Company.
- Ensured that the BTC's existing combined assurance model addresses the significant risks facing the business.
- Formed an integral component of the risk management process and, amongst others, monitored:
- ° Financial reporting risks
- ° Internal financial controls
- ° Fraud risks as they relate to financial reporting
- ° Information technology (ICT) risks in so far as they relate to financial reporting
- Played an oversight role in respect of the internal audit function to ensure its effectiveness
- Approved Internal Audit Annual Plan.
- Monitored closure of reported audit findings.
- Reviewed developments in corporate governance and best practice and considered their impact and implications on BTC and in particular ensured that the principles of King III are embedded throughout the business.
- Satisfied itself that the Chief Financial Officer is appropriately qualified and experienced to fulfil her role and that the Finance function is suitably resourced and skilled to carry out its obligations.
- Reviewed  the  text  of  various  reports,  including  the  Going  Concern  Statement,  Corporate Governance Report and Directors' report for inclusion in the Integrated Annual Report for the year ended 31 March 2022.

## Annual financial statements

The Audit and Risk Committee has evaluated the annual financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022 and ensured that they comply, in all material aspects, with the requirements of the Companies Act and appropriate International Financial Reporting Standards. The Committee has therefore recommended the annual financial statements for approval to the Board. The Board has subsequently approved the financial statements, which will be open for discussion at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting.

## Conclusion on fulfilment of duties and obligations

Given  the  above,  the  Committee  is  of  the  opinion  that  it  has  appropriately  addressed  its  key responsibilities in respect of:

- Internal control
- Financial accounting control
- Risk management
- Selected stakeholder reporting that relates to the Audit and Risk Committee
- Statutory and regulatory requirements.

## REPORT OF THE HUMAN RESOURCES COMMITTEE

The Committee is pleased to present its report for the financial year ended 31 March 2022. This report sets out the Company's remuneration philosophy.

## Remuneration philosophy

The remuneration philosophy applies to all the BTC's operations.  It is the BTC's philosophy to:

- Appropriately compensate employees for the services they provide the business.
- Reward and recognise employees for the attainment of specific BTC performance targets as well as the attainment of individual performance goals through variable pay.
- Inculcate a positive culture through proper recognition structures.
- Attract and retain talented, skilled, and high performing employees to effectively manage the operations and growth of the business.
- Motivate employees to perform in the best interests of BTC and its stakeholders.
- Assist its employees on career development through training and development.

Remuneration levels are positioned relative to other comparable organisations, the current economic environment, and individuals' personal performance and the BTC's business model. Remuneration comprises elements of fixed remuneration and performance-based variable remuneration.

## Remuneration structure

The various elements of the remuneration structure are discussed below.

## Remuneration

The basic element of remuneration is a base salary that is required to attract and retain a given set of skills, competencies, and experience.

## Employee benefits and retirement funding

Other components of reward are given to employees.  These are subject to local competitive practice and  legislation.    BTC  provides,  where  appropriate,  through  third  parties,  additional  elements  of compensation:

- Pension or Retirement savings, comprising full or partially matched (with employee) contributions towards retirement savings, subject to local competitive practice and legislation
- Gratuity
- Group Life Assurance
- Medical Aid
- Allowances

## Short-term incentives (STI)

Employees have an element of STI based remuneration, comprising one of the following:

- A pool-based Performance Incentive Bonus which award is at the Board's discretion.
- A bonus triggered by the achievement of the budgeted Profit Before Tax (PBT) as determined by the Board at the beginning of the financial year under review.
- An individual award based on performance.

## Non-Executive Directors' Remuneration

The remuneration for the Non-Executive Directors for the year ended 31 March 2021 was approved by the shareholders at BTC's Annual General Meeting on 28 September 2021.

<!-- image -->

## Directors; Remuneration and Shareholding

Except  for  the  Managing  Director,  members  of  the  Board  are  not  entitled  to  monthly  or  annual salaries. Members of the Board and Sub-Committees are paid a sitting allowance.

The aggregate number of Botswana Telecommunications Corporation Limited shares held directly by Directors as at 31 March 2022 is 857,488. Details of the shareholding are as per the table below:

| MEMBER  POSITION  DIRECTORS  REMUNERATION  (AMOUNT IN PULA)  DIRECTORS SHAREHOLDING  (NUMBER OF SHARES)  Ms. Lorato Boakgomo-Ntakhwana  Chairperson  248,500  254,488  Mr. Anthony Masunga  Managing  Director  5,975,675*  250,000  Ms. Serty Leburu (retired, 28 September 2021)  Director  65,000  NIL  Mr. McLean Letshwiti  Director  155,000  243,000  Mr. Andrew Reginald Johnson  Director  195,000  NIL  Mr. Ranjith Priyalal De Silva  Director  199,000  NIL  Mr. Thari Pheko  Director  215,000  110,000  Mr. Bafana Molomo  Director  185,000  NIL  Ms. Gaone Macholo  Director  153,000  NIL  Mr. Thato Kewakae (appointed 28 September 2021)  Director  50,000  NIL   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Remuneration includes gratuity that was paid during the year for the five (5) year contract that ended in December 2021.

## INTERNAL AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT

## Internal Audit

BTC has an Internal Audit function that reports directly to the Audit and Risk Committee. The function provides assurance on the adequacy and effectiveness of controls to mitigate risks to its strategic, operational, financial and compliance objectives. The key elements of the system of internal control are delegation, operations, planning and empowerment, competence, monitoring and reporting. The systems are designed to provide reasonable assurances to the integrity and reliability of the financial statements and other operational information.

Such  systems  of  internal  controls  are  designed  to  manage  rather  than  eliminate  the risks of failure to meet business objectives, providing a reasonable but not an absolute assurance against material loss or misstatement. Based on the information received from Management, the Audit and Risk Committee and the Risk and Internal Audit Division, the Board believes that the systems of internal controls can be reasonably relied upon, and that there was no material threat in the effectiveness of the system of internal control during the period under review.

## Internal Audit Function

BTC has an independent Internal Audit function which administratively reports directly to  the  Managing  Director,  with  a  dual  reporting  responsibility  to  the  Audit  and  Risk Committee. The Internal Audit  process  provides  an  assurance  that significant  risks  are subject to periodic review and that control processes are in place and weaknesses are identified and mitigated.

Internal Audit is also expected to advise the Board whether the BTC's framework of risk management, internal control and governance processes, as designed by Management, is adequate and functioning. Internal Audit has an Internal Audit Charter setting out the independence of the function, which has been adopted by the Audit and Risk Committee and signed by the Chairperson of that Committee. BTC's Internal Audit function is designed to add value and enhance the Company's operations. It helps the Company to accomplish its strategic objectives by bringing a systematic, disciplined approach to evaluate and improve the effectiveness of risk management, control and governance processes. In performing its duties, Internal Audit is principally guided by the Institute of Internal Auditors' professional practice framework, King IV and other relevant standards in undertaking Internal Audit responsibilities.

The Internal Audit Charter places considerable emphasis on:

- Independence of the Internal Audit function
- Integrity and professionalism within internal audit
- Risk-Based Internal Auditing.

The Internal Audit function follows a risk-based methodology to develop the annual audit plan, which is reviewed and approved by the Audit and Risk Committee. The Chairperson of the Audit and Risk Committee appraises the Board on the duties of the Internal Audit function on quarterly basis. All the work is conducted by appropriately qualified and experienced team members and follows the Institute of Internal Audit Standards.

To improve agility and efficiency, the Internal Audit function has invested more on the use of technology (Computer Aided Audit Tools (CAATs). The increased use of data analytics tools has enabled the function to perform robust audit tests and timely sharing of audit results with meaningful insights. As the business shifts towards digital transformation, the function has also implored ways of tapping into the digital world through the use of robotics.

A  summary  of  audit  results,  progress  against  delivery  of  the  audit  plan  and  progress  in closing both Internal and External Audit findings items are presented bi-weekly to Executive Management and quarterly to the Audit and Risk Committee. The Committee actively reviews the Internal Audit submissions and appraises the Board accordingly.

Through  the  anonymous  tip-off  line  managed  by  Deloitte,  Internal  Audit  investigates  all reported cases and conveys findings and recommendations to the Managing Director and the Audit and Risk Committee.

## Monitoring Results and Management Reporting

Effective internal controls should prioritise the timing of information required as per the applicable laws and needs of management. All reporting of financial and other results is carried out as an effective monitoring mechanism; actual results are compared against the annual plans and against the historical trends of the previous years.

## Risk Management

Effective  risk  management is integral to the BTC's objectives of consistently adding value to the business. Management is continuously developing and enhancing its risk and control procedures to improve the mechanisms for identifying and monitoring risks. Operating risk is the potential for loss to occur through a breakdown in control information, business processes and compliance systems. Key policies and procedures are in place to manage operating risk exposure involving segregation of duties, transaction supervision, monitoring, financial and managerial reporting.

In addition to the above, the Board has endeavoured to ensure that control systems, designed to safeguard the BTC's assets and maintain proper accounting records that facilitates the production and availability of reliable information, are in place and are functioning as planned.

The programme ensures that a wider range of risks arising as a result of BTC's diverse operations are effectively managed in support of the uninterrupted communications services to Botswana and the creation and preservation of shareholder wealth. The significant business risks to the Company, financial, operational and compliance, which could undermine the achievement of BTC's business objectives are identified, mitigation is established, and risk owners appointed. Business risks are regularly monitored and reviewed by a standing Risk Management committee.

A Risk Management Report is included on page 92 to 96.

## Going Concern

The Board has considered and recorded all relevant facts and assumptions and has concluded that BTC has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future. Their statement in this regard is also contained in the statement of Director's responsibility for the Annual Financial Statements.

## Approval of Annual Financial Statements

The financial statements of BTC have been reviewed by the Audit and Risk Committee, approved by the Board and can be signed off by any two Directors. In practice, however, they are usually signed on behalf of the Company by the BTC Chairperson and the Managing Director.

## External Auditors

The external auditors provide an independent assessment of BTC's systems of internal financial control and express an independent opinion on the Annual Financial Statements. The external audit function provides reasonable assurance on the accuracy of financial disclosures within the approved thresholds of materiality. The external auditors' plan is reviewed by the Audit and Risk Committee to ensure all significant areas of concern are covered, without infringing on the external auditor's independence and right to the audit.

Close  cooperation  between  the  internal  and  external  auditors  ensures  that  there  is  adequate coverage of all material areas within BTC. In terms of the Companies Act, the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting appointed Deloitte &amp; Touche, a firm of Certified Auditors, as the auditors for the year under review.

## Compliance with Laws and other legal Requirements

BTC  considers  compliance  with  applicable  laws,  industry  regulations,  codes  and  its  own  ethical standards and internal policies to be an integral part of doing business. BTC's Company Secretary function  facilitates  the  management  of  compliance  through  analysing  statutory  and  regulatory requirements, drafting compliance management plans and subsequently implementing those plans throughout BTC and monitoring the implementation of suggested controls to ensure compliance with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements.

The Compliance Checklist and Legal Register rolled out to the business covers dissemination of new legislation, handling of regulatory visits, development and review of risk universes, and various regulatory reporting procedures.

Various pieces of legislation including the Companies Act, the Communications and Regulatory Act, Competition Act, the Financial Intelligence Act (FIA) and Bank of Botswana Act (Electronic Payments Regulations)  were  analysed  for  purposes  of  developing  and  reviewing  the  risk  universes  of  the business. The Board is conscious of its responsibility and is unequivocally committed to upholding ethical  behaviour in conducting its business. The Board, through the Company Secretary's office, strives to ensure that the businesses of BTC comply with the laws and regulations of Botswana.

## Company Secretary and Professional Advice

The Company Secretary is Mr. Sidney Mganga. All Directors have unlimited access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary, who is accountable to the Board for ensuring that all prescribed procedures  are  complied  with,  and  that  sound  corporate  governance  and  ethical  principles  are adhered to. Any Director is entitled to seek independent professional advice concerning the discharge of  his  or  her  responsibilities  at  BTC's  expense, though the encouraged practice is to arrange this through the Company Secretary.

## Relationship with Employee Representatives

As part of maintaining harmonious relations and a conducive employee relations climate within the Company, the Botswana Telecommunications Employee Union (BOTEU) and Management continue to engage each other through the established communication, consultation and negotiation forums.

## Employee Share Ownership Plan ('ESOP')

As part of the BTC Initial Public Offer ('IPO'), the Government of the Republic of Botswana ('the Government' or 'Majority Shareholder') reserved 5% of the issued share capital of BTC (52,500,000 shares) for the benefit of Citizen BTC Employees.

Initially the shares were to be deposited into an Employee Share Trust and dividends accrued were to be shared equally amongst employees. The Government through a Presidential Directive (CAB 10(A)/2016) amended the terms of the Employee Share Scheme to allow for employees to directly purchase the reserved shares. This amendment was approved at the 2016 Annual General Meeting. 820 out of 950 eligible BTC Employees purchased 19,269,200 of the reserved shares at 85thebe per share, a 15% discount to the IPO price of P1.00. A total of 33,230,800 shares (3.16% of the issued share capital of BTC) remain in the hands of Government.

The Company and Majority Shareholder are still in discussion about how both the Company and BTC employees can benefit from the remaining shares which are still in the hands of Government.

<!-- image -->

## Environment, health, safety and sustainability

BTC strives to conform to, and to exceed, environmental, health and safety laws in its operations and seeks to add value to the quality of life of its employees through preventative health programmes.

## COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

To  improve the corporate  governance principles and to enhance the Board's accountability, BTC voluntarily decided to subject itself to the world class code on Corporate Governance, the King III Code on Corporate Governance (www.kingIII.co.za). The statement below, which is based on the code published by the King Committee, measures the degree of its compliance to the respective codes. BTC has complied with the Codes of Best Practice throughout the financial year ended 31 March 2022, other than with the exceptions stated below:

## COMPLIANCE WITH KING III PRINCIPLES

| Principle  Description of Principle  Compliance  Compliance status and additional comments  1. Ethical Leadership and Corporate Citizenship  P 1.1  The Board should provide effective  leadership based on an ethical  foundation.  √  In accordance with the Board Charter, the Board is the  curator of the values and ethics of BTC. BTC recognises  that good governance emanates from effective,  responsible leadership, which is characterised by  ethical values. The Company has in place a Code of  Ethics and Conduct to ensure ethical leadership and  ethical interactions with both internal and external BTC  stakeholders  P 1.2  The Board should ensure that the  Company is and is seen to be a  responsible corporate citizen.  √  BTC Corporate Social Responsibility reports adequately  reflects the Company's commitment to good corporate  citizenship.  P 1.3  The Board should ensure that the  Company's ethics are managed  effectively.  √  BTC has a Code of Ethics and Conduct integral to the  Company's employment conditions, which promotes,  amongst other things the ethical values of responsibility,  accountability, fairness and transparency.  2. Board and Directors  2.1  The Board should act as the focal  point for, and custodian of, corporate  governance.  √  In accordance with the Board Charter, the Board is  committed to the highest standards of corporate  governance  2.2  The Board should appreciate that  strategy, risk, performance and  sustainability are inseparable.  √  The Board, in accordance with the Board Charter, is  responsible for aligning the strategic objectives, vision  and mission with performance and sustainability  considerations. BTC's risk management process considers  the full range of risks including strategic and operational  risks covering all areas of performance.  2.3  The Board should provide effective  leadership based on an ethical  foundation.  √  See 1.1 above   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTINUED)

| Principle  Description of Principle  Compliance  Compliance status and additional comments  2.4  The Board should ensure that the  Company is and is seen to be a  responsible corporate citizen.  √  See 1.2 above  2.5  The Board should ensure that the  Company's ethics are managed  effectively.  √  See 1.1 above  2.6  The Board should ensure that  the Company has an effective  and independent Audit and Risk  Committee.  √  BTC has an effective and independent Audit and Risk  Committee reporting to the Board and chaired by an  independent Non-Executive Director.  2.7  The Board should be responsible for  the governance of risk.  √  The Board, through its Audit and Risk Committee,  oversees the management of risks company-wide.  2.8  The Board should be responsible  for information technology (IT)  governance.  √  The Board through the Technology and Investment  Committee and the Audit and Risk Committee is  responsible for this area.  2.9  The Board should ensure that the  company complies with applicable  laws and considers adherence  to non-binding rules, codes and  standards.  √  A compliance framework is monitored by the BTC legal  team. In the Board's view, BTC is in compliance with all  laws and regulations (see also 6.1).  2.10  The Board should ensure that there  is an effective risk-based internal  audit.  √  The Internal Audit function, with the help of the external  auditors, handles this function prudently  2.11  The Board should appreciate that  stakeholder's perceptions affect the  Company's reputation.  √  As part of the risk assessment process, the Board, through  its Audit and Risk Committee, evaluates all risks relating  to reputational issues arising from customers, employees,  shareholders, government agencies, local communities,  etc.  2.12  The Board should ensure the  integrity of the Company's  Integrated Report.  √  Annual financial statements are reviewed by the Audit  and Risk Committee and the Board. Further the significant  components of the Annual Report are reviewed by the  Board before being officially released.  2.13  The Board should report on the  effectiveness of the Company's  system of internal controls.  √  As part of the Internal Audit Charter, the Internal Auditors  review the Company's internal control systems and  provide a report to the Audit and Risk Committee and to  the Board. The Audit and Risk Committee as part of its  reporting, confirms the adequacy of the internal controls  in operation at the Company.  2.14  The Board and its Directors should  act in the best interests of the  Company.  √  The terms of appointment and the acceptance of  appointment as Directors dictate that the Directors act  in the best interest of the Company and that all conflicts  of interest are declared and/or reported and adequately  dealt with.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTINUED)

| Principle  Description of Principle  Compliance  Compliance status and additional comments  2.15  The Board should consider  business rescue proceedings or  other turnaround mechanisms as  soon as the company is financially  distressed as defined in the Act.  √  The Company always ensures that it meets the solvency  tests. The Company also prepares a three-year business  plan incorporating financial forecasts for early detection  of any financial distress situations.  2.16  The Board should elect a Chairman  of the Board who is an Independent  Non-Executive Director. The CEO of  the company should not also fulfil  the role of Chairman of the Board.  √  The Board Chairperson is an Independent Non-Executive  Director chosen at the Annual General Meeting of the  Company. The Managing Director, the equivalent of the  CEO, is not the Chairperson of the Board.  2.17  The Board should appoint the chief  Executive Officer and establish a  framework for the delegation of  authority.  √  The Managing Director (equivalent to the CEO) is  appointed by the Board on a fixed period contract basis.  The Company has a well-defined organisational structure  with strategies, targets and authority to achieve them. A  delegation of authority framework is also in place.  2.18  The Board should comprise a  balance of power, with a majority  of Non-Executive Directors. The  majority of Non-Executive Directors  should be independent.  √  Currently, all but one of the positions on the Board are  filled by Independent Non-Executive Directors.  2.19  Directors should be appointed  through a formal process.  √  A formal framework on the appointment of Directors is  in place. Currently, Directors are selected by the Directors  Affairs and Governance Committee and approved by  the Board before being recommended for approval by  shareholders at the Annual General Meeting.  2.20  The induction of and ongoing  training and development of  directors should be conducted  through formal processes.  √  BTC Directors undergo a formal induction and there is  ongoing training that is done thought-out the year for the  Development of Directors.  2.21  The Board should be assisted by a  competent, suitably qualified and  experienced company secretary.  √  The Company Secretary is a legal professional and a  chartered company secretary, suitably qualified to handle  the company secretarial matters of BTC.  2.22  The evaluation of the Board, its  committees and the individual  Directors should be performed  every year.  √  The Company does carry out evaluations albeit not every  year.  2.23  The Board should delegate certain  functions to well-structured  committees but without abdicating  its own responsibilities.  √  The Board has appointed four sub-committees viz.  the Audit and Risk Committee, the Technology and  Investment Committee and the Human Resources  Committee and the Directors' Affairs and Governance  Committee.  2.24  A governance framework should be  agreed between the group and its  subsidiary boards.  √  Each committee has terms of reference. All memberships  to these committees are approved by the Board.  2.25  Companies should remunerate  directors and executives fairly and  responsibly.  √  All Directors except the Managing Director are currently  remunerated for time spent at meetings, in line with the  fees approved by shareholders   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTINUED)

| Principle  Description of Principle  Compliance  Compliance status and additional comments  2.26  Companies should disclose the  remuneration of each individual  director and certain senior  executives.  √  The Annual Report adequately discloses all remuneration  paid to Directors, their shareholdings and other  relationships with the Company.  2.27  Shareholders should approve the  Company's remuneration policy.  √  The Company's remuneration policies are approved only  by the Board save for the remuneration philosophy which  must be approved by shareholders.  3  .  Audit Committees  3.1  The Board should ensure that the  Company has an effective and  independent Audit Committee.  √  BTC has an effective and independent Audit and Risk  Committee reporting to the Board and chaired by an  Independent Non-Executive Director.  3.2  Audit Committee members should  be suitably skilled and experienced  Independent Non-Executive  Directors.  √  BTC has an effective and independent Audit and Risk  Committee comprising qualified accounting professionals  and chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director.  3.3  The Audit Committee should be  chaired by an Independent Non-  Executive Director.  √  The Audit and Risk Committee is chaired by an  Independent Non-Executive Director.  3.4  The Audit Committee should  oversee integrated reporting.  √  The annual financial statements are evaluated and  approved by the Audit and Risk Committee together with  the integrated report.  3.5  The Audit Committee should ensure  that a combined assurance model  is applied to provide a co-ordinated  approach to all assurance activities.  √  The Audit and Risk Committee ensures that internal audit  function provides the umbrella guarantee in collaboration  with other assurance providers namely Risk Management,  Regulatory Compliance, Revenue Assurance and Fraud  Management. External auditors also review the work  carried out by Internal Audit to provide assurance and  determine the level of reliance to be placed on internal  audit work.  3.6  The Audit Committee should satisfy  itself of the expertise, resources and  experience of the Company's finance  function.  √  All members of the Audit and Risk Committee are  adequately qualified and they have reviewed and are  satisfied that the resources at the BTC Finance function  are suitably qualified.  3.7  The Audit Committee should be  responsible for overseeing of  internal audit.  √  The Internal Audit function's annual audit plans are  approved by the Audit and Risk Committee. The Internal  Audit function periodically reports to the Board and has  unfettered access to the Committee.  3.8  The Audit Committee should be  an integral component of the risk  management process.  √  The Audit and Risk Committee periodically reviews the  Company's risk profile and risk management approach.  The Committee is of the view that the risks are being  adequately addressed.  3.9  The Audit Committee is responsible  for recommending the appointment  of the external auditor and  overseeing the external audit  process.  √  The Audit and Risk Committee recommends the  appointment of the external auditors to the Board and  to the Annual General Meeting. They also oversee the  external audit process.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTINUED)

| Principle  Description of Principle  Compliance  Compliance status and additional comments  3.10  The Audit Committee should report  to the Board and shareholders on  how it has discharged its duties.  √  The Audit and Risk Committee formally reports to the  Board after each meeting. A report of the Committee is  included in the Annual Report.  4. The Governance of Risk  4.1  The Board should be responsible for  the governance of risk.  √  The Board is aware of this risk and has delegated this task  to the Audit and Risk Committee.  4.2  The Board should determine the  levels of risk tolerance.  √  The Board has established levels of risks, their impact and  likelihood. The risk that can be tolerated and the risks  that it is willing to take are continuously examined by  the Audit and Risk Committee. A risk register is in place to  address this.  4.3  The Risk and Audit Committee or  Audit Committee should assist  the Board in carrying out its risk  responsibilities.  √  The Audit and Risk Committee is a sub-committee of the  Board and assists the Board in its responsibility for the  governance of risks.  4.4  The Board should delegate to  management the responsibility to  design, implement and monitor the  risk management plan.  √  The Board has delegated to management the  responsibility to design and implement risk management  measures and to monitor the risks.  4.5  The Board should ensure that risk  assessments are performed on a  continual basis.  √  The Audit and Risk Committee meets periodically to  consider various matters including discussions of the risk  assessments, risk framework and methodology.  4.6  The Board should ensure that  frameworks and methodologies  are implemented to increase  the probability of anticipating  unpredictable risks.  √  The Audit and Risk Committee looks at the risk  frameworks and methodologies and ensures that  unpredictable risks are well managed. This is an on-going  process.  4.7  The Board should ensure that  management considers and  implements appropriate risk  responses.  √  The annual risk management report is submitted to the  Audit and Risk Committee and to the Board containing  the risk responses. These are periodically monitored.  4.8  The Board should ensure continual  risk monitoring by management.  √  A risk register is in place for purposes of managing all  risks and the Board reviews it quarterly.  4.9  The Board should receive assurance  regarding the effectiveness of the  risk management process.  √  The Audit and Risk Committee provides the required level  of comfort in the evaluation of the effectiveness of the  risk management process.  4.10  The Board should ensure that there  are processes in place enabling  complete, timely, relevant, accurate  and accessible risk disclosure to  stakeholders.  √  A risk management report containing all high level and  operational risks, their impact and the level of responses  are included in the Annual Report.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 5. The Governance of Information Technology (IT)  5.1  The Board should be responsible  for information technology (IT)  governance.  √  The Board understands the importance of the  information technology governance and associated risks.  It has delegated the responsibility for IT governance  issues through the Managing Director to the appropriate  management personnel.  5.2  IT should be aligned with the  performance and sustainability  objectives of the Company.  √  IT is a significant component of BTC's operations, most  of which are based on IT platforms, technologies and  processes and are crucial to its performance and  sustainability. As such, adequate attention is being given  to IT Governance and sustainability.  5.3  The Board should delegate to  management the responsibility  for the implementation of an IT  governance framework.  √  The responsibility for investing, implementing and  managing the IT function is delegated to the management  as well as other functions within the IT infrastructure.  5.4  The Board should monitor and  evaluate significant IT investments  and expenditure.  √  Responsibility for managing the IT governance framework  is delegated to management. The framework supports  effective and efficient decision-making around the  utilisation of IT resources to facilitate the achievement  of the Company's objectives. The Technology and  Investment Committee also oversees this process on  behalf of the Board.  5.5  IT should form an integral part of  the Company's risk management.  √  The management of IT-related risk is the duty of  management. Risks relating to IT are part of the overall  risk management function within BTC. IT management  ensures good project management principles are applied.  5.6  The Board should ensure that  information assets are managed  effectively.  √  In BTC, the IT assets are an integral part of the overall  asset structure of the Company and are, therefore,  adequately managed.  5.7  A Risk Committee and Audit  Committee should assist the Board  in carrying out its IT responsibilities.  √  IT risk management is part of the overall risk  management profile of the Audit and Risk Committee.  6. Compliance with Laws, Rules, Codes and Standards  6.1  The Board should ensure that the  Company complies with applicable  laws and considers adherence  to non-binding rules, codes and  standards.  √  A compliance framework is monitored by the BTC legal  team through the office of the Company Secretary. In  the Board's view, BTC is compliant with all laws and  regulations.  6.2  The Board and each individual  Director should have a working  understanding of the effect of the  applicable laws, rules, codes and  standards on the Company and its  business.  √  The induction process for new Board members attempts  to sensitise the Directors with all laws and regulations  affecting the company as well as their roles and  responsibilities which include fiduciary duties.  6.3  Compliance risk should form an  integral part of the Company's risk  management process.  √  Compliance to laws and regulations is identified under  different risk dimensions, such as market risks, regulatory  risks, finance risks, etc., and are adequately considered.  6.4  The Board should delegate to  management the implementation of  an effective compliance framework  and processes.  √  BTC has an adequate level of responsibilities ensuring  compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTINUED)

| 7. Internal Audit  7.1  The Board should ensure that there  is an effective risk based internal  audit  √  The Company has a dedicated Internal Audit function  responsible for this detail  7.2  Internal audit should follow a risk-  based approach to its plan.  √  See 7.1 above  7.3  Internal audit should provide  a written assessment of the  effectiveness of the Company's  system of internal control and risk  management.  √  The Internal Audit reports quarterly to the Audit and  Risk Committee on audits carried out in order to assess  effectiveness of the internal controls.  7.4  The Audit Committee should be  responsible for overseeing internal  audit.  √  See 7.1 above  7.5  Internal audit should be strategically  positioned to achieve its objectives.  √  See 7.1 above  8. Governing Stakeholder Relationships  8.1  The Board should appreciate that  stakeholder's perceptions affect a  company's reputation.  √  The Board is aware of reputational risk and its potential  effect on the Company's operations, performance and  results. It takes reputational issues seriously and these are  regularly discussed at Board meetings.  8.2  The Board should delegate to  management to proactively deal  with stakeholder relationships.  √  The BTC management structure and the organisational  responsibility adequately deal with the issues relating to  the various stakeholders.  8.3  The Board should strive to achieve  the appropriate balance between  its various stakeholder groupings, in  the best interests of the Company.  √  The Board has delegated its responsibilities to  address the relationship with stakeholders to various  Board committees to and, in some instances, to the  management.  8.4  Companies should ensure the  equitable treatment of shareholders.  √  BTC is an equal opportunity employer and carries out  its activities within ethical guidelines and with the  utmost impartiality. As such, all shareholders are treated  equitably and receive information simultaneously  8.5  Transparent and effective  communication with stakeholders  is essential for building and  maintaining their trust and  confidence.  √  BTC has adopted a responsible practice in communicating  transparently and effectively with its various stakeholders.  8.6  The Board should ensure that  disputes are resolved as effectively,  efficiently and expeditiously as  possible.  √  BTC has dispute resolution mechanisms with various  stakeholder, such as customers, employees, suppliers,  community, shareholders, etc.  9. Integrated Reporting and Disclosure  9.1  The Board should ensure the  integrity of the Company's  Integrated Report.  √  The Board upholds globally recognised high standards of  reporting and rigorously ensures the integrity of any data  before disclosure for reporting purposes.  9.2  Sustainability reporting and  disclosure should be integrated with  the Company's financial reporting.  √  Sustainability reporting is included as part of the Annual  Report.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## RISK MANAGEMENT AND REVENUE ASSURANCE

Revenue assurance is a key risk management activity. Revenue assurance is a set of activities to ensure that all chargeable services are captured and charged accurately and to ensure completeness and accuracy in revenue capturing, rating, invoicing, and accounting.

Fraud Management focuses primarily on the prevention of fraud against irregular network access; thereafter, the detection, analysis and investigation of anomalous events conducted by a first party and third party.

## Purpose

<!-- image -->

Revenue Assurance and Fraud Management aim to provide an assessment on the adequacy of the RA and Fraud controls throughout the order to cash process through BTC Revenue Framework. The assessment includes identifying control gaps, and instances of revenue/fraud leakage. RAFM also aims to centralise all reporting, concerned with fraud/revenue leakage and remediation on known issues and making this readily available to stakeholders.

<!-- image -->

## Enterprise Risk Management

BTC recognises that the risk management process is crucial for the business to succeed, meet its objectives and create shareholder value. BTC continues to operate in a rapidly changing market, characterised by a volatile technological environment in an uncertain industry, which forces it to constantly balance risks and rewards and closely monitor risks which might impact its strategic objectives.  The  financial  year  2021-22  continued  to  see  BTC  operating  under  Covid-19  economic crisis which impacted the economic growth, development and the BTC competitive sustainability, effectively transforming consumer behaviour. Over and above these external challenges, BTC further experienced an upsurge in incidents of copper cable and battery theft which had a bearing on the quality of service due to prolonged and regular power outages.

Risk management activities at BTC are governed by the following principles, and are aligned with its strategy and business model:

- The integration of the culture of risk management throughout BTC's attitudes, values, processes, decision making and business planning.
- An organisational and  governance model that assigns all risks to those responsible for their control and management.
- Independence of the risk function, covering all risks and providing adequate separation between the risk generating functions and those responsible for its control and supervision.
- A complete framework of process control mechanisms for managing and controlling risks.
- A comprehensive approach to all risks, internal and external, involves drawing establishing a risk universe and clearly defining the risks, their nature, impact and mitigation strategy.

BTC has a global framework for identifying and managing risk within our defined tolerance levels, to our operations and risk appetite relative to upside risks as determined in our strategy. The framework has been designed to provide the Executive Committee and Board with a clear line of sight over risk and to enable informed decision making. This framework helps the Company to manage risk in a systematic, transparent and cost-effective manner.

## BTC RISK PHILOSOPHY

Understanding strategic, operational, compliance and financial risk is a vital element of BTC's risk management and oversight process. BTC's risk management and oversight programme is not an end in itself, but a means to support Management in achieving its set goals. BTC understands that no matter how comprehensive its risk management and control system may be, it cannot be assumed to be exhaustive. Nor can it provide certainty that it will prevent adverse developments in BTC's business or that its mitigating actions will be fully effective.

It is important to note that new, as yet unknown, risks may still be identified and that any of the risks identified in this report could have a material adverse effect on BTC's financial position, results of  operations, liquidity or the actual outcome including those referred to in the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report. Day-to-day  responsibility  for  risk  identification,  analysis,  evaluation,  mitigation,  reporting  and monitoring rests with the operating divisions and business units of the Company and coordinated by  the  Head  of  Risk  Management  and  Divisional  Risk  Champions.  BTC's  risk  management  policy requires all operating divisions and business units to identify and assess the risks to which they are exposed. Risk registers document identified risks, their cause, possible consequences, and control and mitigation mechanisms.

## BTC HEADLINE RISKS

| Risk  Covid-19 Exposure  Mitigations  Competition  Covid-19 brought an intensified competition from  a variety of new and existing technology providers,  new market entrants and competitors that also saw  an increased demand for OTT players' platforms as  customers started to embrace new ways of working.  BTC regularly evaluates its products and  services, the competitive landscape through  intelligence insights to enhance customer value  proposition  Market &amp; Economic  Decline  Covid-19 presented a market challenge to the already  severe economic conditions. The economic hardships  had an impact on consumers and business, including  liquidity challenges and erosion of customers'  disposable income.  BTC provided customers with solutions to drive  down costs, digitise their businesses and create  more efficiencies by using BTC products and  services such as cloud and hosting.  Mobile Revenue  Decline  The Covid-19 pandemic saw the demand for OTTs  services becoming more apparent as customers now  prefer to call from OTT apps (WhatsApp, Skype, and  alternative solutions in the context of the 'new ways of  working)'This has put pressure on the mobile revenue.  BTC continues to grow mobile sales revenue  through promotions, implementation of content  strategy, grow Mobile Broadband uptake and  product revamp.  Technology &amp;  Business Continuity  risks  The high demand for WFH internet services due to  Covid-19 has created congestion on the network due to  high utilization especially on FBB nodes at residential  areas and Mobile network bandwidth.  BTC has implemented operation and  maintenance plans for network quality,  resiliency and organisational efficiency including  business regular testing of mission critical  network systems.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Risk  Covid-19 Exposure  Mitigations  Cyber Security  Remote working and WFH due to Covid-19 have  potentially increased the risk of cyber security  threats targeting customers through phishing, social  engineering, and malicious social engineering, or  insecure Apps and services.  BTC has prioritised the implementation of  world-class cyber security processes to enhance  sophisticated attacker detection and has  further undertaken a proactive assessment of  security on all projects including cyber incident  response, containment and focus monitoring.  Quality of Service  Quality of service is key to customer experience through  high network quality reliability and availability. Covid-19  pandemic has impacted on the turnaround times, MTTR  &amp;MTTI) and unplanned store closures had the potential  to exacerbate the risk of revenue loss, brand erosion and  reputational damage.  BTC further noted an upsurge of copper cable and  battery theft that affected the service quality due to  prolonged power outages  Utilisation of digital platforms, including  payment platforms, virtual meetings with  customers, webcasts, etc, in addition to  launching of new products and services.  Security services has enhanced monitoring  including surveillance on high-risk areas and  collaboration with law enforcement agencies  Digitisation  Failure by BTC to deliver innovative solutions, could  negatively impact our market share, relevancy, revenue  growth and profit margins.  BTC is implementing the digital strategy and  automating business processes for efficiency  and to support a digitised and innovative  environment.  Regulation &amp;  Compliance  BTC operates in a highly regulated environment that  requires full compliance to all regulatory requirements  and standards, i.e., (BOCRA, BSE, CIPA, CA, GA KING IV, FIA,  Banking Act, BAOA)  In addition to compliance with regulatory  requirements, BTC regularly engages the  regulator and Governments on how policy/  regulatory decisions positively and negatively  impact the sector and influence regulatory  changes through intelligence reports.  Revenue Recognition  and completeness  Misstatement of revenue due adjustment and leakages  not timely resolved because of external dependencies  i.e., vendors  BTC complies to the international financial  reporting standards through a robust and  independent reconciliation and assurance  process  People Skills &amp; Talent  COVID- 19 has presented some new challenges for BTC  to fully execute its strategy and remain competitive  and relevant. Over and above the critical skills and  competencies on IP, Internet of Things, Cyber security,  cloud and information security, psychological, emotional  stability and wellness issues exacerbated by loss of life,  have now come to the fore.  BTC has put in place a robust employee  wellness programme that includes the  introduction of staff support programmes,  viz, group counselling sessions, work and life  balance, corporate prayer sessions, Covid-19  home care, virtual physical activity session,  medical experts' referral amongst others.  In addition, the Implementation of office  decongestion through reorganised work  arrangement is ongoing.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Business Continuity Management

BTC considers Business Continuity Management (BCM) an integral part of good risk management practice and corporate governance. To this end, and as part of continuous improvement, BTC has reviewed the existing BCM framework to align it to the ever-changing technological deployments and  the  customer  demand  for  increased  network  quality  of  service  and  exceptional  customer experience.

To this end, BTC implemented an annual and structured BCM testing schedule on critical functions to  provide  assurance,  protection,  preparedness,  mitigation  and  response  for system and  process recovery. Mission-critical systems include, but are not limited to, the transmission network systems, switching systems, power and mechanical systems, data systems, IP systems, enterprise systems, mobile systems and IT systems and SHE management. This process ensures that a high level of service is available to customers, ensuring that systems are given appropriate priority during failures, resources are available for recovery and fault restoration, that crises are managed and cleared on time, and guidance provided for recovery, escalation and crisis coordination.

<!-- image -->

98 |

## Our Sustainability Review

Botswana Telecommunications Corporation

## 05

| Human Resources  Stakeholder Engagement  Corporate Social Investment  100  104  107   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## HUMAN RESOURCES

## CULTURE TRANSFORMATION

Culture transformation remains a key component as we strive towards the delivery of the BTC Strategy as it has a direct correlation with customer experience. Great company culture is equivalent to great customer experience.

## TALENT MANAGEMENT

The Talent Management process facilitates and catalyses the BTC Culture transformation. BTC continues to assess its Talent in line with its strategic intent to ensure that the right people do the right things, at the right time and place. BTC continues to facilitate conversations that differentiate Talent according to best potential, to ensure that they are deployed in the right jobs.  The  development  and  implementation  of  differentiated  and  targeted  Learning  and Development Plans remain key to the success of this process.

## SUCCESSION PLANNING

BTC has a robust Succession Plan in place that is reviewed on an annual basis. This contributes towards ensuring minimal exposure (risk) and ensure business continuity. The BTC Succession Plan ensures that there is a pool developed as feeder stock into all BTC managerial or leadership roles.

## PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT

BTC  continues  to  improve  its  discipline  of  managing  performance.  Individual  Performance forms the basis for most people-related conversations and its integrity is critical. BTC strives to become and remain a high performing organisation through the continuous improvement of the Performance Management System year in, year out.

## SAFETY HEALTH, AND ENVIRONMENT (SHE)

BTC is  responsible  for  the  formulation  and  implementation  of  an  all-encompassing Safety, Health and Environmental Policies. Over time, we have broadened beyond employee protection to encompass public safety assurance on a wide range of issues such as:

- Enabling business to better manage risk for themselves.
- Protecting the environment.
- Ensuring  critical  national  infrastructure  functions  safely  through  our  major  hazard prevention and control approaches; and
- Our commitment to cyber-security awareness and protection of employees.

Our work in supporting the Government of Botswana in the fight against Covid-19 is an indication  that  we  are  a  responsible  corporate  citizen.  We  continue  to  influence  and engage stakeholders, create knowledge and awareness of workplace health and safety risk,  and  encourage  behavioral  change  using  our  digital  platforms.  BTC  continues  to monitor Covid-19 cases closely and provide support to employees who contract the virus. BTC recorded 516 positive cases of Covid-19 in the year under review.

## Gender Analysis

The number of male employees in the Company surpasses that of females purely due to the nature of the industry within which we operate. We continue to promote women in ICT and the Telecommunications sector by attracting more women in BTC at all levels and in all disciplines.

## Average age is 41.99 (42) years .

<!-- image -->

The median number of years that employees have worked at BTC is currently 14.4 years.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## OUR STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

As we continue to be the leading communications provider in Botswana, we have made a deliberate undertaking  to  invest  in  and  manage  relationships  with  key  stakeholders.  BTC  has  mapped  its stakeholders and continues to devise creative ways to engage with stakeholders as a critical value driver towards building a commercially sustainable company.

## Our Stakeholder Engagement approach

The BTC stakeholder base includes individuals, groups and organisations that use our products and services,  invest  in  the  company,  or  provide  goods  and  services.  Our  engagements  are  proactive, open platforms offering an opportunity to engage and effectively address the concerns and issues of stakeholders. We respect the interests of the different groups, hence fostering a culture of mutual respect and dialogue.

To  continually  improve  and  manage  these  relationships,  BTC  regularly  engages  with  its  key stakeholders through various platforms. These engagements serve opportunities for information exchange and as a feedback mechanism on our performance.

Messages that are shared include but are not limited to BTC's:

- Adherence to the highest corporate governance standards.
- Contribution to and digitisation of the local economy.
- Support for local businesses.
- Viability as an investment option which delivers value to shareholders.
- Business sustainability.
- Responsibility as a corporate citizen that gives back to Batswana and supports initiatives that uplift lives.

Beyond enhanced stakeholder satisfaction levels, BTC hopes to be recognised as a company that:

- Enables Batswana to live connected everywhere and anywhere.
- Adheres to the highest corporate governance standards.
- Creates and delivers shared value to, with and for all stakeholders.
- Is a dependable investment.
- Positively impacts communities in which it operates to move the Nation forward.

BTC hopes to also enhance transparency and access to information on company operations and performance to:

- Increase support of the Company Strategy, its Board of Directors, and Management.
- Build and maintain relationships with existing and potential investors.
- Build and maintain relationships with key stakeholders.
- Receive important feedback and early warning of potential issues.
- Increase brand affinity and loyalty.
- Enhance digitisation and development of Botswana.

## Engagement Platforms

BTC has developed and implemented a stakeholder engagement strategy that leverages various platforms towards building a sustainable company that intrinsically linked to communities within which it operates.

| STAKEHOLDER  METHOD OF ENGAGEMENT  KEY AREAS OF INTEREST  BTC RESPONSE  Employees  ¸  Employee Engagement  Survey  ¸  Internal Customer  Satisfaction Survey  ¸  MD Staff Addresses (Virtual)  ¸  Divisional/Departmental  meetings  ¸  Intranet - Mowana, Yammer,  ¸  Internal company newsletter  ¸  Emails  ¸  Conditions of Service  ¸  Career progression  ¸  Staff welfare  ¸  Company Strategy  and Performance  ¸  Training and  Development  ¸  General information  dissemination  ¸  Culture Change project  ¸  Introduction of new cultural norms  along with rewards and recognition  ¸  Implementation of a new performance  management tool and rewards system  ¸  Implementation of Talent Management  Programme and online training  opportunities  ¸  Company-wide strategy cascade  ¸  Weekly Safety, Health &amp; Environment  (SHE) awareness communications  Customer  ¸  Customer Satisfactions  Surveys  ¸  Call centres  ¸  Retail outlets  ¸  Interviews and focus groups  ¸  Social Media  ¸  Bulk SMS  ¸  Product launches  ¸  Competitions and reward  mechanisms  ¸  Quality of Service  ¸  Better value offerings  ¸  Faster data networks  and wider coverage  ¸  Making it simpler  and quicker to deal  with BTC (improved  turnaround times)  ¸  Converged solutions  for business  customers  ¸  Significant investments in network  modernisation &amp; expansion to  improve network quality and enhance  Customer experience  ¸  Consolidation of a new Converged  Billing Platform  ¸  Introduced a new website with  increased functionality  Suppliers  ¸  Breakfast meetings  ¸  Formal one-on-one  meetings  ¸  Ongoing site visit audits  ¸  Timely payment and  favourable terms  ¸  Debriefing on tenders  ¸  Improving health and  safety standards  ¸  Introduced a supplier payment  management process  ¸  Timely processing of supplier invoices  ¸  Promote SHE standards  Policy  Maker and  Regulators  ¸  Active participation in policy  forums  ¸  Formal periodic briefings  ¸  Ad hoc engagement on  regulatory matters  ¸  Engagement through  industry consultative bodies  ¸  Licensing and  compliance  ¸  Quality of service and  network  performance  ¸  Wider access  to broadband  communication  services  ¸  Tariff reduction  ¸  Compliance with regulatory  requirements  ¸  Engage as part of stakeholder  management  ¸  Improved service delivery turnaround  times  ¸  Continuously reviewing tariffs for the  benefit of our stakeholders   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

| STAKEHOLDER  METHOD OF ENGAGEMENT  KEY AREAS OF INTEREST  BTC RESPONSE  Shareholders  and Analysts  ¸  Annual General Meeting  (Virtual)  ¸  Print, digital and broadcast  media updates  ¸  Formal one on one meeting  (Institutional Investors)  ¸  Annual and interim financial  results briefings  ¸  Social media  ¸  Radio interviews  ¸  One-on-one interactions with  retail shareholders  ¸  Return on Investment  (share price and  dividends)  ¸  Corporate Performance  ¸  Corporate Governance  ¸  Business Sustainability  ¸  Administrative  information  ¸  Multi-lingual  communication  (English, Setswana and  other relevant local  languages)  ¸  Financial literacy  ¸  Increased investments on  future growth areas of the  business  ¸  Developed &amp; introduced a  Dividend Policy  ¸  Continuous monitoring of  compliance with corporate  governance standards  ¸  Monetisation of the network  ¸  Corporate website incorporating  an Investor Relations page  ¸  Increased use of social media  platforms to disseminate  information  ¸  Diverse information  dissemination platforms  Media  ¸  One-on-one interviews  ¸  Media briefings  ¸  Radio interviews  ¸  Media releases  ¸  Radio talk shows  ¸  Product launches  ¸  Access to quality and  accurate information  ¸  Quality of service  ¸  Company performance  ¸  Products and Services  ¸  Covering events and  activities  ¸  Developed and implemented  a media engagement strategy  &amp; plan  Community  and Local  Leadership  ¸  Corporate Social Investment  (CSI) Programmes  ¸  Print, digital, and broadcast  media  ¸  Events and product launches  ¸  Formal meetings  ¸  Courtesy calls  ¸  Access to services  ¸  Quality of service  ¸  Sponsorships and  donations  ¸  Impact of our  operations on the  communities  ¸  Increased customer service  points  ¸  Network expansion &amp;  modernisation.  ¸  Implement CSI agenda through  the BTC Foundation  ¸  We give back to the community  guided by four focus areas:  -  Entrepreneurship &amp;  Innovation,  -  Wellness &amp; Sports  -  Arts and Culture,  -  Employee Engagement   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## OUR CORPORATE SOCIAL INVESTMENT (CSI)

Our Corporate Social Investment (CSI) is driven by our firm belief that while corporate growth and profitability are essential, corporations must pursue societal goals related to  sustainable development.

In the year under review, the Board of Directors of the Company resolved that the BTC Foundation 'the  Foundation',  a  wholly  owned  entity,  which  was  registered  as  a  trust  be  de-registered  and dissolved. The Board of Trustees of the Foundation resolved that the Foundation be dissolved and the Deed of cancellation of the Trust was executed on the 21st of September 2021. The independent foundation was replaced by an internal CSI which will also be named the BTC Foundation.

The BTC Foundation is a vehicle through which BTC delivers its corporate social investment activities and projects. We take a long-term view with respect to our CSI. We are more concerned with impact and sustainability than with immediate results. It is a non-profit initiative that seeks to be responsive to the needs of the communities in which BTC, its partners and suppliers operate. The Foundation mandate is to have a long-term impact on the lives of communities in pursuit of social, economic, and environmental sustainability.

The Foundation therefore invests in sustainable socially and environmentally impactful community projects and initiatives. This is done through partnerships with like-minded non-profit organisations, sponsorship of CSI projects and direct donations to support causes in line with its focus areas. The BTC Foundation projects and activities are important stakeholder engagement platforms for BTC. Under the current Strategy, the Vision, Mission and Values of the Foundation are below:

<!-- image -->

Giving back to the community - We are committed not only to making a profit, but also ensuring the wellbeing of communities.

Positive impact - We pride ourselves on the impact we have on our people.

Integrity - We are committed to creating trust for mutual benefit.

Excellence - We uphold a high level of excellence in everything we do.

This framework focuses on stakeholder engagement, materiality, monitoring and evaluation, and reporting  of  projects  and  activities.  Projects  and  activities  are  essential  stakeholder  engagement platforms for the Company, and BTC employees are integral to the culture of socially responsible conduct. They are therefore involved in most BTC Foundation initiatives.

## BTC FOUNDATION PROJECTS

## BTC constructs shelter for Princess Marina Hospital

We constructed a shelter for Princess Marina Hospital (PMH) to be utilised by the Hospital's patients and visitors. The waiting room will enhance the customer experience and provide psychological healing to patients.

BTC  Managing  Director,  Mr.  Anthony  Masunga,  was  present  for  the  handover,  during  which  he stated that the Foundation constructed the shelter at a total value of P304, 604. He noted that the waiting area is equipped with 28 benches, a television and sound system for entertainment and Internet connectivity of 10 mbps for a period of one year. BTC is a responsible corporate citizen and in making this donation, we have heeded the National call for assistance from the impact of the Covid-19 and its effects and strain on the healthcare system. Mr Masunga concluded by adding that the BTC Foundation has made a strong commitment to become a trusted partner to communities by investing in projects that are sustainable and impactful, working to improve the wellbeing of societies.

<!-- image -->

## BTC establishes an eco-park in Moshana

BTC established a partnership with Moshana Community Development Trust (MCDT) to the value of P615,000 to construct an eco-park for conservation and environmental protection of exotic plants. A modest conference facility with amenities is also due to be built in the park.

<!-- image -->

MCDT aims to conserve and protect natural resources of the area against extinction,  damage  or misuse, and to promote the sustainable use of natural resources in the area, while also seeking to establish and encourage tourism and entrepreneurship initiatives for the benefit of the community. BTC is privileged to have worked with MCDT for this effort.

Project implementation, resourcing and engagement of suppliers is centred in the local community to encourage economic inclusion and build social capital within the community, in line with BTC's support of local communities.

## BTC attends Pelotshwaane P. School prizegiving

The BTC Foundation rewarded Pelotshwaane Primary school for excelling in the Primary school Leaving Examinations (PSLE) in Francistown.

Speaking at the event as Guest Speaker, BTC Store Manager for the North region, Ms. Mirriam Giddie, congratulated the school and learners on their hard work. BTC donated a 3-in-1 printer with toners to be used by the school to further enhance their performance and the overall learning experience. The school management commended BTC for always supporting the education sector whenever they are approached.

110 |

## Financials Review

Botswana Telecommunications Corporation

## 06

<!-- image -->

## OVERVIEW

This financial review and management discussion reviews the results of the operations, performance and financial position of the Company for the financial year ended March 2022. The commentary is intended to help the reader to understand the results of the operations and financial position of BTC and is provided as a supplement to be read in conjunction with the Company's audited annual financial statements for the year just ended compared with the year ended March 2021. The audited annual financial statements (AFS) and the accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and reported in Botswana Pula (BWP).

Throughout the commentary, references to 'We', 'Our', 'Company', 'BTCL' and 'BTC' all refer to Botswana  Telecommunications  Corporation  Limited.    BTCL  is  a  converged  telecommunications operator offering fixed, mobile and broadband (fixed data) services to individuals, enterprises and other licensed service providers. These segments are further broken down or analysed into distinct revenue  sources  notably  voice,  access  service,  data  usage  and  provision  of  customer  premises equipment.  The  analysis  is  designed  to  assist  management  and  other  readers  to  compare  and understand the operating results and financial performance in a meaningful way.

Of importance, the Company had a wholly owned entity, the BTC Foundation 'the Foundation', which was  established  in  2014  to  coordinate  and  deliver  the  Company's  corporate  social  investments initiatives. A decision was taken by the Board of Trustees of the Foundation on the 19th of April 2021 that the Foundation be dissolved and the deed of cancellation of the Trust was executed on the 21st of September 2021. As the assets assumed from the Foundation were not material and no activities had been undertaken by the Foundation during the year, the Company decided not to consolidate the results of the Foundation and accordingly there is no Group reporting for the current financial year, and by extension no comparatives have been provided as well.

## Basis of financial analysis and other measures

Unless expressly stated or indicated otherwise, figures in the review have been extracted from the AFS and are therefore IFRS compliant. One such departure is the 10-year trend which, for purposes of computing measures such as EBIDTA, has had the order of account lines re-aligned in relation to IFRS, some of the balances re-classified and lastly some of the numbers summarised. Reconciliations or explanations have been included in areas where there are departures or differences to the audited accounts.

It should also be noted that BTC also presents other financial performance and position measures including the various margins (Gross profit, EBIDTA, EBIT and Net profit) and various returns measures such as ROA, ROE, ROCE etc. These measures do not have a standardised meaning under IFRS and therefore may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other publicly traded companies, as other entities may define these terms in different ways.

The  Company  includes  the  following  measures  because  it  believes  certain  investors  use  these measures as a means of assessing the financial performance and position of the Company.

## OVERVIEW (CONTINUED)

- Gross profit is calculated as revenue from contracts with customers less costs of services and goods sold with the gross profit margin being the gross profit divided by revenue from contracts with customers.
- Earnings Before Interest, Taxation, Depreciation and Amortisation (EBITDA) is calculated as gross profit  plus  other  income  less  all  costs  but  excluding  depreciation,  amortisation,  interest  and taxation. The EBITDA margin is EBITDA divided by revenue from contracts with customers.
- Earnings  before  interest  and  taxes  (EBIT)  or  Operating  income,  is  calculated  as  net  earnings before finance costs (net of finance income) and income taxes. Operating margin is therefore EBIT divided by revenue from contracts with customers.
- Return  on  average  capital  employed  (ROCE)  is  computed  as  EBIT  over  the  average  (sum  of opening and closing balances divided by two) capital employed i.e. total assets minus current liabilities.
- Return  on  average shareholders'  equity  (ROE)  is  computed  as  profit  for  the  year  (PAT)  over average shareholders' equity.
- Return on average assets (ROA) is computed as profit for the year over average total assets.
- Solvency ratio is calculated as profit for the year plus depreciation and amortisation charge for the year over both long term and short-term liabilities.

## TEN YEAR REVIEW

The commentary starts with a 10-year reproduction of the Company's footprint which highlights the transformation journey that the Company has undergone which includes the following highlights:

- Although  falling  outside  the  10  year  review  period,  in  2012,  in  line  with  the  decision  of  the Government of Botswana to commercialise and privatise BTC, the Company was converted to a public company limited by shares, continuing with all the existing assets, liabilities, operations, licenses etc.
- The  new  legal  form  assumed  the  name  Botswana Telecommunications  Corporation  Limited (BTCL). On the same date, BTCL also changed from being tax-exempt to a tax paying entity, falling under the purview of the Income Tax Act regulations. With the change in tax status, the Company changed its dividend policy from the then prescribed 25% rate to a rate determined by the Board of Directors.
- Network separation in 2014 in line with a Government directive, where all fibre network assets, related capital grants and deferred revenue amounting to P284.2 million were transferred to the newly created Botswana Fibre Network (BoFinet). BTC also provided P121.2 million cash funding as initial set up costs to BoFinet. The separation exercise resulted in a P405.4 million reduction in shareholders equity.
- Following the separation above and the loss of cash-flows attributable to the transfer of the backbone plant and equipment to BoFinet, an impairment charge of P266.1 million was recognised.
- In the same year, an organisational restructuring exercise was undertaken resulting in separation costs of P31.2 million.
- Two years later,  the  impairment  figure  increased  by  P522.4  million  on  account  of  significant changes in the business environment attributable to regulatory changes resulting in increased network related costs, a reduction on revenue lines, increased competition and more importantly, substantial wholesale tariff reductions.
- In both instances (2014 and 2016), BTCL's value-in-use of its assets were below their respective carrying amounts, necessitating impairment adjustments for the respective years.
- In April 2016, BTCL was listed on the Botswana Stock Exchange following an Initial Public Offering (IPO) making it the first listed telecommunication entity in the exchange. The IPO included an issue of 250 million subscription shares, thereby increasing total number of outstanding ordinary shares to the current 1.05 billion.
- BTC  has  continued  to  be  self-financing  and  a  debt  free  enterprise  since  fully  paying  off  its Government loans and redeeming the bonds that were issued. This is on the face of a defined programme  over  the  period  of  continued  investments  in  infrastructure  through  number  of projects aimed at modernising the infrastructure and expanding network capacity where needed.

## TEN YEAR REVIEW (CONTINUED)

There has been steady migration to next generation service provider networks to support the converged service offerings and requirements of our customers.

- The cornerstone of this transition has, to a large extent, being propelled by our innate ability to  initiate  and  build  successful  partnerships  and  forging  highly  valued  relationships  with  a multitude of associates. The sustainability of these relationships has played a pivotal role in our quest to provide world class service.
- The 2021 financial year saw the ushering in of the new 3-year strategy focusing of strengthening of the core business, optimisation of efficiencies and return on assets in addition to pursuit of growth opportunities. This was a follow up to the 2018-20 strategy direction which was geared towards technological, commercial and cultural transformations.
- In the midst of all the global and regional matters affecting the Company including COVID -19 and the Russian- Ukraine war and its impact on the global commodity prices, the Company's performance in the current year has remained resilient and we are optimistic our strategy for 2023-25 will leverage on our upgraded technology platforms and continue to provide returns. We are confident in our workforce, network capability and product portfolio; and are proud of the brand equity we have built as a local home grown brand.

## TEN YEAR REVIEW (CONTINUED)

## TEN YEAR REVIEW (CONTINUED)

| Restated  Restated  Performance Statements  (P 000's)  2013  2014  2015  2016  2017  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  Revenue from contracts with customers  1,384,222  1,463,931  1,479,988  1,485,839  1,615,022  1,566,908  1,410,352  1,416,977  1,426,409  1,392,257  Cost of services and goods sold (excluding depreciation and amortisation)  (397,505)  (375,054)  (399,923)  (471,427)  (541,447)  (461,955)  (396,361)  (348,167)  (316,016)  (327,969)  Gross Profit  986,717  1,088,877  1,080,065  1,014,412  1,073,575  1,104,953  1,013,991  1,068,810  1,110,393  1,064,288  Other income  565  9,444  15,254  5,028  6,094  1,455  246  2,105  6,639  18,683  Selling and distribution costs  (23,649)  (29,810)  (38,168)  (42,188)  (48,728)  (41,096)  (37,332)  (25,385)  (20,016)  (18,242)  Administrative expenses (excluding depreciation)  (317,624)  (367,264)  (389,309)  (397,012)  (389,116)  (422,570)  (390,209)  (395,972)  (397,358)  (385,302)  Impairment losses and gains on financial assets and contract assets  -  -  -  -  -  -  10,683  (18,803)  (12,865)  3,191  Other expenses  (198,669)  (282,000)  (315,666)  (317,038)  (272,489)  (273,313)  (270,261)  (221,572)  (239,894)  (222,436)  Earnings before interest, depreciation, taxation and amortisation  (EBIDTA)  447,340  419,247  352,176  263,202  369,336  369,429  327 ,118  409,183  446,899  460,182  Depreciation and  amortisation (of intangibles, IRU and leased assets)  (220,353)  (217,782)  (202,070)  (259,593)  (147,321)  (156,098)  (201,130)  (274,359)  (288,436)  (295,053)  Amortisation of government grants  38,669  42,670  24,397  24,397  29,453  29,453  29,657  29,862  30,990  21,235  Impairment of property, plant and equipment  -  (266,051)  -  (522,404)  -  -  -  -  -  -  Earnings before interest and taxation (EBIT)  265,656  (21,916)  174,503  (494,398)  251,468  242,784  155,645  164,686  189,453  186,364  Interest income  18,451  25,144  26,066  26,451  23,075  21,131  17,606  7,303  6,360  18,796  Interest expense  (184)  (208)  -  -  -  -  (9,257)  (31,015)  (26,972)  (22,767)  Profit before taxation (PBT)  283,923  3,020  200,569  (467,947)  274,543  263,915  163,994  140,974  168,841  182,393  Income tax expense  (10,277)  (2,880)  (53,814)  97,127  (37,194)  (46,564)  (15,540)  (22,249)  (30,923)  (41,608)  Profit for the year (PAT)  273,646  140  146,755  (370,820)  237,349  217,351  148,454  118,725  137,918  140,785  Position Statements (P 000's)  Property, Plant, Equipment and Intangible assets  1,886,115  1,251,793  1,556,197  1,028,771  1,279,488  1,488,331  1,772,147  1,741,307  1,776,391  1,633,398  Right of use assets  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  144,629  129,325  115,337  IRU asset  -  -  -  -  -  -  534,932  496,723  458,514  420,305  Deferred taxation  -  89,751  26,611  123,738  87,947  51,634  38,854  27,451  -  -  Other current Assets  315,680  434,926  455,316  406,481  442,040  442,829  276,948  312,376  263,956  301,112  Cash and cash equivalents  405,548  353,462  365,977  390,029  516,549  450,074  305,456  118,089  363,273  520,442  Total Assets  2,607,343  2,129,932  2,404,101  1,949,019  2,326,024  2,432,868  2,928,337  2,840,575  2,991,459  2,990,594  Capital employed  1,993,628  1,588,319  1,922,930  1,552,110  1,949,159  2,062,663  2,094,872  2,084,594  2,241,254  2,281,695  Non-current liabilities  304,337  198,050  201,512  180,842  130,322  113,899  384,908  420,570  338,684  308,520  Current liabilities  309,378  343,563  279,659  216,067  246,543  256,306  448,557  335,411  411,521  400,379  Total Equity and Liabilities  2,607,343  2,129,932  2,404,101  1,949,019  2,326,024  2,432,868  2,928,337  2,840,575  2,991,459  2,990,594  Capital Expenditure  333,896  194,846  264,498  254,570  398,969  299,793  455,820  229,968  217,092  133,953  Ratios  Revenue growth  18%  6%  1%  0%  9%  -3%  (10%)  0%  1%  -2%  Earning per share (Thebe) (1, 050,000,000 shares)  26.06  0.01  13.98  35.32  22.60  20.70  14.14  11.31  13.14  13.41  EBIDTA margin  32%  29%  24%  18%  23%  24%  23%  29%  31%  33%  Current ratio  2.3  2.3  2.9  3.7  3.9  3.5  1.3  1.3  1.5  2.1  Capex to revenue ratio  24%  13%  18%  17%  25%  19%  32%  16%  15%  10%  Capex to depreciation charge  1.5  0.9  1.3  1.0  2.7  1.9  2.3  0.8  0.8  0.5  Turnover ratio (Turnover/ Closing assets)  53%  69%  62%  76%  69%  64%  48%  50%  48%  47%  Return on average equity  15%  0%  8%  -21%  14%  11%  7%  6%  6%  6%  Return on average capital employed  12%  0%  8%  -19%  12%  10%  6%  5%  5%  5%  Return on average operating assets  11%  0%  6%  -17%  11%  9%  6%  4%  5%  5%  Other Operational Data  Staff strength  962  932  934  944  919  920  914  914  886  864  Economic data  Inflation (consumer price inflation)  6.20  8.20  4.50  2.50  3.00  2.80  3.30  3.30  3.30  10.00  Value of Pula (1 Pula equals to US $)  0.15  0.11  0.10  0.09  0.09  0.10  0.09  0.08  0.09  0.08   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CURRENT YEAR PERFORMANCE REVIEW

## Review of the results based on the statement of profit or loss as published

| Restated  Restated  All figures in P'000  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  P'000  %  Revenue from contracts with customers  1,566,908  1,410,352  1,416,977  1,426,409  1,392,257  (34,152)  (2%)  Cost of services and goods sold  (600,895)  (578,117)  (609,764)  (592,515)  (604,751)  (12,236)  2%  Gross Profit  966,013  832,235  807,213  833,894  787,506  (46,388)  (6%)  Other income  30,908  29,903  31,967  37 ,629  39,918  2,289  6%  Selling and distribution costs  (41,096)  (37 ,332)  (25,385)  (20,016)  (18,242)  1,774  (9%)  Administrative expenses  (439,728)  (409,583)  (408,734)  (409,295)  (403,573)  5,722  (1%)  Impairment losses and gains on financial  assets and contract assets  -  10,683  (18,803)  (12,865)  3,191  16,056  (125%)  Other expenses  (273,313)  (270,261)  (221,572)  (239,894)  (222,436)  17 ,458  (7%)  Earnings before interest and taxation  (EBIT)  242,784  155,645  164,686  189,453  186,364  (3,089)  (2%)  Interest Income  21,131  17,606  7,303  6,360  18,796  12,436  196%  Interest expense  -  (9,257)  (31,015)  (26,972)  (22,767)  4,205  (16%)  Profit before taxation (PBT)  263,915  163,994  140,974  168,841  182,393  13,552  8%  Income tax expense  (46,564)  (15,540)  (22,249)  (30,923)  (41,608)  (10,685)  35%  Profit for the year (PAT)  217,351  148,454  118,725  137,918  140,785  2,867  2%  Earnings before interest, depreciation,  taxation and amortisation  (EBIDTA)  369,429  327,118  409,183  446,899  460,182  13,283  3%  Earning per share (Thebe) (1,050,000,000  shares)  20.70  14.14  11.31  13.14  13.41  0.27  2%  Profitability ratios (%)  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  Revenue growth  (3%)  (10%)  (4%)  1%  (2%)  (3%)  Gross profit margin  62%  59%  57%  58%  57%  (2%)  EBIDTA margin  21%  29%  33%  32%  33%  1.7%  Operating margin  15%  9%  11%  13.1%  13.4%  0.3%  Net Profit margin  14%  6%  8%  9%  10%  1%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CURRENT YEAR PERFORMANCE REVIEW (CONTINUED)

## Profitability ratios

<!-- image -->

There was a slight decline in the top line which saw the Company registering a 2% decline in the revenue from contracts with customer ending at P1.392 billion compared to P1.426 billion for the same period last year. Although the cost containment measures continued across the Company, there was also a 2% increase in the Cost of Services and Goods sold to P604.8 million from P592.5 million registered in 2021. This therefore led to a P46.4 million or 6% decline in the gross profit for the year, translating to a 2% decline in overall gross profit margin.

The above was largely reversed in the earnings before interest and taxation (EBIT) category where the Company's clawed back P43.3 million in savings in operating costs to finish the year at P186.4 million, a 1.6% decline  from the prior year's P189.5 million. On that note, the operating margin for the Company improved to 13.4% as compared to the previous year's 13.1%. Earnings before interest, depreciation,  taxation  and  amortisation  or  EBIDTA,  also  improved  by  P13.3  million,  with  margin expansion of 170 basis points when compared to the previous year.

The position above was further improved in the profit before taxation (PBT) section where the Company garnered an increase of P12.4 million in interest income and a further P4.2 million decrease in the interest expense hence an improvement of P13.6 million when compared to the same period in the prior year. This therefore translated to the closing PBT of P182.4 million, an 8% increase compared to the financial year ending 2021.  In spite of a higher taxation amount of P41.6 million, compared to P30.9 million last year, the Company ended the year with a profit after tax of P140.8 million, P2.9 million better than the 2021 financial year.

## Revenue Analysis By Business Streams

| Restated  Restated  Restated  Restated  All figures in  P'millions  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  CAGR  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  Current year amount  Revenue Contribution  Fixed Voice  524  481  471  408  405  (6.7%)  33%  34%  33%  29%  29%  Mobile  544  471  425  452  438  (5.6%)  35%  33%  30%  32%  31%  Fixed data  468  433  473  506.1  486.0  0.9%  30%  31%  33%  35%  35%  Other revenues  30  26  48  60  63  16.8%  2%  2%  3%  4%  5%  Total revenues  1,567  1,410  1,417  1,426  1,392  (3.0%)  100%  100%  100%  100%  100%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Change in revenue (in P millions)  Change in revenue (in percentage)  18/19  19/20  20/21  21/22  18/19  19/20  20/21  21/22  Fixed Voice  (43)  (10)  (64)  (3)  (8.2%)  (2.1%)  (13.5%)  (0.6%)  Mobile  (73)  (46)  28  (14)  (13.4%)  (9.9%)  6.5%  (3.2%)  Fixed data  (36)  41  33  (20)  (7.6%)  9%  7.0%  (4.0%)  Other revenues  (5)  22  12  3  (14.9%)  87%  25.2%  4.5%  Total revenue  (157)  7  9  (34)  (10.0%)  0.5%  0.7%  -2.4%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

CAGR = Compound Annual Growth from 2017 to 2021

The  Company's  revenue  from  contracts  with  customers  is  derived  from  three  major  business streams - fixed voice revenue, mobile revenues and fixed data (sometimes referred to as fixed broadband or just broadband) and other revenues namely directory services, property rentals, third party collection services, value added services and mobile money services (SMEGA).

As already mentioned in the above section, the Company's performance reduced marginally when compared to last year by P34 million, a 2% decline. In view of the continuing low macroeconomics performance including the lingering impact of the COVID -19, this is largely commendable reflecting the continued customer confidence on the Company's products and services.

In line with global expectations brought about by customer trends of switching to newer and cheaper alternative products with lower margins i.e.  the shift from voice to data centric services, the revenue proportions of the three main lines have started swaying towards fixed data and mobile with fixed voice now trailing the pack at 29% and broadband taking the lion's share at 35% of total revenues. This  trend  is  expected  to  continue  given  the  level  of  capital  expenditure  and  general  business direction over the past few years.

## Fixed Voice

| All figures in P'millions  2020  2021  2022  Voice  184  137  150  Access  142  125  116  Interconnect  23  15  14  Customer Premises Equipment (CPE)  121  130  125  Total Fixed revenues  471  408  405   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Ending the year at P405.0 million, the fixed voice stream continues to be a significant contributor to the overall revenues of BTC. This was a slight reduction when compared to the prior year where the segment's revenues were P407.6 million, hence a drop of P2.7 million year on year. However, due to the already mentioned point on shifting customer preferences, coupled with increasing competition and telecommunication industry regulation, the overall compound annual growth rate (CAGR) has declined by 6.7% between 2018 and 2022. On a positive note, as long as the bulk of the institutional and business communication remains largely fixed voice centric, this segment is still expected to remain a significant contributor to BTC despite the gradual decline.

Unlike in previous years where the major reason for the reduction was due to decline in voice calls services, this year saw the category improving by P13.0 million when compared to last year. The drop in the total revenues were largely on account of Access revenues followed by Customer premises equipment which fell by P9.5 million and P4.7 million respectively to finish the year at P115.6 million and P125.4 million a-piece.

## Mobile Revenue

| All figures in P'millions  2020  2021  2022  Voice  302  266  179  Interconnect  19  16  13  Data  70  126  191  Short Message Service and Value added services  30  27  33  Customer Premises Equipment (CPE)  4  17  22  Total Mobile revenues  425  452  438   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Mobile revenues declined by P14.4 million (3.2%) from P452.4 million in 2021 to P438 million in the current year. It continues to be the second largest contributor at 32%, a drop of 1% when compared to last year. Similar to the Fixed voice segment, the category also saw a decline in the CAGR of 5.6% since 2018.

As was the case in the prior year, the voice component of the mobile category continues to pull the whole segment down as it declined by P87.5 million when compared to the same period last year. This reduction was offset by the increases in the mobile data, SMS/value added services and Customer Premises Equipment (CPE) of P65.0 million, P6.1 million and P5.0 million respectively.

## Mobile Revenue (continued)

This trend is expected to continue in the future driven by the monetisation of significant investments in fixed and mobile broadband infrastructure in support of high-speed internet services at homes and offices across most parts of the country. Our investments included upgrading the mobile network to 4.5G (LTE-A) coverage across the country, rolling out the fibre connectivity upgrades and renewing the VSAT platform, leading to connectivity anywhere in Botswana (note that this point also applies to the fixed data revenue below).

## Fixed data revenue

| All figures in P'millions  2020  2021  2022  Usage  160  262  260  Access  293  221  212  Customer Premises Equipment (CPE)  20  24  15  Total Fixed Data revenues  473  506  486   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

This revenue stream registered the biggest decline compared with the other two streams amounting to P20.1 million (4.0%) to end the year at P486.0 million versus the P506.1 million achieved in the prior year. Nonetheless, the benefit of the extensive capital expenditure over the past few years following  successful  completion  and  commissioning  of  both  the  fixed  broadband  and  mobile broadband projects in the 2019 financial year, continues to pay off with the data category continuing to bring the lion's share to the BTC revenues with proportion remaining at 35%, a second year in succession.  At the same time, unlike the other two segments that registered a negative growth, the Fixed data achieved a 0.9% CAGR increase since 2018.

The decrease in this category came primarily from access and Customer Premises Equipment (CPE) revenues lines which went down by P8.9 million and P9.0 million respectively. Access data comprises retail and wholesale national and international leased lines, ADSL, frame relay and metro network services. Over the years, there is continuing migration of national leased lines to metro ethernet services, which offer customers better services and a lower price per megabyte. CPE transactions tend to be once off or ad-hoc as they are retained by customer over several years before upgrades or replacement.

This category is expected to continue anchoring revenue growth into the future.

## Other Revenue

Although very small  in  relation  to  the  main  revenue  lines  mentioned  above,  the  other  revenue continued  to  grow  year  on  year  contributing  P63.0  million  to  the  total  revenues,  P2.7  million improvement over prior year. The growth is mainly driven by mobile money services or SMEGA and value-added services which registered P5.6 million and P13.1 million respectively, a P3.4 million and P9.8 million increase when compared to the same period last year.

The category registered the highest CARG of 16.8%.

## Total operating costs

<!-- image -->

The overall reduction in the top line, the revenue from contracts with customers of P34.1m was countered by a compensating decrease of P31.1m in total operating costs as a result of amongst other things reduction in costs directly related to revenue or volume of traffic, such as call based costs (interconnect costs), dealer commissions, regulatory turnover fees and general cost containment of controllable costs.

To counter the declining revenue trend that the Company has experienced over the last few years, cost optimization has become a key strategic initiative resulting in the proportion of the costs to revenue remaining relatively level over the past 5 years. The 3-year strategy 2021-2023 launched in the past financial year has a primary focus of streamlining operations to gain cost efficiencies throughout the business.

## Cost of services and goods sold

<!-- image -->

## CURRENT YEAR PERFORMANCE REVIEW (CONTINUED)

## Cost of goods and services sold (Trend, proportion to revenue)

<!-- image -->

## Depreciation and Capital Expenditure

<!-- image -->

Cost of services and goods sold, which averaged about  42%  of  total  revenue  over  the  past  5 years, comprise primarily of payments for interconnection  to international carriers  and local  operators,  equipment  and  material  costs and depreciation and amortisation charges. Total costs  ended  the  year  at  P604.8  million,  P12.2

million  higher  than  the  corresponding  period last year.  The increase was primarily driven by increases in equipment and material costs which went  up  by  P34.4  million  followed  by  Cost  of phones which also increased from P27.2 million to P38.6 million.

## CURRENT YEAR PERFORMANCE REVIEW (CONTINUED)

## Cost of goods and services sold (Trend, proportion to revenue) (continued)

Although  contributing  46%  (47%  in  the  prior year), the depreciation and amortisation charges remained flat year on year finishing the year at P276.8  million.  This  is  contrary  to  the  previous 5 years when BTC was running a technological transformation program whose main target was transforming  and  modernising  its  network  by consistently  investing  in  the  latest  generation network  technology  hence  there  was  a  robust capital  expenditure  program  averaging  P330 million per annum up to 2020.

With history of the 2014 and 2016 impairments when the Company's assets value-in-use were below  the  carrying  value  of  the  net  assets triggering  impairments,  the  Company's  longterm aim is to ensure that further investments in

## Employee costs

<!-- image -->

Employee costs remained relatively unchanged with respect to the 2021 financial year at P378.8 million, a P4.5 million reduction compared to prior year.

Employee costs to revenue have averaged 27% for the past 5 years and 29% in relation to total costs for the same period.

networks are backed up by strong monetisation or commercialisation programmes.  The aim going forward, is therefore to continue growing the value of the Company on a stable net assets base to create sufficient impairment headroom.

With  the  reining  in  of  capital  expenditure  and some  of  the  assets  coming  to  end  of  useful lives, the depreciation charge is accordingly not on a step growth pattern and expectations are that  the  levels  will  remain  relatively  flat  going forward.

The remaining cost of sales cumulatively declined by P8.9 million (compared  to  the  previous financial year) in line with the cost containment measures in place.

## Selling and distribution costs

This is actively managed in line with growth (or lack thereof) of the revenues from contracts with customers overall hence the  category ended the year at P18.2 million, P1.8 million lower than prior year which is in line with the reduced revenues during the current year.

## Other operating and administrative costs

<!-- image -->

The main contributor towards the overall decline in the total costs came from the other operating and administrative costs category which reduced from P268.3 million to P225.7 million, hence a P42.6 million feat. This category primarily made up of dealer commissions (accounts for 18% of costs) and billing costs (25% of costs) which both declined by P17 million in relation to last year.  With the reduction in mobile voice revenues, there was a corresponding reduction on dealer commissions of P9.8 million. The reduction in the billing costs follows active management of supplier relationships including negotiating of pricing at contract renewal stage.

However,  the  major  reason  for  the  decline  in  this  category  is  attributable  to  the  efforts  put  in place on collection of debtors including introduction of a debtor's system. This has not only led to improvement in the cash position of the Company but has led to reduced Impairment losses and gains on financial assets and contract assets (or provision for bad debts expenses) charge of P16.1 million.

## Cash-flows, cash positions and liquidity ratios

| Summarised Statement of Cash flows (5 years)  Restated  All figures in P' millions  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  Profit before Tax  263.9  164.0  141.0  168.8  182.4  Net increase/ (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents  (66.5)  (144.6)  (187.3)  245.2  157 .2  Cash-flows from operating activities  213.3  264.5  153.1  529.2  365.5  Cash-flows utilised for investing activities  (278.1)  (409.9)  (216.9)  (193.0)  (114.8)  Cash-flows from / (used in) financing activities  -  2.9  (121.8)  (95.9)  (92.7)  Net foreign exchange on cash &amp; cash equivalents  (1.6)  (2.1)  (1.7)  5.0  (0.8)  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year  516.5  450.1  305.5  118.1  363.3  Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year  450.1  305.5  118.1  363.3  520.5  Analysis of closing bank balances  Cash and bank and on hand  25.6  36.2  33.7  139.8  121.6  Short term deposits  424.5  269.2  84.4  223.5  398.8  450.1  305.5  118.1  363.3  520.4  Interest Income received  21.1  17.6  7 .3  6.4  18.8  Banking Facilties  110  110  15  20  20  Liquidity ratios  Current ratio  3.5  1.3  1.3  1.5  2.1  Quick ratio  3.3  1.2  1.1  1.4  1.9  Solvency ratio  98.5%  36.5%  42.1%  56.8%  61.5%  Solvency ratio (excluding development grants)  139.7%  40.9%  45.6%  59.0%  62.3%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The attached tables summarises our cash-flow position for the past 5 years ending March 2022 as reported in our statement of cash-flow in the accompanying annual financial statements. The continued robust cost containment program on the back of the stagnant revenue growth saw an increase in profit before tax of P182m compared to P169m achieved in the previous year.

Cash-flows from operating activities ended the year at P365.5 million, a P163.6 million reduction as compared to prior year primarily on account of payment of two dividends in the current year amounting to P92.7 million whereas only one dividend amounting to P31.0 million was paid in the prior year.

Total  cash-flows  spent  on  investing  activities  declined  from  P193  million  to  P115  million  due  to reduced expenditure on property, plant and equipment of P69 million. As already mentioned on the Cost of Sales commentary section, the decline follows the Company's decision to rein down on capital expenditure.

## Cash-flows, cash positions and liquidity ratios (continued)

The  cash-flows  from  financing  activities  remained  relatively  flat  reducing  by  P3.2  million  when compared to last year. This was largely on account of receipt of grants from the Universal Access and Service Fund (USAF) for the provision of Broadband and voice networks to villages and Broadband internet connectivity to government schools in the North East district. The total grant received was P3.5 million.

## Liquidity ratios discussions

With the conscious decision to scale down on the level of capital expenditure, improvement in debt collections as already alluded to and lastly a 2 % in the profit after tax, there has been an improvement on all the liquidity ratios relative to prior year.

With cash balances amounting to P520.4 million, coupled with the unutilised borrowing capacity, management still consider the balances adequate to meet the Company's future capital expenditure requirements and other obligations into the foreseeable future.

BTC's financing strategy remains unchanged with no debt finance raised in the current year

## Capital structure and shareholders' return ratios

| Restated  Restated  All figures in P millions  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  Profit for the year  (available for distribution)  217.4  148.5  118.7  137.9  140.8  Ordinary dividends declared  (155.6)  (139.0)  (97.7)  (32.9)  (94.3)  Final (relating to previous year)  (116.4)  (101.9)  (60.2)  -  (55.8)  Interim (relating to current year)  (39.2)  (37.1)  (37.5)  (32.9)  (38.5)  Balance to Accumulated Profits  61.8  9.5  21.1  105.0  46.5  Shareholders equity at end of year  2,063  2,095  2,085  2,241  2,282  Opening balance  1,949  2,063  2,095  2,085  2,241  Impact of correction of prior period errors  -  28  (31)  -  -  Profit for the year (incl. restatement)  217  149  119  138  140.80  Ordinary dividends paid  (156)  (139)  (98)  (33)  (94)  Other comprehensive income / reserves  52  -  -  52  (6)  Impact of adopting new IFRS standards  -  (5)  -  -  -  Analysis of total equity and liabilities  2,433  2,928  2,841  2,992  2,991  Shareholders equity  2,063  2,095  2,085  2,241  2,282  Development grants  109  88  58  27  9  Other liabilities  261  745  698  723  699  Capital ratios (%)  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  Return on average capital employed (ROCE)  13.2%  11.4%  6.7%  6.6%  7.3%  Return on average shareholders equity (ROE)  12.4%  7.4%  5.7%  6.6%  6.4%  Return on average assets (ROA) - PBT approach  10.2%  6.2%  4.4%  4.8%  4.8%  Total assets turn-over  75.6%  65.9%  52.6%  49.1%  47.8%  Capex to revenue  19.1%  32.3%  16.2%  15.2%  9.6%  Weighted average cost of capital (WACC)  13.0%  13.0%  12.0%  13.6%  13.6%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Capital structure and shareholders' return ratios (continued)

Shareholders'  equity    increased  by  P40.4  million  from    P2.24  billion  achieved  in  the  prior  year following a profit after tax of P140.8 million (compared to P137.9 million in the prior year).The Board of Directors has declared a final dividend for the March 2022 financial year of 5.04 thebe. This is on the back of an interim dividend of 3.67 thebe was paid in February 2022 hence the aggregate dividends paid for the year under review amounted to 8.71 thebe, reflecting a dividend yield of 13% and equating to 65% dividend pay-out for the year.

The declaration and payment of dividends reflects BTC aim in achieving a comparable market-based return for its shareholders through a steady or increasing dividend.  This objective is always balanced with the need to always meet its commitments and other obligations so as to achieve desired growth in shareholder value (which requires proportion of profits to be retained and reinvested within the business).

From that perspective, all the shareholders ratios improved relative to those of the 2021 financial year.

1

130 |

## Annual Financial Statements

31 st  March 2022

Botswana Telecommunications Corporation

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| Board approval of the Annual Financial Statements  General Information  Directors' Report  Independent Auditor's Report  Audited Financial Statements   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## BOARD APPROVAL OF THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the year ended 31 March 2022

The  Members  of  the  Board  are  responsible  for  the  annual  financial  statements  of  Botswana Telecommunications  Corporation  Limited  ("BTC"  or  "Company"),  prepared  in  accordance  with International Financial Reporting Standards and the Botswana Companies Act (CAP 42:01).

The  Audit and Risk Committee, which consists of three non-executive members of the Board  and the Managing Director, meets at least four times a year with more meetings being held when necessary with senior management and internal auditors, to evaluate matters concerning accounting, internal controls,  auditing  and  financial  reporting.  The  external  auditors  attend  these  meetings  twice  a year and have unrestricted access to the Chairperson. The members of the Board, supported by the  Audit and Risk Committee, are satisfied that management introduced and maintained adequate internal controls to ensure that dependable records exist for the preparation of the annual financial statements, to verify and maintain accountability of assets of the Company to prevent and detect mismanagement and loss of the assets of the Company. All matters brought to the attention of the Board have been or are being adequately attended to.

The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, since the Members of the Board have every reason to believe that the Company has adequate resources in place to continue in operation for the foreseeable future.

Against this background, the Members of the Board accept responsibility for the annual financial statements and the information on pages 145 to 223 which were approved on  23 June 2022 and are signed on its behalf by:

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

.......................................................

...........................................

LORATO BOAKGOMO-NTAKHWANA CHAIRPERSON

ANTHONY MASUNGA MANAGING DIRECTOR

## ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## GENERAL INFORMATION

For the year ended 31 March 2022

DIRECTORS

Lorato Boakgomo-Ntakhwana

Chairperson

Anthony Masunga

Managing Director

Serty Leburu

(Retired October 2021)

Maclean Letshwiti

Andrew Johnson

Ranjith Priyalal De Silva

Thari Pheko

Bafana Molomo

Gaone Macholo

Thato Kewakae

(Appointed October 2021)

## INCORPORATION OF BOTSWANA TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION LIMITED

Botswana Telecommunications Corporation Limited  was registered as a company under the Companies Act in the Republic of Botswana on 1 November 2012.

COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION AND DOMICILE

Botswana

REGISTERED OFFICE

Megaleng, Khama Crescent

Plot 50350

P.O. Box 700

Gaborone, Botswana

COMPANY NUMBER

BW0000748937

NATURE OF BUSINESS AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITES

The Company is engaged in the provision of telecommunication services in Botswana. The Company's services and products include fixed and mobile voice telephony, data services and directory services.

BANKERS

Access Banking Botswana Limited

ABSA Bank Botswana Limited

First National Bank Botswana Limited

Stanbic Bank Botswana Limited

Standard Chartered Bank Botswana Limited

Bank Gaborone

AUDITOR

Deloitte &amp; Touche

P.O. Box 778

Gaborone, Botswana

FUNCTIONAL AND PRESENTATION CURRENCY

Botswana Pula

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## Our Business

Botswana  Telecommunications  Corporation  Limited  ('BTC')  is  a  converged  telecommunications operator  offering  fixed  (voice  and  data),  mobile  (voice  and  data)  and  broadband  services  to consumers, enterprises and other licensed service providers.

## Basis of Preparation and Accounting Policies

The annual financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except as modified by the revaluation of certain assets, and  on the going concern basis. The annual financial statements have been prepared in compliance with the International Financial Reporting Standards ('IFRS') issued  by  the  International  Accounting  Standards  Board  ('IASB'),  interpretations  issued  by  the International Financial Reporting Standard Interpretations Committee and in the manner required by the Companies Act (CAP 42:01).

## Going Concern

The Directors are satisfied that the Company has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future. Accordingly, the Company continues to adopt the going concern basis in preparing the annual financial statements.

## Change from Group to Company

On 27 th of August 2020, the Board of Directors of the company resolved that the BTC Foundation (the Foundation), a wholly owned entity, which was registered as a trust  be de-registered and dissolved. The Board of Trustees of the Foundation resolved on the 19th of April 2021 that the Foundation be dissolved and the Deed of cancellation of the Trust was executed on the 21st of September 2021.

At dissolution the Foundation had an unexpended cash balance of P475,040 and had undertaken  no  activities  during  the  year.  The  balances  were  assumed  into  the  Company.  The Company  has  decided  to  not  consolidate  the  results  of  Foundation  as  there  was  no  financial activity  in  the  year  and  the  unexpended  cash  balances  at  dissolution  were  not  material. The  bank  balances  in  the  prior  year  amounted  to  P533  850.  There  is  therefore  no  Group reporting  for  the  current  financial  year,  and  accordingly  no  comparatives  have  been  presented.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT (Continued) For the year ended 31 March 2022

## Restatement due to Prior Period Errors

As disclosed in Note 25, the Company has restated its annual financial statements to correct prior year errors.

## Financial Results

The annual financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 March 2022 were authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 23 June 2022.

The results for year are disclosed in the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income on page 145. The results are as follows:

- 2% decrease in Revenues (2022:P1,392 billion 2021:P1,426 billion)
- 8% increase in Profit Before Tax (2022:P183m, 2021: P169m)
- 2% increase in Profit After Tax (2022:P141m, 2021: P138m)

The Directors have made an assessment of the impact of  economic events such as the Covid-19 pandemic and developing Russia-Ukraine conflict  for the coming financial year on revenues and other aspects of the business and have considered the impact on impairments  resulting from the impacts of these events on the general economy.

## Stated Capital

Stated capital is as per note 18. There were no changes to the stated capital during the year under review.

## Directors

The details of the Company directors are outlined on the general information page. Ms Serty Leburu retired in October 2021 and Mr Thato Kewakae was appointed in October 2021.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT (Continued)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

Events after the reporting period

## Dividends Declaration

The directors have declared that a further dividend  of 5.04  thebe be paid for the financial year ended 31 March 2022. An interim dividend of 3.67  thebe per share was paid in February 2022 hence the total annual dividend declared in respect of the financial year shall be 8.71 thebe per share. The dividend shall be payable to all shareholders registered in the books of the company at close of business  on  12 August 2022. The ex-dividend date will be 10 August 2022. The dividends will be paid net of applicable withholding taxes under the Income Tax act on or before 24 August 2022.

## Corporate Restructuring

The Board of Directors on 25 April 2022 approved a plan for restructuring. The plan was annouced on 27 May 2022 and the exercise is expected to be completed within the same financial year. At this stage an estimate of the financial effect of the restructuring exercise cannot be made. The Company has determined that this event is a non-adjusting subsequent event. Accordingly, the financial position and results of operations for the year ended  31 March 2022 have not been adjusted to reflect the impact of the exercise.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

For the year ended 31 March 2022

To The Shareholders Of Botswana Telecommunications Corporation Limited Report On The Audit Of The Financial Statements

## Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Botswana Telecommunications Corporation Limited (the Company) set out on pages 145 to 223, which comprise the statements of financial position as at 31 March 2022, and the statement of comprehensive income, the statement of changes in equity and the statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of Botswana Telecommunications Corporation Limited as at 31 March 2022 and its financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards.

## Basis for Opinion

We  conducted  our  audit  in  accordance  with  International  Standards  on  Auditing  (ISAs).  Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants' International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) (IESBA Code), together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in  Botswana,  and  we  have  fulfilled  our  other  ethical  responsibilities  in  accordance  with  these requirements and the IESBA Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a opinion on these matters.

<!-- image -->

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT (Continued)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| Key Audit Matter  How the matter was addressed in the audit  Revenue recognition (Company)  The Company's revenue streams are characterised by small transactions and  high data volumes. The billing processes are automated, and dependent on  IT systems.  Due  to  the  complexity  involved  and  materiality  of  the  revenue  balance,  revenue recognition risk has been identified as a key audit matter which is  subject to significant audit effort.  Revenue recognition with respect to  fixed voice,  data  and  mobile  revenue  streams is complex because of the following:  ·  During the current year and prior years, management processed manual  revenue adjustments/reversals due to errors in billings previously made.  Due to fact that these revenue adjustments/reversals are material, this  poses a risk in relation to revenue recognition. Management assessed  that, because these billing errors will take time to clean up and close  process gaps, the Company developed an estimate of the future revenue  adjustments/reversals  to  be  processed  relating  to  revenues  already  billed  as  at  year  end  and  build  these  into  the  revenue  recognition  process. At year  end,  management exercises significant  judgement in  relation to the proportion of future reversals which relate to revenue  already billed in the current year and prior years.  ·  The  deferral  of  prepaid  revenue  which  is  dependent  on  various  automated systems and manual processes around unused airtime on  scratch cards sold to the dealers.  ·  The billing system does not have an end-to-end interface functionality  with  the  general  ledger  system  resulting  in  manual  journal  entries  processing.  ·  The potential impact of small errors is significant due to the possibility of  automated replication through the large volumes of transactions.  To address this risk, we performed various procedures, including  the following:  ·  Evaluated  the  design  and  implementation  and  operating  effectiveness  of  relevant  controls  around  revenue  recognition,  focusing  on  the  process  used  in  the  determination  of  deferred  revenue  for  unused  airtime,  determination  of  provision  for  revenue  adjustments  and  processing of manual revenue journals.  ·  Discussed with management and evaluated the reasons for  the revenue adjustments processed in the current year and  prior years.  ·  Discussed with the Revenue Assurance Team and obtained  an  understanding  of  the  controls  in  place  to  ensure  the  completeness,  accuracy,  and  occurrence  of  the  recorded  revenue.  ·  Involved IT and Data Analytic specialists to test controls in  the overall IT environment around the billing systems.  ·  Tested  the  design  and  implementation  of  certain  automated controls with respect to routing of billing data  and calculation of invoices.  In addition, we performed the following substantive procedures:  ·  Performed  detailed  testing  by  selecting  samples  of  the  revenue  adjustments  processed  in  the  current  year  and  tracing them to supporting documentation to analyse and  evaluate their validity, nature, cause and to assess historical  trends.  ·  Performed  tests  of  detail  on  the  revenue  adjustments  made after year end evaluated their impact on the current  financial  year  and  evaluated  whether  their  effect  on  the  current year was accurately adjusted for.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT (Continued)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| Key Audit Matter  How the matter was addressed in the audit  Revenue recognition (Company) ( Continued)  ·  Revenue is a significant balance on the financial statements  and is a key performance indicator.  ·  Significant audit effort was directed at addressing the risks  arising from these matters.  Related disclosures in the financial statements:  ·  Revenue  recognition  and  presentation  section  of  the  significant accounting judgements and estimates.  ·  Revenue Recognition accounting policy.  ·  Note 1 - Revenue from contracts with customers.  ·  Note 15 - Trade and other receivables - Provision for credit  notes/revenue reversals.  ·  Performed  analytical  procedures  and  independently  determined  the  estimate of the future revenue reversals affecting the current and prior  financial year using the historical information.  ·  Performed a retrospective review of the prior year revenue adjustments  provisions and evaluated their adequacy.  ·  Challenged management's assumptions made in the estimation of the  revenue adjustments provision.  ·  Performed test calls and compared these to the billing parameters to  verify accuracy.  ·  Tested  reconciliations  between  the  billing  system  reports  and  the  general ledger.  ·  Reviewed the revenue related journals processed and assess them for  validity and accuracy.  ·  Tested  the  reasonableness  of  assumptions  and  judgements  used  by  management in the determination of unused airtime on scratch cards.  ·  Tested  the  completeness  and  accuracy  of  the  data  used  in  the  determination of deferred revenue.  ·  Reviewed  and  considered  the  adequacy  of  the  disclosures  on  the  assumptions and judgements applied in relation to revenue recognition.  In conclusion, we considered the amount recorded as revenue and the related  financial statements disclosures to be appropriate.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT (Continued)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| Key Audit Matter  How the matter was addressed in the audit  Impairment of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets (Company)  Significant  judgements  are  involved  in  the  assessment  and  determination  of  impairment  of  the  non-financial  assets  of  the  Company.  The  Company's  shares  trade  at  a  discount  to  their  book  value.  The  market capitalisation was below the net asset value throughout the  financial year. This, together with a current depressed economy because  of the Covid-19 pandemic, are indicators of possible impairment of the  entity's non- financial assets.  IAS 36: Impairment of Assets (IAS 36) requires that an entity's assets  should not be carried at a value more than their recoverable amount  and  therefore  requires  an  assessment  at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period  if  there  are  any  indicators  that  non-financial  assets  may  be  impaired.  The  Directors  carried  out  an  impairment  assessment  and  used  the  Discounted  Cash  Flows  Model  (DCF)  to  determine  the  recoverable  amount of the assets. The value in use amount calculated using the DCF  is  particularly  sensitive  to  changes  in  future  cash  flow  assumptions,  future growth rates, terminal growth rates and the Weighted Average  Cost of Capital (WACC) discount rate.  Property plant and equipment and intangible assets consist mainly of  network equipment together with the related software infrastructure.  The network equipment within the Company does not generate cash  inflows that are independent of those from other assets. This resulted  in property plant and equipment and intangible assets being assessed  for  impairment  as  part  of  the  company  cash  generating  unit.  The  recoverability of property plant and equipment and intangible assets  is  largely dependent on macro-economic factors, which include cash  flows to be generated through the network assets, as well as internal  assumptions and estimates related to income generation and operating  costs. The impairment test included assessing the recoverable amount  of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, with reference  to  all  cash  flows  and  comparing  this  to  the  carrying  amount  of  the  property, plant and equipment and intangible assets.  In  evaluating  the  impairment  assessment  of  property,  plant  and  equipment and intangible assets, we reviewed the accuracy of the value  in use calculations and reasonableness of inputs used by management.  We performed various procedures, including the following:  ·  Discussed  with  management  and  obtained  their  understanding  and  justification  of  the  financial  and  non-financial  reasons  why  the Company's market value is significantly discounted compared  to the book value.  ·  Tested the design and implementation of management's controls  around the impairment assessment process.  In addition, we performed the following substantive procedures:  ·  We tested the mathematical accuracy of the value in use model  used by management.  ·  Through  involvement  of  our  internal  valuation  specialists,  assessed the appropriateness of the valuation model applied by  management, and assumptions adopted for reasonableness with  reference to market practice and the requirements of IAS 36.  ·  Obtained and reviewed for reasonableness, the quantitative and  qualitative  factors  included  in  the  reconciliation  of  the  market  value to the book value. We also assessed the impact on cash flow  forecasts.  ·  Performed recalculations and tested the underlying data used in  the assessment for accuracy and completeness.  ·  Reviewed  and  compared  the  projected  cash  flows  against  the  historical  performance  to  test  the  reasonableness  of  management's projections.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT (Continued)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| Key Audit Matter  How the matter was addressed in the audit  Impairment of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets (Company) (Continued)  Due  to  the  materiality  of  the  non-financial  assets'  account  balances,  the  complexity  of  the  cash  flow  forecasts,  significant  judgements  and  estimation  uncertainty  involved  in  the  determination of the value in use and impairment assessment,  this has been considered to be a key audit matter.  Related disclosures in the financial statements:  ·  Impairment of non-financial assets section of the significant  accounting judgements and estimates.  ·  Note 10 - Property, plant, and equipment.  ·  Note 11 - Intangible assets.  Note 12 - Asset impairment.  ·  We  independently  calculated  a  WACC  discount  rate  using  our  independently sourced data. This was compared to the discount rates  used by management. We found the discount rates used by management  to be within acceptable ranges of our independent calculations.  ·  Tested the reasonableness of the key inputs used in the computations  which included the future  growth rates, and Earnings Before Interest,  Tax, Depreciation and Amortisation (EBITDA) and took into consideration  the impact of Covid-19 on future projections.  ·  Compared  the  revenue  growth  rates  and  EBITDA  margins  used  to  calculate the cash flow forecasts to the latest board approved budgets,  both of which cover a period of five years. We further benchmarked the  revenue growth rate assumptions to industry data and historical trends  to assess comparability.  ·  Evaluated whether the assumptions used, such as working capital and  capital expenditure, had been determined and applied consistently. We  evaluated  the  appropriateness  of  capital  expenditure  by  comparing  to  the  approved  budget  and  historical  trends  of  maintenance  capital  expenditure.  ·  Compared the terminal growth rates to forecast industry trends and to  past growth rate trends.  ·  Reviewed and assessed the impact of contradictory evidence as well as  subsequent events which may have an impact on the recorded amounts.  ·  Performed  sensitivity  analysis  of  the  headroom  using  key  inputs  (discount rates, future growth rates and volatility in future cash flows).  ·  Evaluated the computations and disclosures in the financial statements  for compliance with IAS 36.  In  conclusion,  the  inputs  used  in  the  calculation  of  the  value  in  use  were  appropriate. We considered the valuation of property, plant and equipment  and intangible assets impairment disclosures to be appropriate.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT (Continued)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## Other Information

The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the Board Approval of the Financial Statements and the Directors' Report, which we obtained prior to the date of this report, and the Integrated Annual Report, which is expected to be made available to us after that date. The other information does not include the financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express an audit opinion or any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In  connection  with  our  audit  of  the  financial  statements,  our  responsibility  is  to  read  the  other information  and,  in  doing  so,  consider  whether  the  other  information  is  materially  inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed on the other information obtained prior to the date of this auditor's report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Statements

The directors are responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In  preparing  the  financial statements,  the  directors  are  responsible  for  assessing  the  Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors are responsible for overseeing the Company's financial reporting process.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT (Continued)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.

Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken based on these financial statements.

As  part  of  an  audit  in  accordance  with  ISAs,  we  exercise  professional  judgement  and  maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to  fraud  or  error,  design  and  perform audit  procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- Obtain  an  understanding  of  internal  control  relevant  to  the  audit  in  order  to  design  audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control.
- Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.
- Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT (Continued)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements (continued)

- Evaluate the overall presentation, structure, and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Company to express an opinion on the financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Company audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We  also  provide  the  directors  with  a  statement  that  we  have  complied  with  relevant  ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

| Deloitte &amp; Touche  Firm of Certified Auditors  Practicing Member: Cecilia Veeta Ramatlapeng (CAP 008 2022)  06 July 2022  Gaborone   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER  COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| Restated  March  March  Notes  2022  2021  P'000  P'000  Revenue from contracts with customers  1  1,392,257  1,426,409  Cost of services and goods sold  2  (604,751)  (592,515)  Gross profit  787 ,506  833,894  Interest income  3.1  18,796  6,360  Interest expense  3.2  (22,767)  (26,972)  Other income  4  39,918  37 ,629  Selling and distribution costs  5  (18,242)  (20,016)  Administrative expenses  6  (403,573)  (409,295)  Impairment losses and gains on financial assets  and contract assets  15  3,191  (12,865)  Other expenses  7  (222,436)  (239,894)  Profit before tax  182,393  168,841  Income tax expense  8  (41,608)  (30,923)  Profit for the year  140,785  137 ,918  Other comprehensive income not to be reclassified to profit /loss  in subsequent periods  Gains on property revaluation  -  63,874  Impairment on assets transferred to held for sale  (7 ,761)  -  Income tax effect  1,707  (12,267)  Other comprehensive income for the year  (6,054)  51,607  Total comprehensive income/ (loss) for the  year  134,731  189,525  Basic and diluted earnings per share (Thebe):  9  13.41  13.14   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details relating to the restatement of prior period errors have been disclosed in note 25 .

## STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

As at  31 March 2022

| Restated  Restated  March  March  March  2022  2021  2020  Notes  P'000  P'000  P'000  ASSETS  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  10  1,449,452  1,571,124  1,509,385  Intangible assets  11  183,946  205,267  231,922  Right of use assets  13.1  115,337  129,325  144,629  IRU asset  26.2  420,305  458,514  496,723  Deferred tax assets  23.2  -  -  27 ,451  2,169,040  2,364,230  2,410,110  Current assets  Inventories  14  53,419  45,222  49,256  Trade and other receivables  15  161,122  183,077  223,657  Contract assets  15  53,539  35,016  26,363  Income tax receivable  23.1  810  641  13,100  Cash and cash equivalents  16.1  520,442  363,273  118,089  789,332  627 ,229  430,465  Assets held for sale  17  32,222  -  -  Total assets  2,990,594  2,991,459  2,840,575  EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  Capital and reserves  Stated capital  18  478,892  478,892  478,892  Revaluation reserve  19  361,375  382,363  347 ,603  Accumulated profits  1,441,428  1,379,999  1,258,099  2,281,695  2,241,254  2,084,594  Non-current liabilities  Development grants  20  8,543  5,593  28,301  Lease liabilities  13.2  115,753  126,362  142,781  IRU liability  26.1  120,590  180,477  236,866  Deferred tax liability  23.2  55,640  15,739  -  Employee related provisions  22  7 ,994  10,513  12,622  308,520  338,684  420,570  Current liabilities  Trade and other payables  21  279,765  255,405  192,288  Contract liabilities  21  13,522  19,534  26,103  Lease liabilities  13.2  16,718  16,418  10,350  IRU liability  26.1  60,022  56,389  52,723  Current portion of development grants  20  860  21,580  29,862  Current portion of employee related provisions  22  29,492  42,195  24,085  400,379  411,521  335,411  Total equity and liabilities  2,990,594  2,991,459  2,840,575   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details relating to the restatement of prior period errors have been disclosed in note 25 .

## STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| Stated  Revaluation  Accumulated  Notes  Capital  Reserve  Profits  Total  P'000  P'000  P'000  P'000  Restated  Restated  Balance at 1 April 2020 as  previously stated  478,892  347 ,603  1,290,068  2,116,563  Impact of correction of prior period  errors  25  -  -  (31,969)  (31,969)  Restated balance at 1 April 2020  478,892  347,603  1,258,099  2,084,594  Profit for the year (restated)  -  -  137 ,918  137 ,918  Other comprehensive income  -  51,607  -  51,607  Total Comprehensive Income  (restated)  -  51,607  137 ,918  189,525  Ordinary dividend declared  18  -  -  (32,865)  (32,865)  Depreciation transfer for land and  buildings  19  -  (16,847)  16,847  -  Balance at 31 March 2021 (restated)  478,892  382,363  1,379,999  2,241,254  Profit for the year  -  -  140,785  140,785  Other comprehensive income  -  (6,054)  -  (6,054)  Total Comprehensive Income  -  (6,054)  140,785  134,731  Ordinary dividend declared  18  -  -  (94,290)  (94,290)  Depreciation transfer for land and  buildings  19  -  (14,934)  14,934  -  Balance at 31 March 2022  478,892  361,375  1,441,428  2,281,695   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details relating to the restatement of prior period errors have been disclosed in note 25 .

## STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| Restated  March  March  Notes  2022  2021  P'000  P'000  CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:  Operating cash flow before working capital changes (restated)  16.2  439,539  464,635  Working capital adjustments:  (Increase) / Decrease in inventories  (8,197)  4,034  Decrease in trade and other receivables, contract assets and prepayments  5,001  22,523  Increase in trade and other payables and contract liabilities  22,023  56,548  Cash generated from operations  458,366  547 ,740  Ordinary dividend paid to shareholders  (92,676)  (31,037)  Net tax (paid) / received  23.1  (169)  12,459  Net cash from operating activities  365,521  529,162  CASH FLOWS USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES:  Investment to expand operations:  Purchase of property, plant and equipment  10  (113,050)  (182,050)  Purchase of intangible assets  11  (20,903)  (18,125)  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment  387  771  Interest income received  3.1  18,796  6,360  Net cash used in investing activities  (114,770)  (193,044)  CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING  ACTIVITIES:  Grants received  20  3,465  -  Interest paid on lease liabilities and IRU liability  (23,130)  (28,858)  Principal payment of lease liabilities  (17 ,125)  (16,177)  Principal payment of IRU liability  (55,946)  (50,894)  Net cash from financing activities  (92,736)  (95,929)  Increase in cash and cash equivalents  158,015  240,189  Net foreign exchange difference on cash and cash equivalents  (846)  4,995  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year  363,273  118,089  Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year  16.1  520,442  363,273   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details relating to the restatement of prior period errors have been disclosed in note 25 .

## ACCOUNTING POLICIES For the year ended 31 March 2022

## PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The annual financial statements are  presented in Botswana  Pula which is the Company's functional currency. All financial  information and values are rounded to the nearest thousand (P'000) except where otherwise indicated. The financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 March 2022 were authorised for issue by the Members of the Board in accordance with a resolution on 23 June 2022.

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

Botswana Telecommunications Corporation Limited ('BTC' or 'the Company') is incorporated and domiciled in Botswana. The headquarters is situated at Megaleng, Khama Crescent, Gaborone, Botswana.  BTC  services  and  products  include fixed and mobile voice telephony, national and international  internet,  directory  services,  data services, virtual private networks and customer premises equipment.

## BASIS OF PREPARATION

The  financial  statements  have  been  prepared on a historical cost basis, except as modified by the  revaluation  of  certain  assets  as  indicated in  the  accounting  policies  below.    Historical cost is  generally based on the fair value of the consideration  given in exchange for  goods and services.

Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that  price  is  directly  observable  or  estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Company takes into account the characteristics of the asset or  liability  if  market  participants  would  take those characteristics into account when pricing the  asset  or  liability  at  the  measurement  date. Fair  value  for  measurement  and/or  disclosure purposes in these annual financial statements is determined on such a basis leasing transactions that are within the  scope of IFRS 16,  and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in IAS 2 or value in use in IAS 36.

The principal accounting policies adopted are set out below.

## GOING CONCERN

The Directors have, at the time of approving the financial  statements,  a  reasonable  expectation that  the  Company  have  adequate  resources to  continue  in  operational  existence  for  the foreseeable future. Thus, they continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the financial statements.

## STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE

The  financial  statements  have  been  prepared in compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), interpretations issued by the International Financial Reporting Standard Interpretations Committee.

## ACCOUNTING POLICIES For the year ended 31 March 2022

## ADOPTION OF NEW ACCOUNTING POLICIES

BTC has adopted the following new accounting pronouncements as  issued  by  the  IASB,  which were  effective  for  the  Company  from  01  April 2021.  The  Company  has  not  early  adopted  any other  standard,  interpretation  or  amendment that has been issued but is not yet effective.

## Interest Rate Benchmark Reform - Phase 2: Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16

In  the  prior  year,  the  Company  adopted  the  Phase  1 amendments Interest Rate Benchmark ReformAmendments to IFRS 9/IAS 39 and IFRS 7. These amendments modify specific hedge accounting requirements  to  allow  hedge  accounting  to continue for affected hedges during the period of uncertainty before the hedged  items  or hedging instruments are amended as a result of the interest rate benchmark reform.

In  the  current  year,  the  Company  adopted  the Phase 2 amendments Interest Rate Benchmark Reform-Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS  4  and  IFRS  16.  The  amendments  provide temporary  reliefs  which  address  the  financial reporting  effects  when  an  interbank  offered rate (IBOR) is replaced with an alternative nearly risk-free  interest  rate  (RFR).  The  amendments include the following practical expedients:

- A practical expedient to require contractual changes, or changes  to cash flows that are  directly  required  by  the  reform,  to  be treated as changes to a floating interest rate, equivalent to a movement in a market rate of interest.
- Permit  changes  required  by  IBOR  reform to  be  made  to  hedge  designations  and hedge documentation without the hedging relationship being discontinued.
- Provide  temporary  relief  to  entities  from having  to  meet  the  separately  identifiable requirement  when  an  RFR  instrument  is designated as a hedge of a risk component.

These  amendments  had  no  impact  on  the annual financial statements of the Company. The Company intends to use the practical expedients in future periods if they become applicable.

## Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021 Amendments to IFRS 16

On  28  May  2020,  the  IASB  issued  Covid-19Related Rent Concessions - amendment to IFRS 16  Leases  The  amendments  provide  relief  to lessees from applying IFRS 16 guidance on lease modification  accounting  for  rent  concessions arising as a direct consequence of the Covid-19 pandemic. As a practical expedient, a lessee may elect not to assess whether a Covid-19 related rent concession from a lessor is a lease modification. A  lessee  that  makes  this  election  accounts  for any change in lease payments resulting from the Covid-19 related rent concession the same way it would account for the change under IFRS 16, if the change were not a lease modification.

The  amendment  was  intended  to  apply  until 30 June 2021, but as the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic  is  continuing,  on  31  March  2021,  the IASB extended the period of application of the practical expedient to 30 June 2022.

## ACCOUNTING POLICIES For the year ended 31 March 2022

## ADOPTION OF NEW ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

The  amendment  applies  to  annual  reporting periods beginning  on  or  after 1 April 2021. However, the Company has not received Covid19-related  rent  concessions  but  plans  to  apply the practical expedient if it becomes applicable within the allowed period of application.

## STANDARDS ISSUED BUT NOT EFFECTIVE

The  new  and  revised  standards  and  interpretations that are issued, but not yet effective, up to the date  of  issuance  of  the  Company's  financial statements  are  disclosed  below.  The  Company intends  to  adopt  these  standards,  if  applicable, when they become effective.

## Amendments to IAS 1 - Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current

The amendments  to  IAS  1 affect only the presentation  of  liabilities  as  current  or  noncurrent  in  the  statement  of  financial  position and not the amount or timing of recognition of any  asset,  liability,  income  or  expenses,  or  the information disclosed about those items.

The  amendments  clarify  that  the  classification of  liabilities  as  current  or  non-current  is  based on rights that are in existence at the end of the reporting  period,  specify  that  classification  is unaffected  by  expectations  about  whether  an entity will exercise its right to defer settlement of a liability, explain that rights are in existence if covenants are complied with at the end of the reporting  period,  and  introduce  a  definition  of 'settlement' to make clear that settlement refers to the transfer to the counterparty of cash, equity instruments, other assets or services.

The amendments are applied retrospectively for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023, with early application permitted.

Management is  currently  assessing  the  impact the amendments will have on the Company.

## IFRS 17- Insurance contracts

In  May  2017,  the  IASB  issued  IFRS  17  Insurance Contracts (IFRS 17), a comprehensive new accounting  standard for insurance contracts covering recognition and measurement, presentation and disclosure. Once effective, IFRS  17  will  replace  IFRS  4  Insurance  Contracts (IFRS 4). IFRS 17 applies to all types of insurance contracts (i.e., life, non-life, direct insurance and re-insurance), regardless of the type of entities that issue them, as well as to certain guarantees and  financial  instruments  with  discretionary participation  features.  A  few  scope  exceptions will apply.

IFRS 17 is effective for reporting periods beginning on  or  after  1  January  2023,  with  comparative figures  required.  Early  application  is  permitted, provided the entity also applies IFRS 9 and IFRS 15 on or before the date it first applies IFRS 17.

The overall objective of IFRS 17 is to provide an accounting  model  for  insurance  contracts  that is  more  useful  and  consistent  for  insurers.  In contrast  to  the  requirements  in  IFRS  4,  which are  largely  based  on  grandfathering  previous local  accounting  policies,  IFRS  17  provides  a comprehensive  model  for  insurance  contracts, covering all relevant accounting aspects.

## ACCOUNTING POLICIES For the year ended 31 March 2022

## STANDARDS ISSUED BUT NOT EFFECTIVE (Continued)

The  core of IFRS 17 is the general model, supplemented by:

- A specific adaptation for contracts with direct participation features (the variable fee approach)
- A simplified approach (the premium allocation approach) mainly for shortduration contracts

This standard is not applicable to the Company as it does not issue insurance contracts.

## Amendments to IFRS 3 - Reference to the Conceptual Framework

In  May  2020,  the  IASB  issued  Amendments  to IFRS  3  Business  Combinations  -  Reference  to the  Conceptual  Framework.  The  amendments are  intended  to  replace  a  reference  to  the Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of  Financial  Statements,  issued  in  1989,  with a  reference  to  the  Conceptual  Framework  for Financial Reporting issued in March 2018 without significantly changing its requirements.

The  Board  also  added  an  exception  to  the recognition principle of IFRS 3 to avoid the issue of  potential  'day  2'  gains  or  losses  arising  for liabilities and contingent liabilities that would be within the scope of IAS 37 or IFRIC 21 Levies, if incurred separately. At the same time, the Board decided to clarify existing guidance in IFRS 3 for contingent assets that would not be affected by replacing  the  reference  to  the  Framework  for the  Preparation  and  Presentation  of  Financial Statements.

Finally,  the  amendments  add  an  explicit  statement that an acquirer does not recognise contingent assets acquired in a business combination.

The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022 and apply prospectively.   Management is currently assessing the impact the amendments will have on the Company.

## Amendments to IAS 16 - Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use

In May 2020, the IASB issued Property, Plant and Equipment  -  Proceeds  before  Intended  Use, which prohibits entities deducting from the cost of  an  item  of  property,  plant  and  equipment, any proceeds from selling items produced while bringing that asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner  intended  by  management.  Instead,  an entity recognises the proceeds from selling such items, and the costs of producing those items, in profit or loss.

The amendment is effective for annual reporting periods  beginning  on  or  after  1  January  2022 and must be applied retrospectively to items of property,  plant  and  equipment  made  available for use on or after the beginning of the earliest period  presented  when  the  entity  first  applies the amendment.

The  amendments  are  not  expected  to  have  a material impact on the Company.

## ACCOUNTING POLICIES For the year ended 31 March 2022

## STANDARDS ISSUED BUT NOT EFFECTIVE (Continued)

## Amendments to IAS 37 - Onerous Contracts Costs of fulfilling a contract

In  May  2020,  the  IASB  issued  amendments  to IAS 37 to specify which costs an entity needs to include  when  assessing  whether  a  contract  is onerous or loss-making. The amendments apply a 'directly related cost approach'. The costs that relate directly to a contract to provide goods or services include both incremental costs and an allocation  of  costs  directly  related  to  contract activities.  General  and  administrative  costs  do not relate directly to a contract and are excluded unless  they  are  explicitly  chargeable  to  the counterparty under the contract.

The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January  2022.  The  Company  will  apply  these amendments to contracts for which it has not yet  fulfilled  all  its  obligations  at  the  beginning of  the  annual  reporting  period  in  which  it  first applies the amendments.

## Amendments to IFRS 10 Consolidated

Financial Statements and IAS 28 Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures-Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture

The amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 deal with situations where there is a sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture.

Specifically,  the  amendments  state  that  gains or losses resulting from the loss of control of a subsidiary that does not contain a business in a transaction with an associate or a joint venture that  is  accounted  for  using  the  equity  method, are recognised in the parent's profit or loss only to the extent of the unrelated investors' interests in that associate or joint venture.

Similarly,  gains  and  losses  resulting  from  the remeasurement of investments retained in any former subsidiary (that has become an associate or  a  joint  venture  that  is  accounted  for  using the equity method) to fair value are recognised in the former parent's profit or loss only to the extent of the unrelated investors' interests in the new associate or joint venture.

The effective date of the amendments has yet to be set by the Board; however, earlier application of the amendments is permitted.

The  directors  of  the  Company  anticipate  that the application of these amendments may have an  impact  on  the  Company's  annual  financial statements in future periods should such transactions arise.

## Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018-2020

The Annual Improvements include amendments to the following Standards.

## ACCOUNTING POLICIES For the year ended 31 March 2022

## STANDARDS ISSUED BUT NOT EFFECTIVE (Continued)

## IFRS 1 First-time Adoption of International Financial Reporting Standards - Subsidiary as a first-time adopter

As part of its 2018-2020 annual improvements to  IFRS  standards  process,  the  IASB  issued  an amendment  to  IFRS  1  First-time  Adoption  of International Financial Reporting Standards. The amendment  permits a subsidiary that elects  to  apply  paragraph  D16(a)  of  IFRS  1  to measure cumulative translation differences using  the  amounts  reported  by  the  parent, based on the parent's date of transition to IFRS. This amendment is also applied to an associate or  joint  venture  that  elects  to  apply  paragraph D16(a) of IFRS 1.

The amendment is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022 with earlier adoption permitted.  The standard is not applicable to the Company as it is not part of a Group.

## IFRS 9 Financial Instruments - Fees in the '10 per cent' test for derecognition of financial liabilities

As part of its 2018-2020 annual improvements to IFRS standards process the IASB issued amendment to IFRS 9. The amendment clarifies the fees that an entity includes when assessing whether the terms of a new or modified financial liability are substantially different from the terms of the original financial liability.

These fees include only those paid or received between the borrower and the lender, including fees paid or received by either the borrower or lender  on  the  other's  behalf.  An  entity  applies the  amendment  to  financial  liabilities  that  are modified or exchanged on or after the beginning of  the  annual  reporting  period  in  which  the entity first applies the amendment.

The amendment is effective for annual reporting periods  beginning  on  or  after  1  January  2022 with earlier adoption permitted.  Management is currently assessing the impact the amendments will have on the Company.

## IAS 41 Agriculture - Taxation in fair value measurements

As part of its 2018-2020 annual improvements to IFRS standards process the IASB issued amendment to IAS 41 Agriculture. The amendment removes the requirement in paragraph 22 of IAS 41 that entities exclude cash flows for taxation when measuring the fair value of  assets  within  the  scope  of  IAS  41.  An  entity applies  the  amendment  prospectively  to  fair value measurements on or after the beginning of  the  first  annual  reporting  period  beginning on or after 1 January 2022 with earlier adoption permitted.

The  amendment  is  applied  prospectively,  i.e. for  fair  value  measurements  on  or  after  the date an entity initially applies the amendment. The amendment is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022, with early application permitted.

## ACCOUNTING POLICIES For the year ended 31 March 2022

## STANDARDS ISSUED BUT NOT EFFECTIVE (Continued)

The  Company  does  not  do  hedge  accounting hence no impact to the Company.

## Amendments to IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements and IFRS Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality JudgementsDisclosure of Accounting Policies

The  amendments  change  the  requirements  in IAS  1  with  regard  to  disclosure  of  accounting policies. The amendments replace all instances of the term 'significant accounting policies' with  'material  accounting  policy  information'. Accounting policy information is material if, when considered together with other information included in an entity's financial statements, it can reasonably  be  expected  to  influence  decisions that the primary users of general  purpose financial statements make on the basis of those financial statements.

The  supporting  paragraphs  in  IAS  1  are  also amended to clarify that accounting policy information that relates to immaterial transactions, other events or conditions is immaterial and need not be disclosed.  Accounting policy  information  may  be  material  because of  the  nature  of  the  related  transactions,  other events  or  conditions,  even  if  the  amounts  are immaterial.  However,  not  all  accounting  policy information  relating  to  material  transactions, other events or conditions is itself material.

The  Board  has  also  developed  guidance  and examples to explain and demonstrate the application of the 'four-step materiality process' described in IFRS Practice Statement 2.

The amendments to IAS 1 are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023, with earlier  application  permitted  and  are  applied prospectively. The amendments to IFRS Practice Statement 2 do not contain an effective date or transition requirements.

## Amendments to IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and ErrorsDefinition of Accounting Estimates.

The  amendments  replace  the  definition  of  a change in accounting estimates with a definition of accounting estimates. Under the new definition,  accounting  estimates  are  'monetary amounts in financial statements that are subject to measurement uncertainty'.

The definition of  a  change  in  accounting  estimates was  deleted.  However,  the  Board  retained  the concept  of  changes  in  accounting  estimates  in the Standard with the following clarifications:

- A change in accounting estimate that results from new information or new developments is not the correction of an error.
- The  effects  of  a  change  in  an  input  or  a measurement  technique  used  to  develop an accounting estimate are changes in accounting  estimates  if  they  do  not  result from the correction of prior period errors.

The Board added two examples (Examples 4-5) to the Guidance on implementing IAS 8, which accompanies the Standard. The Board has deleted  one  example  (Example  3)  as  it  could cause confusion in light of the amendments.

## ACCOUNTING POLICIES For the year ended 31 March 2022

## STANDARDS ISSUED BUT NOT EFFECTIVE (Continued)

The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023 to changes in accounting policies and changes in accounting estimates that  occur  on  or  after  the  beginning of that period, with earlier application permitted.

## Amendments to IAS 12 Income Taxes-Deferred Tax  related  to  Assets  and  Liabilities  arising from a Single Transaction

The amendments introduce a further exception from the initial recognition exemption. Under the amendments, an entity does not apply the initial recognition exemption for transactions that give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.

Depending  on  the  applicable  tax  law,  equal taxable  and  deductible  temporary  differences may arise on initial recognition of an asset and liability  in  a  transaction  that  is  not  a  business combination and affects neither accounting nor  taxable  profit.  For  example,  this  may  arise upon  recognition  of  a  lease  liability  and  the corresponding right-of-use asset applying  IFRS 16 at the commencement date of a lease.

Following the amendments to IAS 12, an entity is  required  to  recognise  the  related  deferred tax  asset  and  liability,  with  the  recognition  of any  deferred  tax  asset  being  subject  to  the recoverability criteria in IAS 12.

The Board also adds an illustrative example to IAS  12  that  explains  how  the  amendments  are applied.

The  amendments  apply  to  transactions  that occur  on  or  after  the  beginning  of  the  earliest comparative period presented. In addition, at the beginning of the earliest comparative period an entity recognises:

- A deferred tax asset (to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary difference  can  be  utilised)  and  a  deferred tax  liability  for  all  deductible  and  taxable temporary differences associated with:
- » Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities
- » Decommissioning, restoration and similar liabilities and the corresponding amounts recognised as part of the cost of the related asset.
- The  cumulative  effect  of  initially  applying the  amendments  as  an  adjustment  to  the opening  balance  of  retained  earnings  (or other  component of equity, as appropriate) at that date.

The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023, with earlier application permitted. Management is  currently  assessing  the  impact the amendments will have on the Company.

## SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES

## Estimates and Judgments

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards requires the use of certain critical  accounting  estimates  and  judgments concerning the future.

## ACCOUNTING POLICIES For the year ended 31 March 2022

## SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)

Estimates and judgments are continually evaluated  and  are  based  on  historical  factors coupled with expectations about future events that  are  considered  reasonable.  In  the  process of  applying  the  Company's  accounting  policies, management has made the following estimates and  judgments  that  have  a  significant  risk  of causing  material  adjustment  to  the  carrying amount of assets and liabilities as they involve assessments  or  decisions  that  are  particularly complex or subjective within the next year.

## Critical judgements in applying the Company's accounting policies.

The following are the critical judgements, apart from  those  involving  estimations  (which  are presented separately below), that the directors have  made  in  the  process  of  applying  the Company's  accounting  policies  and  that  have the  most  significant  effect  on  the  amounts recognised in financial statements.

## Revenue recognition and presentation

Revenue arrangements including more than one performance obligation:

This relates to fixed lines and mobile installations. In  revenue  arrangements  including  more  than one  performance  obligation,  the  performance obligations are assigned to one or more revenue lines and  the arrangement  consideration is allocated to each of the performance obligation based on the stand-alone selling price which is applied to multiple elements post-paid mobile arrangements. Determining the value allocated to  each  performance  obligation  can  require estimates due to the nature of the pricing model for  goods  and  services  provided.  Standalone selling  prices  (SSP)  for  each  item  has  been discussed under the IFRS 15 accounting policies.

Where  the  Company  doesn't  sell  equivalent goods  or  services  in  similar  circumstances  on a  standalone  basis  it  is  necessary  to  estimate the standalone price. When  estimating  the standalone  price,  the  Company  maximises  the use  of  external  inputs;  methods  for  estimating standalone prices include determining the standalone  price  of  similar  goods  and  services sold by the Company, observing the standalone prices for similar goods and services when sold by third parties or using a cost-plus reasonable margin approach (which is sometimes the case for handsets and other equipment).

Where  it  is  not  possible  to  reliably  estimate standalone  prices  due  to  lack  of  observable standalone sales or highly variable pricing, which is  sometimes the case for services, the standalone price of an obligation may be determined as the transaction  price  less  the  standalone  prices  of other obligations in the contract. The standalone price determined for obligations materially impacts the allocation of  revenue  between obligations  and  impacts  the  timing  of  revenue when obligations are provided to customers at different times - for example, the allocation of revenue  between  handsets,  which  are  usually delivered up-front, and services which are typically delivered over the contract period.

However, this is not considered to be a significant risk of material adjustment to the carrying value of  contract related assets or liabilities in the 12 months  after  the  balance  sheet  date  if  these estimates were revised.

## ACCOUNTING POLICIES For the year ended 31 March 2022

## SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)

The Company provides certain pieces of equipment as well as connection services as  part  of  their  package  of  fixed  line  services provided. This service  is  not  sold  separately  as the  equipment  cannot  be  used  independently from  the  service  being  provided  by  the  entity. Based on this assessment, the Company treats these contracts, which includes these pieces of equipment as well as the connection services as part of the single performance obligation relating to the underlying usage service.

## Presentation: Gross versus Net

Determining  whether  the  entity  is  acting  as a  principal  or  an  agent  requires  judgement and  consideration of all relevant facts  and circumstances. When deciding the most appropriate  basis  for  presenting  revenue  or related costs, both  the legal  form  and  the substance of the agreement between the entity and its independent service providers are reviewed  to  determine  each  party's  respective role  in  the  transaction.  Distribution  network for  prepaid  arrangements  and  sale  of  content are based on volume and value of transactions. Where  the  Company's  role  in  a  transaction  is that  of  principal,  revenue  is  recognised  on  a gross  basis.  This  requires  revenue  to  comprise the  gross value of the transaction billed to the customer, after trade discounts, with any related administrative fees charged as an operating cost.

The Company utilises a network of dealers to sell pre-paid services, more specifically airtime. BTC accounts for airtime sales through the dealers as a principal as it fully liable to the holders of the airtime. Dealers purchase the airtime at a price net of their commission.

In  terms  of  IFRS  15,  BTC  has  identified  the specified  goods  or  services  being  provided  to the  customer  -  the  airtime  in  this  instance.  A specified  good  or  service  is  a  distinct  good  or service (or a distinct bundle of goods or services) that  will  be  transferred  to  the  customer.  An entity is the principal in a transaction if it obtains control of the specified goods or services before they are transferred to the customer. An entity is  an  agent  if  it  does  not  control  the  specified goods or services before they are transferred to the customer.

BTC has assessed it is a principal for the airtime obligation using the relevant indicators.

## Related parties

Government,  parastatals  and  key  management personnel  are  considered  as  being  related  to the  Company. The  Government  of  Botswana  is still a related party as the shareholding is 54.16% as  at  31  March  2022.  Significant  management judgment  is  required  to  determine  as  to  who qualifies for being a related party, based on the type  of  the  relationship  especially  on  entities also controlled by the Government.

## Allowances for slow moving inventory

Based on prior management practice, inventory that  has  not  moved  for  a  12-month  period  is considered  to  be  impaired,  with  a  staggered provision  raised  to  ensure  full  provision  after a  36  month  period.  Obsolete  and  discontinued products are considered to have no normal sale value. The provision is raised based on the full cost or net realisable value of the product.

## ACCOUNTING POLICIES For the year ended 31 March 2022

## SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)

## Key sources of estimation uncertainty

The key assumptions concerning the future and other  key  sources  of  estimation  uncertainty  at the reporting date, that have a significant risk of causing  a  material  adjustment  to  the  carrying amounts  of  assets  and  liabilities  within  the next  financial  year,  are  described  below.  The Company based its assumptions and estimates on parameters available when the annual financial  statements  were  prepared.  Existing circumstances  and  assumptions  about  future developments,  however,  may  change  due  to market  changes  or  circumstances  arising  that are  beyond  the  control  of  the  Company.  Such changes are reflected in the assumptions when they occur.

## Revaluation of land and buildings

Land  and  buildings  are  carried  at  a  revalued amount, which is the fair value at the date of the revaluation  less  any  subsequent  accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses.   The properties are valued on the basis of open market value, forced sale value, insurance  replacement  cost  and  the  leasehold interest in the properties as at the valuation date. Fair  value  of  the  properties  was  determined using the comparable market valuation method. Management considers that valuations are performed frequently enough (after every three years) to ensure that the fair value of a revalued asset does not differ materially from its carrying amount. The independent valuer has made the following  assumptions  during  the  revaluation process and at arriving at the property values:

- That the properties are free from any structural  fault,  rot,  infestation  or  defects of any other nature, including inherent weaknesses due to the use in construction of deleterious materials.
- That the properties are not contaminated and that the sites have stable ground conditions.

The  comparable  market  valuation  method  is used to value land, land improvements, buildings and building improvements in urban areas and land in rural areas. Valuation is done on basis of open market value, forced sale value, insurance replacement cost and the leasehold interest in the  properties  as  at  the  valuation  date.  Rural land improvements were valued on the basis of the replacement cost of the land improvements.

The continuing Covid-19 was taken into consideration however indications are that it has not have an impact on the valuation.

The key assumptions used to determine the fair value of the properties are provided in Note 28.

## Development grants

Grants are recognised where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received, and all attached conditions will be complied with. Initial capitalisation of costs is based on management's judgement that the attached conditions will be complied with. Other income is recognised over the useful lives of the assets purchased using the grant. The current portion of development grant is estimated by amortising existing government grants received at reporting date and assuming that  there  will  be  no  grants  received  and  no additional  capital  expenditure  in  the  current financial year.

## ACCOUNTING POLICIES For the year ended 31 March 2022

## SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)

## Provision  for  expected  credit  losses  of  trade receivables and contract assets.

The Company uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs  for  trade  receivables  and  contract  assets. The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss patterns (i.e., by product type, customer type, and coverage by letters of credit and other forms of credit insurance).

The  provision  matrix  is  initially  based  on  the Company's historical observed default rates. At every  reporting  date,  the  historical  observed default rates are updated.

The  assessment  of  the  correlation  between historical  observed  default  rates  and  ECLs  is  a significant  estimate.  The  Company's  historical credit loss experience may also not be representative  of  customer's  actual  default  in the  future.  The  information  about  the  ECLs  on the  Company's  trade  receivables  and  contract assets is disclosed in Note 15.

## Impairment of non-financial assets

The  Company  assesses  whether  there  are  any indicators  of  impairment  for  all  non-financial assets  at  each  reporting  date.  Non-financial assets are tested for impairment when there are indicators that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Management expresses judgement and  estimates  on  the  impact  of  technological changes  and  expected  nature  of  use  of  the respective assets in the generation of revenue in the near future.

When value in use calculations are undertaken, management must estimate the expected future cash flows from the asset or cash-generating unit and chooses a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows.

Information about the estimates and assumptions  on  impairment  of  non-financial assets is disclosed in Note 12.

## REVENUE RECOGNITION

Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of the goods or services are  transferred  to  the  customer  at  an  amount that  reflects  the  consideration  to  which  the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.

The Company  principally generates  revenue from providing telecommunication services, such as network services (comprising voice, data and  SMS),  interconnect  and  roaming  services, as well as from the sale of mobile devices and Customer Premises Equipment (CPE) and other services (comprising of Directory Services, Value Added Services, property rentals, cost of works and third-party collection fees).

The Company provides voice and data communication  services  under  post-paid  and prepaid  payment  arrangements.  Products  and services  maybe  sold  separately  or  in  bundled packages.  Revenues  from  voice,  data  and  SMS include  charges  for  telecommunications  traffic originated  in  the  local  network  or  roaming network. The typical length of a customer contract  is  12,  24  or  36  months.  The  various revenue categories are explained below:

## ACCOUNTING POLICIES For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 1) FIXED VOICE

This is revenue generated from traffic for voice services carried over fixed line networks.

A) Voice Usage Revenue: Fixed line voice usage represents  the  only  performance  obligation  in this  separate  contract  with  the  customer  and therefore revenue is recognised based on usage in line with amounts invoiced for that particular month.

B) Prepaid Products: Usage of Telephone Instrument: Usage of a standard telephone instrument does not represent a separate performance obligation. As such, no revenue is separately recognised for the standard telephone instrument  as  it  remains  the  property  of  the Company.

Installation: The installation fee would be charged to provide the customer with access to the line, and therefore would relate to the access performance obligation. The upfront installation fee  is  deferred  when  received  and  released  to revenue as part of the access line performance obligation on  a straight-line basis over the customer life.

Fixed  Line  Access  Revenue: Access  relates  to the  customers'  ability  to  use  the  network  to make and receive calls. Access charges are billed as  fixed  monthly  charges.  Access  and  usage represent two separate performance obligations. The total transaction price related to the contract is  allocated  to  the  access  and  usage  based  on their relative standard selling prices. Any amount invoiced  for  installation  (once-off  upfront)  is allocated to the total transaction price under the contract.

## C) Post-paid Products:

Usage of Telephone Instrument: Usage of a standard telephone instrument does not represent a separate performance obligation. As such,  no  revenue will be separately recognised for the standard telephone instrument.

Installation  Revenue:  The  installation  fee  is  to provide the customer with access to the line and relates to the access performance obligation. The upfront installation fee is deferred as a contract liability when received and released to revenue as part of the access line performance obligation and on a straight-line basis over the customer's life.

Fixed Line Access Revenue: Access to fixed line services represents a separate performance obligation.  The  total  transaction  price  related to  the  contract  is  allocated  to  access  to  fixed line  voice  services  and  any  other  performance obligations  identified  in  the  contract  based  on their  relative  standalone  selling  prices  ('SSP'). As  the  installation  enables  the  customer  to access  to  the  line,  the  installation  fee  will  be allocated to the access performance obligation and recognised over the life of the customer.

## 2) MOBILE REVENUE

Revenue for access charges, airtime usage, and messaging by contract customers is recognised as services are performed.

## ACCOUNTING POLICIES For the year ended 31 March 2022

## REVENUE RECOGNITION

(Continued)

Unbilled revenue resulting from services already provided are accrued at the end of each period and  unearned  revenue  from  services  to  be provided in future periods are deferred. Revenue from the sale of prepaid credit is deferred until such time as the customer uses the airtime, or the credit expires.

All network services relating to mobile revenues (i.e.  Provision  of  mobile  post-paid  and  prepaid services, including voice minutes, SMS, and data services)  have  been  considered  as  a  separate performance obligation for each ongoing service provided to the customer and are satisfied over the period that the services are provided.

## A) Prepaid Products:

Upon purchase of an airtime scratch and dial card or  electronic  vouchers  the  customer  receives the right to make outgoing voice calls and data usage to the value of the airtime scratch and dial card. On initial recognition, the amount received is deferred as a contract liability and revenue is recognised as the customer utilises the airtime available. The revenue from the sale of prepaid products  is  recognised  in  the  profit  or  loss  as goods and services  are  provided  based  on  the actual airtime or data usage at the agreed tariff.

BTC accounts for expected unexercised network services as revenue, in proportion to the pattern of rights exercised by the customer upon identifying expected breakages. Dealers are paid commissions  which  are  expensed  as  part  of operating costs when incurred.

## B) Post-paid Products

Mobile  post-paid  services  are  voice  and  data communications solutions, whereby the customer  pays  for  the  services after  usage as  per  the  service  agreement  contract.  Voice services communications solutions include both domestic  and  international  telephone  services and  ISDN  services.  All  post-paid  products  are sold by BTC and there are no dealers or agents involved. Revenue for post-paid network services based on total transaction price allocated to the network services is recognised based on usage over the contractual period by the subscriber.

For  mobile  post-paid  bundled  arrangements, the network  services  and  handset  are  two separate performance obligations and the total transaction  price  is  allocated  to  the  network services and the handset device based on their relative  stand-alone  selling  price  ('SSP').  The total transaction price allocated to the handset is recognised upfront since control of the handset has passed to the subscriber.

Payments  on  handset  sales  deferred  over  a period  greater  than  12  months  which  has  a significant financing component, a portion of the transaction  price  is  allocated  to  the  financing and  recognised  as  'interest  income'  over  the contractual period.

In instances where handset vouchers are bundled with the network services, the handset voucher value  is  accounted  for  as  a  financial  receivable and the fair value of the receivable is calculated at  inception  of  the  contract.  Transaction  price allocated to the network services and any other performance  obligations  in  the  contract  is  the residual of the total consideration after deducting the fair value of the receivable.

## ACCOUNTING POLICIES For the year ended 31 March 2022

## REVENUE RECOGNITION (Continued)

The transaction price allocated to network services is recognised as revenue  over  the contractual period based on usage.

C)  Mobile  Handset  Revenue  (Mobile  CPE )-For  sales  of  mobile  handset  devices  bundled with  network  services,  the  network  services and  handset  are  two  separate  performance obligations.  The  total  transaction  price  needs to be allocated to the network services and the handset  device  based  on  their  relative  standalone selling price ('SSP'). The total transaction price  allocated  to  the  handset  is  recognised upfront since control of the handset has passed to the subscriber and the total transaction price allocated to the network services are recognised based  on  usage  over  the  contractual  period. For  mobile  devices  sold  separately,  revenue  is recognised when the handset is delivered to the customer at the point of sale.

## 3) DATA REVENUE

This  is  revenue  generated  from  traffic  for  data services carried over fixed line networks.

Data revenue includes services such as internet services, websites and domains, voice mail, caller identification, call forwarding and short message services. Access to an internet line and data usage represent two separate performance obligations as contained within a contract with a customer.

The total transaction price receivable under the contract  is  allocated  to  access  and  data  usage performance obligations based on their relative standard  selling prices. As the customer  is entitled to an unlimited amount of data, revenue is recognised when the internet access and data services are provided to the customer.

## 4) Interconnect Revenue (Fixed and Mobile)

Interconnection revenues are derived from calls  and  other  traffic  that  originate  in  other operators' networks. The Company  receives interconnection fees based on agreements entered  into  with  other  telecommunications or mobile operators both nationally and internationally.  These  revenues  are  recognised over-time as the services are performed and in the period in which the services were rendered. Interconnect charges include charges for collecting and delivering calls.

International roaming revenues are derived from calls and other traffic generated by foreign operators'  customers  in  BTC's  network.  The Company  receives  international  roaming  fees based  on  agreements  entered  into  with  other telecommunications operators. These revenues are recognised in the profit or loss in the period in which the services were rendered.

## 5) Customer Premises Equipment (CPE): Fixed and Data

BTC  typically  sells  Private  Automatic  Branch Exchange  or  PABX  (switchboard)  solutions  as a  bundled  service  offering  which  may  include usage  of  PABX  equipment,  network  services, installation  and  maintenance  services.    PABX connects customers telephone instruments separately  to  the  public  standard  telephone network (PSTN).

## ACCOUNTING POLICIES For the year ended 31 March 2022

## REVENUE RECOGNITION (Continued)

Customers  have  the  option  to  either  purchase the PABX solution on a once off basis (and pay for the  services  over  a  predetermined  contractual period)  or  pay  a  monthly  charge  for  the  PABX system as well as the service offering associated with it.

## a)  PABX  Equipment  and  Outright  Purchases

-  Revenue  for  the  sale  of  all  CPE  equipment purchased  outright  and  PABX  equipment  is recognised  as  control  is  passed  on  delivery. Accordingly, equipment supplied to the customer would be a separate performance obligation.

b) Not Outright Purchases (Rental) -  Revenue for  CPE  not  purchased  outright  represent  a separate  performance  obligation  contained  in a  contract  with  a  customer.  Network  services, installation and maintenance are recognised as separate  performance  obligations.  Because  the installation  services  relate  exclusively  to  the installation of equipment at customers premises, installation is accounted for as a separate performance obligation.

The Company recognises the costs that relate to satisfied  performance  obligations  as  expenses when incurred.

## 6) Other Services

## Rental Income

Primarily, equipment that is rented out is network towers  which  are  leased  to  other  operators. Revenue  is  recognised  on  a  straight-line  basis over  the  lease  term  on  ongoing  leases  and  is classified under other services.

## Directory Services:

Revenue is recognised when telephone directories  are  released  for  distribution,  when control is generally passed.

## Practical Expedients

BTC  has  elected  to  make  use  of  the  following practical expedients:

1. Company applies the practical expedient in paragraph 121 of IFRS 15 and does not disclose information  about  remaining  performance obligations that have original expected durations of one year or less. For contracts with a duration of more than one year, the information has been disclosed.

2.

- Contract costs incurred related to contracts with an amortisation period of less than one year have been expensed as incurred.
3. Application of the portfolio  approach  to contracts with similar characteristics.

## Capitalisation of Customer Acquisition Costs

The Company pays subscriber acquisition costs comprising union commissions, SIM activation fees, dealer commissions. These direct incremental  costs  of  acquiring  a  contract  are recognised as a contract acquisition cost asset.

Costs are amortised in line with the recognition of the related revenue that is expected to be earned by the Company which is normally the contract period  given  the  fact  that  new  commissions become payable upon contract renewal.

## ACCOUNTING POLICIES For the year ended 31 March 2022

## REVENUE RECOGNITION (Continued)

## COST OF SALES

Cost  of  sales  are  recognised  as  an  expense when incurred. This includes payments to other operators for network services and interconnection, depreciation of networks assets and  related  land  and  buildings,  amortisation of  Intangible  assets,  support  and  maintenance contract costs for network systems, installations, and network repairs.

## INTEREST INCOME AND EXPENSE

Interest income  -  is recognised on  a time proportion basis with reference to the principal amount receivable and the effective interest rate applicable. Revenue is recognised as the interest accrues, using the effective interest rate (EIR).

Interest income is disclosed as investing activities in the statements of cash flows.

Interest expense - In calculating the present value of  liabilities,  the  Company  uses  its  incremental borrowing  rate  at  the  liability  commencement date  because  the  interest  rate  implicit  is  not readily determinable. After the commencement date, the amounts of liabilities are increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the payments made.

Interest  expenses  are  disclosed  as  financing activities in the statements of cash flows.

## EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

## Post-employment benefits

The  Company  operates  a  defined  contribution pension fund for its  eligible  citizen  employees. The  fund  is  registered  under  the  Retirement Funds  Act,  2014.    The  Corporation  contributes to the fund 16% of the pensionable earnings of the  members.  Pension  contributions  on  behalf of employees are charged to profit or loss in the year to which they relate to and as the related service is provided.

## Short-term employment benefits

The  cost  of  short-term  employee  benefits  are recognised  when  the  employee  has  rendered service  to  the  Company  during  the  annual reporting year. The short -term employee benefits of the Company include the following: salaries,  paid  annual  leave  and  paid  sick  leave, bonuses and non-monetary benefits (car, housing, medical aid and subsidised goods and services).

## Termination benefits

The cost of termination benefits are recognised at the earlier of: (a) when the Company can no longer  withdraw  the  offer  of  those  benefits; and  (b)  when  the  Company  recognises  costs for  a  restructuring  that  is  within  the  scope  of IAS 37 and involves the payment of termination benefits.

## ACCOUNTING POLICIES For the year ended 31 March 2022

## EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (Continued)

In  terms  of  their  conditions  of  employment, expatriate and contract employees receive gratuities at the end of their contract.

The  cost  of  employee  benefits  is  recognised during the period the employee renders services, unless the entity uses the services of employee in the construction of an asset and the benefits received meet the recognition criteria of an asset, at which stage it is included as part of the related item  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  item. Other than the regular contributions made, the Company does not have any further liability in respect of its employees' pension arrangements.

## INVENTORIES

This comprise items of customer premises equipment used in the construction or maintenance of plant (including work-inprogress),  and  consumable  stores  and  other inventories. Inventories are stated at the lower of  cost,  determined  on  the  weighted  average basis,  and  estimated  net  realisable  value  after due consideration for slow moving and obsolete items.

Work-in-progress includes contracts carried out for customers and is stated at the lower of cost and estimated net realisable value after due consideration for provisions for any foreseeable losses.  Advance  payments  in  respect  of  such work-in-progress are included under trade and other payables.

## DEFERRED TAX

Deferred income  tax is provided using the liability method on temporary differences at the reporting date between the tax bases of assets and  liabilities  and  their  carrying  amounts  for financial reporting purposes.

Deferred  tax  liabilities  are  recognised  for  all taxable temporary differences except  when the  deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination, at the time of transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss.

Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, carry-forward of  unused tax assets and unused tax losses, to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will  be  available  against  which  the  deductible temporary differences, carry-forward of unused tax assets and unused tax losses can be utilised. Such assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of other assets and liabilities which affect  neither  the  tax  profit  nor  the  accounting profit at the time of the transaction.

The  carrying  amount  of  deferred  tax  assets  is reviewed  at  each  reporting  date  and  reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are re-assessed at each reporting date and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that future profits  will  allow  the  deferred  tax  asset  to  be recovered.

## ACCOUNTING POLICIES For the year ended 31 March 2022

## DEFERRED TAX (Continued)

Deferred  tax  assets  and  deferred  tax  liabilities are offset if a legally enforceable right exists to set off current tax assets against current income tax  liabilities  and  the  deferred  taxes  relate  to the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority.

## CURRENT INCOME TAX

Taxation is provided in the financial statements using  the  gross  method  of  taxation.    Current taxation  is  charged  on  the  net  income  for  the year after taking into  account  income  and expenditure,  which  is  not  subject  to  taxation, and capital allowances on fixed assets. Current income  tax  assets  and  liabilities  are  measured at  the  amount  expected  to  be  recovered  from or paid to the taxation authorities. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted or substantially enacted at  the  reporting  date  in  the  countries  where the  Company  operates  and  generates  taxable income.

## PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Property,  plant  and  equipment,  excluding  land and  buildings  are  stated  at  historical  cost  less accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment loss, where applicable. Property, plant and equipment includes all direct expenditure  and  costs  incurred  subsequently, to  add  to,  replace  part  of,  or  major  inspection thereof if the recognition criteria are met.

Subsequent  costs  are  included  in  the  asset's carrying amount or recognised as a component, as  appropriate,  only  when  it  is  probable  that future  economic  benefits  associated  with  the item will flow to the Company and the cost of the item can be measured reliably.

All other repairs and maintenance expenditures are charged to profit or loss during the financial period in which they are incurred.

An  item  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on derecognition of the asset (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset) is included in profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised.

Land  and  buildings  are  measured  at  fair  value less accumulated depreciation on buildings and  impairment  losses  recognised  at  the  date of  revaluation.  Valuations  are  performed  with sufficient frequency to ensure that the carrying amount  of  a  revalued  asset  does  not  differ materially from its fair value.

Land and buildings are revalued independently by  professional valuers  using  the  open  market value method, forced sale value, insurance replacement cost and the leasehold interest in the  properties.    Revaluations  are  conducted  at intervals of three years. Any revaluation increase arising  on  the  revaluation  of  such  land  and buildings is credited to the revaluation reserve, except to the extent that it reverses a revaluation decrease for the same asset previously recognised  as  an  expense,  in  which  case  the increase  is  credited  to  the  profit  or  loss  to  the extent of the decrease previously charged.

A decrease in the carrying amount arising on the revaluation of such land and buildings is charged as an expense to the extent that it exceeds the balance,  if  any,  held  in  the  revaluation  reserve relating to a previous revaluation of the asset.

## ACCOUNTING POLICIES For the year ended 31 March 2022

## PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

(Continued)

The revaluation reserve is amortised over the expected useful lives of land and buildings and an amount equal to the depreciation charge attributable to the revaluation portion of such land and buildings, is transferred from the revaluation reserve to accumulated profits. On subsequent sale or retirement of a revalued property, the attributable revaluation surplus remaining in the properties' revaluation reserve is transferred to accumulated profits.

Improvements to assets held under operating leases are capitalised and depreciated over the useful life of the asset. In the event that the respective lease terminates before the useful lives of the assets, the assets are either disposed or relocated.

Capital  work-in-progress  (plant  and  equipment  in  the  course  of  construction)  comprises  costs incurred  in  constructing  property,  plant  and  equipment  that  are  directly  attributable  to  the construction of the asset. Assets remain in capital work in progress until they have been put into use or are commissioned, whichever is the earlier date. At that time, they are transferred to the appropriate class of property, plant and equipment. Further details are given in Note 10. An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the asset is included in profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised.

## Depreciation

For depreciation purposes, each component with different useful lives are depreciated separately. Depreciation is not provided on freehold land as it is deemed to have an indefinite life and on plant and equipment in the course of construction as they are not yet available for use.

Depreciation is provided on other property, plant and equipment on a straight-line basis. This is from the time they are available for use, so as to write off their cost over the estimated useful lives taking into account any residual values. The residual value of an asset may be equal to or greater than the asset's carrying amount. If it is the case, the asset's depreciation charge is zero until its residual value subsequently decreases to an amount below the asset's carrying amount.

The estimated useful lives assigned to the Company's property, plant and equipment are:

Buildings Leasehold land and buildings Network assets Other plant and equipment

40 years unexpired portion of lease or 50 years, whichever is shorter 5 to 20 years 3 to 10 years

## ACCOUNTING POLICIES For the year ended 31 March 2022

## PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

Where  the  expected  useful  lives  or  residual values  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  have changed due to technological change or market conditions,  the  rate  of  depreciation  is  adjusted so  as  to  write  off  their  cost  or  valuation  over the  remaining  estimated  useful  lives  to  the estimated residual values of such property, plant and equipment.

The useful lives, residual values and depreciation methods of property, plant and equipment are reviewed at each financial year end and adjusted in the current period if expectations differ from the previous estimates. Depreciation of an asset  ceases  at  the  earlier  of  the  date  that  the asset is classified as held for sale or asset held for  distribution;  or  is  included  in  a  disposal Company  that  is  classified  as  held  for  sale  or held  for  distribution  the  date  that  the  asset  is derecognised.

## IMPAIRMENT OF NON-CURRENT ASSETS

At  each  reporting  date,  the  Company  reviews the carrying amounts of its assets to determine whether  there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such  indications  exist,  the  recoverable  amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any. Where it  is  not  possible  to  estimate  the  recoverable amount  of  an  individual  asset,  the  Company estimates the recoverable amount of the cashgenerating  unit  to  which  it  belongs.  An  asset's recoverable  amount  is  the  higher  of  an  asset's or cash generating unit's fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use and is determined for  an  individual  asset,  unless  the  asset  does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or the Company's assets.

In  assessing value  in  use,  the  estimated  future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset.

Management's estimates of future cash flows are subject to risk and uncertainties. It is therefore reasonably  possible  that  changes  could  occur which may  affect the recoverability of the Company's assets.  If the recoverable amount of an asset (or cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset  (cash-  generating  unit)  is reduced to its recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognised as an expense immediately, unless  the  relevant  asset  is  land  or  buildings, in  which  case  the  impairment  loss  is  treated as a decrease in the revaluation reserve to the extent of the value of this reserve relating to this particular asset.

An assessment is made at each reporting date as to whether there is any indication that previously recognised  impairment  losses  may  no  longer exist or have decreased. Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (cash-generating unit) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed  the  carrying  amount  that  would  have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (cash-generating unit) in prior years.

## ACCOUNTING POLICIES For the year ended 31 March 2022

## IMPAIRMENT OF NON-CURRENT ASSETS (Continued)

A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised as income immediately, unless the relevant asset is carried at a revalued amount, in which case the reversal of the impairment loss is treated as an increase  in  other  comprehensive  income  (OCI) after reversing the portion previously recognised in profit or loss.

## INTANGIBLE ASSETS

Intangible assets acquired are measured on initial recognition at cost. Following initial recognition, intangible  assets  are  carried  at  cost  less  any accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses.

Internally generated intangibles are not capitalised, and the related expenditure is reflected in profit or loss in the period in which the expenditure is incurred.

The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed as either finite or indefinite.

Amortisation of intangible assets with finite lives is  over  the  useful  economic  life  and  assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible  asset  may  be  impaired. Amortisation  period  and  amortisation  method are reviewed at least at the end of each reporting period for all intangible assets with a finite useful life.  The  amortisation  expense  on  intangible asset  with  finite  lives  is  recognised  in  profit  or loss  in  the  expense  category  that  is  consistent with the function of the intangible assets.

## Computer  and  billing  software  and  network systems

The Company made upfront payments to purchase software and network systems (which includes software licenses) for Information technology and Network purposes. The software licences for the use of intellectual property are granted for periods ranging between 5 and 20 years depending on the specific licences and are amortised accordingly.

## Derecognition of intangible asset

Gains or losses arising from de-recognition of an intangible asset are measured as the difference between  the  net  disposal  proceeds  and  the carrying amount of the asset and are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.

## Distinguishing assets that comprise both a tangible and intangible component

In instances where  items are delivered by suppliers which comprise both tangible and intangible components, the different components are priced separately and accounted for  separately  as  either  tangible  assets  (as  per IAS 16) or intangible assets (as per IAS 38).

## NON-CURRENT ASSETS HELD FOR SALE

Non-current assets (and disposal groups) classified  as  held  for  sale  are  measured  at  the lower  of  carrying  amount  and  fair  value  less costs to sell.

Non-current  assets  and  disposal  groups  are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount will  be  recovered  through  a  sale  transaction rather than through continuing use.

## ACCOUNTING POLICIES For the year ended 31 March 2022

## NON-CURRENT ASSETS HELD FOR SALE (Continued)

This  condition  is  regarded  as  met  only  when the  sale  is  highly  probable  and  the  asset  (or disposal  group)  is  available  for  immediate sale in  its  present  condition.  Management  must  be committed to the sale which should be expected to  qualify  for  recognition  as  a  completed  sale within one year from the date of classification.

## FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION

Transactions in currencies other than Botswana Pula are initially recorded at the rates of exchange prevailing  on  the  dates  of  the  transactions. Monetary  assets  and  liabilities  denominated in  such  currencies  are  translated  at  the  rates of  exchange  approximating  those  ruling  at  the reporting  date.  Non-monetary  items  that  are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using  the  exchange rates as at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary  items  measured  at  fair  value in  a  foreign  currency  are  translated  using  the exchange rates at the date when the fair value is determined.

Profit  or  loss  arising  on  translation  of  foreign currencies attributable to the Company are dealt with in profit or loss in the year in which they arise.

The  International  Telecommunications  Union uses SDR as the currency to settle international operator debts. The value of the SDR is determined by summing the values in US Dollars based on the market exchanged rates of basket of major currencies (the US Dollars, EUR, Japanese yen, sterling pound).

## INDEFEASIBLE RIGHT OF USE (IRU)

The Company entered into a 10-year transmission capacity  IRU  agreement  with  Botswana  Fibre Network  (BoFiNet)  to  2024.  The  transmission IRU is defined as network capacity in all national and  local  transmission  networks  belonging  to BoFiNet  in  respect  of  which  BTC  is  granted  an indefeasible and irrevocable right of use.

A  second  15-year  agreement  from  2019  was entered  into  with  BoFiNet  to  2034.  A  financial liability equivalent to the fair value of the discounted future payments  to  end  of  the agreement was recognised and will be written over the agreement with payments made as per agreed payment plan. Interest expense is to be recognised in the profit and loss over period.

An asset was recognised comprising the fair value of  the  liability  recognised  and  the  remaining un-amortised  cost  emanating  from  the  first agreement  since  the  second  agreement  was negotiated  over  the  first  agreement  therefore inextricably  interwoven.  The  asset  recognised is  amortised  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the period during which the agreement is effective.

## DEVELOPMENT GRANTS

Grants are recognised where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received, and all attached conditions will be complied with. Grants received by the Company to specifically fund the acquisition or construction of property, plant and equipment are reflected as development grants and classified as non-current liabilities.

## ACCOUNTING POLICIES For the year ended 31 March 2022

## DEVELOPMENT GRANTS (Continued)

Grants  that  are  going  to  be  used  in  the  next financial year are classified as current liabilities. Where  the  grant  relates  to  an  asset,  the  fair value  of  the  grant  is  credited  to  a  deferred income account called development grants and is released to profit or loss on a systematic basis over the expected useful lives of such property, plant and equipment.

## DEFERRED REVENUE

Deferred  revenue  is  recognised  on  any  unutilised portion of airtime that has been sold as a contract liability.

## STATED CAPITAL

Botswana Telecommunications Corporation Limited,  a  statutory  body,  was  converted  to  a public Company limited by shares issued on the 1 November 2012. On 8 April 2016 the Company was  listed  on  the  Botswana  Stock  Exchange with  1,050,000,000  authorised  shares.  Out  of the  total  number  of  shares  listed,  250,000,000 shares  were  issued  on  the  day  of  listing. As  at 31 March 2022 the Company had 1,050,000,000 issued shares (2021: 1,050,000,000 shares). The Government of Botswana remains the majority shareholder with a 54.16% shareholding.

## RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

The  Government  of  the  Republic  of  Botswana and its various local authorities and Parastatals constitute a significant portion of the Company's revenues. Other related parties are the members of key management personnel and the Company's directors.

## FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

Financial  instruments  held  by  the  Company are classified in accordance with the provisions of  IFRS  9  Financial  Instruments.  Broadly,  the classification possibilities, which are adopted by the Company, as applicable, are as follows:

Financial assets which are equity instruments

- Mandatorily  at  fair  value  through  profit  or loss; or
- Designated  as  at  fair  value  through  other comprehensive income. (This designation is not  available  to  equity  instruments  which are held for trading or which are contingent consideration in a business combination).

Financial assets which are debt instruments:

- Amortised cost. (This  category applies  only when the contractual terms of the instrument give rise, on specified dates, to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on  principal,  and  where  the  instrument  is held under a business model whose objective is  met by holding the instrument to collect contractual cash flows); or
- Fair value through other  comprehensive income.  (This  category  applies  only  when the contractual terms of the instrument give rise, on specified dates, to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on principal, and where the instrument is held under a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling the instruments); or

## ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## ACCOUNTING POLICIES For the year ended 31 March 2022

## FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

- Mandatorily  at  fair  value  through  profit  or loss. (This classification automatically applies to all debt instruments which do not qualify as at amortised cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income); or
- Designated  at  fair  value  through  profit  or loss.  (This  classification  option  can  only  be applied  when  it  eliminates  or  significantly reduces an accounting mismatch).

Non - Derivatives:

- Mandatorily  at  fair  value  through  profit  or loss.
- Financial liabilities.
- Amortised cost.
- Mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss. (This applies to contingent consideration in a business combination or to liabilities which are held for trading); or
- Designated at fair value through profit or loss. (This classification option can be applied when it eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch; the liability forms part of a Company of financial instruments managed on a fair value basis; or it forms part of a contract containing an embedded derivative and the entire contract is designated as at fair value through profit or loss).

Note 27 Financial instruments and risk management presents the financial instruments held  by  the  Company  based  on  their  specific classifications.

All  regular  way  purchases  or  sales  of  financial assets  are  recognised  and  derecognised  on  a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are  purchases  or  sales  of  financial  assets  that require delivery of assets within the time frame established  by  regulation  or  convention  in  the marketplace.

The specific accounting policies for the classification,  recognition  and  measurement  of each  type  of  financial  instrument  held  by  the Company are presented below:

## Financial asset measured at amortised cost

## Classification

Trade and other receivables (note 15) are classified as financial assets subsequently measured  at  amortised  cost.  They  have  been classified in this manner because the contractual terms of these receivables give rise, on specified dates  to  cash  flows  that  are  solely  payments of  principal  outstanding,  and  the  Company's business model is to collect the contractual cash flows on these receivables. The Company does not charge interest on its receivables.

## Recognition and measurement

Trade and other receivables are recognised when the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the loan.  The receivables are measured, at initial recognition, at fair value plus transaction costs, if any.

## ACCOUNTING POLICIES For the year ended 31 March 2022

## FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

They are subsequently measured at amortised cost.  The  amortised cost is the amount recognised on the related party receivables initially, minus principal repayments using the effective interest method  of  any  difference  between  the  initial amount and the maturity amount, adjusted for any loss allowance.

## Impairment

The  Company  recognises  a  loss  allowance  for expected credit losses on all receivable measured at amortised cost. The amount of expected credit losses is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition of the respective loans.

The  Company  applies  a  simplified  approach  in calculating  ECLs.  Therefore,  the  Company  does not  track  changes  in  credit  risk,  but  instead recognises  a  loss  allowance  based  on  lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Company has established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience over a period of twenty-four (24) before the reporting date.

For trade receivables containing significant financing components, the Company applies the simplified approach explained above.

## Significant increase in credit risk

In assessing whether the credit risk on a loan has increased  significantly  since  initial  recognition, the  Company  compares  the  risk  of  a  default occurring  on  the  loan  as  at  the  reporting  date with the risk of a default occurring as at the date of initial recognition. The Company considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.

Forward-looking information considered includes  the  future  prospects  of  the  industries in  which  the  counterparties  operate,  obtained from economic expert reports, financial analysts,  governmental  bodies,  relevant  thinktanks  and  other  similar  organisations,  as  well as  consideration  of  various  external  sources  of actual and forecast economic information.

Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the credit  risk  on  a  loan  is  always presumed to have increased significantly since initial recognition if the contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the Company has  reasonable  and  supportable  information that  demonstrates  otherwise.  By  contrast,  if  a receivable is assessed to have a low credit risk at the reporting date, then it is assumed that the credit  risk  on  the  receivable  has  not  increased significantly since initial recognition.

The Company regularly monitors the effectiveness  of  the  criteria  used  to  identify whether  there  has  been  a  significant  increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying significant  increases  in  credit  risk  before  the amount becomes past due.

## Definition of default

For purposes of internal credit risk management purposes, the Company consider that a default event  has  occurred  if  there  is  either  a  breach of financial covenants by the counterparty, or if internal  or  external  information  indicates  that the counterparty is unlikely to pay its creditors

## ACCOUNTING POLICIES For the year ended 31 March 2022

## FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

in  full  (without  taking  collateral  into  account). Irrespective of the above analysis, the Company considers that default has occurred when a loan instalment is more than 90 days past due unless there is reasonable and supportable information to  demonstrate  that  a  more  lagging  default criterion is more appropriate.

## Write off policy

Procedurally, past due receivables are first subjected to internal collection procedures before  they  are  handed  over  to  external  debt collectors for collection. Once all avenues have  been  exhausted,  these  are  handed  back to  the  Company  where  the  loans  are  now recommended for write off to the directors.

The  Company  writes  off  a  loan  when  there  is information indicating that the counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.g. when the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into  bankruptcy  proceedings.  Any  recoveries made subsequent to write-offs are recognised in profit or loss.

## Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of financial  position  comprise  cash  at  bank  and short-term  deposits  with  an  original  maturity of three months or less. Cash on hand and cash equivalents are carried at amortised cost. For the purpose of the statement of cash flows, cash and cash  equivalents  consist  of  cash  and  deposits, net of outstanding bank overdrafts.

In  arriving  at  net  cash  from  operations,  the Company excludes ordinary dividends paid to  shareholders,  interest  income  and  interest expense.

## Gains and Losses for Financial Assets

Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the receivable is derecognised or impaired as well as through the amortisation process.

## FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY INSTRUMENTS

Financial liabilities and equity instruments are  classified  according  to  the  substance  of the contractual arrangements entered into. Significant financial liabilities are trade and other payables.

## Trade and other payables

Liabilities for  trade  and  other  payables  are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method which is the present  value  of  the  consideration  to  be  paid in  the  future  for  goods  and  services  received, whether or not billed to the Company.

## Gains and Losses for Financial Liabilities

Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the loan or payable is derecognised as well as through the amortisation process.

## Equity instruments

Equity  instruments  are  recorded  net  of  direct issue costs.

## ACCOUNTING POLICIES For the year ended 31 March 2022

## FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## Offsetting of financial assets and financial liabilities (Interconnect balances)

Financial assets and  liabilities specifically in relation  to  interconnect  charges  are  offset  and the  net  amount  reported  in  the  statement  of financial  position  when  there  is  a  currently enforceable legal right to set off the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a  net  basis  or  realise  the  asset  and  settle  the liability simultaneously.

## Derecognition of financial assets and liabilities

The  Company  derecognises  a  financial  asset when  the  right  to  receive  cash  flow  from  the asset  have  expired  and  it  has  transferred  its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to pay the received cash flows  in  full  without  material  delay  to  a  third party  under  a  pass  through  arrangement  and either the Company has transferred substantially all  the  risks  and  rewards  of  the    asset  or  the Company  has  neither  transferred  nor  retained substantially  all  the  risks  and  rewards  of  the asset  but  has  transferred  control  of  the  asset. The asset is only recognised to the extent that the  Company  has  a  continuing  involvement  in the asset.

A  financial  liability  is  derecognised  when  the obligation  under  the  liability  is  discharged  or cancelled or expires. When an existing financial liability  is  replaced  by  another  from the lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of an  existing  liability  are  substantially  modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a  derecognition  of  the  original  liability  and  the recognition of a new liability, and  the difference in the respective carrying amounts is recognised in profit or loss.

## DIVIDENDS

The  Board  in  consultations  with  Management determines  the  amount  of  dividends  to  be distributed to the shareholders. Dividends shall be  declared  in  respect  of  each  financial  period based  on  the  operating  results  of  the  period, financial  position  of  the  Company,  investment strategy,  future  capital  requirements  and  other factors.  The liability to pay dividends is recognised when dividends are declared. The dividend will be paid net of applicable withholding taxes (10%) under the Botswana Income Tax Act.

Dividends paid are disclosed as operating activities in the statements of cash flows.

## PROVISIONS

General  provisions  are  recognised  when  the Company  has  a  present  legal  or  constructive obligation as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. A past event is deemed to  give  rise  to  a  present  obligation  if, taking into account all of the available evidence, it is more likely than not that a present obligation exists at reporting date.

## ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## ACCOUNTING POLICIES For the year ended 31 March 2022

## LEASES

The determination of whether an arrangement is, or contains a  lease is based on the substance of the arrangement and requires an assessment of whether the fulfilment of the arrangement is dependent on the use of specific asset or assets and the arrangement conveys a right to use the asset.

The Company assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. That is, if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

## Company as a lessee

The Company applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases including those for short-term leases and leases of low-value assets. The Company recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.

## i) Right-of-use assets

The Company recognises right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date the underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.

The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term and the estimated useful lives of the assets, as follows:

| Buildings  3 to 5 years  Telecommunications sites  3 to 15 years  Network assets  3 to 10 years  Other plant and equipment  3 years   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  right-of-use  assets  are  also  subject  to  impairment.  Refer  to  the  accounting  policies  under impairment of non-financial assets.

## ACCOUNTING POLICIES For the year ended 31 March 2022

## LEASES (Continued)

## ii) Lease liabilities

At  the  commencement  date  of  the  lease,  the Company recognises lease liabilities measured at the present value of lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed  payments  (including  in  substance  fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees.

The  lease  payments  also  include  the  exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Company and payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Company exercising the option to  terminate.  Variable  lease  payments  that  do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as expenses (unless they are incurred to produce inventories) in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

In calculating the present value of lease payments,  the  Company  uses  its  incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

After  the  commencement  date,  the  amount  of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in the lease payments  (e.g.,  changes  to  future  payments resulting from a change in an index or rate used to determine such lease payments) or a change in the assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.

A  lease  contract  is  modified  and  the  lease modification is not accounted for as a separate lease, in which case the lease liability is remeasured  based  on  the  lease  term  of  the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments  using  a  revised  discount  rate  at  the effective date of the modification.

## iii) Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

The  Company  has  opted  not  to  apply  both the    short-term  lease  (i.e.,  those  leases  that have  a  lease  term  of  12  months  or  less  from the  commencement  date  and  do  not  contain a  purchase  option)  and  low  value  recognition exemption  to  its  short-term  leases  and  low value leases.

## Company as lessor

Leases where the Company retains substantially all  the  risks  and  benefits  of  ownership  of  the asset  are  classified  as  operating  leases.  Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on  the  same  bases  as  rental  income.  Lease income  is  recognised  as  income  in  profit  or loss on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Contingent rentals are recognised as revenue in the period in which they are earned.

Site  rentals  are  for  network  towers  which  are leased to other mobile operators

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  P'000  P'000  1  REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS  Fixed Voice  Voice  146,261  135,706  Access  115,578  125,074  Interconnect  13,810  15,484  Customer Premises Equipment (CPE)  125,419  130,140  Significant financing component *  3,577  1,147  404,645  407,551  Mobile  Voice  177,461  265,074  Interconnect  12,689  15,917  Data  190,887  125,871  Short Message Service and Value added services  33,115  27,020  Customer Premises Equipment (CPE)  22,482  17,496  Significant financing component *  1,177  1,033  437,811  452,411  Fixed Data  Usage  259,907  261,804  Access  211,733  220,627  Customer Premises Equipment (CPE)  14,741  23,717  486,381  506,148  Other Revenue  Directory services  6,132  9,275  Mobile Money Services  5,561  2,189  Value Added Services  13,143  3,298  Property rentals  29,692  26,610  Cost of works  1,930  4,167  Third party collection fees  194  13,422  Digital Services  6,768  1,338  63,420  60,299  Total revenue from contracts with customers  1,392,257  1,426,409   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Relates to adjustments to Customer Premises Equipment (PABX) and mobile postpaid (with handset device and voucher) as per IFRS 15 guidelines.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 1. REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS (continued)

## Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers:

The Company derives revenue from the transfer of good and services over time and at a point in time in the following major product and service lines.  In the following table, revenue is disaggregated by major products / service lines and timing of revenue recognition.

| 31 March 2022  Fixed Voice  Mobile  Mobile  Fixed Data  Network  Services  (P'000)  Interconnect  (P'000)  CPE  (P'000)  Network  Services  (P'000)  Interconnect  (P'000)  CPE  (P'000)  Usage  (P'000)  Access (P'000)  CPE  (P'000)  Other Revenue  (P'000)  Total  (P'000)  Major products / service lines:  Revenue from external contracts with  customers  261,839  13,810  128,996  402,640  12,689  22,482  259,907  211,733  14,741  -  1,328,837  Other revenue (directory services, value  added services, rentals)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  63,420  63,420  261,839  13,810  128,996  402,640  12,689  22,482  259,907  211,733  14,741  63,420  1,392,257  Timing of revenue recognition:  Products transferred at a point in time  -  -  128,996  -  -  22,482  -  -  14,741  -  166,219  Products and services transferred over time  261,839  13,810  -  402,640  12,689  -  259,907  211,733  -  63,420  1,226,038  261,839  13,810  128,996  402,640  12,689  22,482  259,907  211,733  14,741  63,420  1,392,257   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 31 March 2021  Fixed Voice  Mobile  Mobile  Fixed Data  Network  Services  (P'000)  Interconnect  (P'000)  CPE  (P'000)  Network  Services  (P'000)  Interconnect  (P'000)  CPE  (P'000)  Usage  (P'000)  Access  (P'000)  CPE  (P'000)  Other Revenue  (P'000)  Total  (P'000)  Major products / service lines:  Revenue from external contracts with  customers  260,780  15,484  131,287  418,998  15,917  17 ,496  261,804  220,627  23,717  -  1,366,110  Other revenue (directory services, value  added services, rentals)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  60,299  60,299  260,780  15,484  131,287  418,998  15,917  17 ,496  261,804  220,627  23,717  60,299  1,426,409  Timing of revenue recognition:  Products transferred at a point in time  -  -  131,287  -  17,496  -  -  23,717  -  172,500  Products and services transferred over time  260,780  15,484  -  418,998  15,917  -  261,804  220,627  -  60,299  1,253,909  260,780  15,484  131,287  418,998  15,917  17,496  261,804  220,627  23,717  60,299  1,426,409   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  P'000  P'000  2  COST OF SERVICES AND GOODS SOLD (Restated)  Payment to International carriers and local operators (interconnection)  66,923  91,750  Amortisation of the Indefeasible right of use (IRU) asset  38,209  38,209  Depreciation  Land and buildings  20,638  34,149  Network Assets  156,018  138,924  Amortisation of intangible assets  41,306  44,780  Right of Use Assets  20,611  20,437  Equipment and material costs  152,581  118,212  Installation of Customer Premises Equipment (CPE)  6,900  14,709  Write down /(up) of inventories  2,148  (2,694)  Cost of directory sales  1,534  1,641  Cost of prepaid cards  980  4,807  Cost of phones  38,563  27 ,243  License fee - BOCRA  35,294  39,065  Space segment rentals and other licence fees  15,237  16,389  Mobile financial services costs  7,809  4,894  Total cost of services and goods sold  604,751  592,515  Space segment rentals relate to satellites which the entity rents. Licence fees relate  to computer software.  3.1  INTEREST INCOME  Interest from short-term and call accounts deposits  18,796  6,360  18,796  6,360  3.2  INTEREST EXPENSE  Interest expense on lease liabilities  9,021  9,695  Interest expense on Indefeasible right of use liability  13,746  17 ,277  22,767  26,972  4  OTHER INCOME  Development grant recognised as income (note 20)  21,235  30,990  Exchange gain*  18,683  6,639  39,918  37 ,629  * Classified under Other Operating expenses in the prior year   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  P'000  P'000  5  SELLING AND DISTRIBUTION COSTS:  Product Marketing costs  18,175  21,721  Sponsorship expense / (reversals)  67  (1,705)  18,242  20,016  6  ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  Employee costs:  Salaries and wages  318,950  326,074  Pension fund and group life contributions (defined contribution plans)  34,132  32,651  Training costs  2,957  4,726  Medical costs  9,475  8,888  Other related employee costs *  13,285  9,456  Total employee costs charged to profit or loss  378,799  381,795  Depreciation - Other equipment  18,020  11,188  - Right-of Use Assets Motor Vehicles  251  749  Repairs and maintenance - non-telecommunications equipment  6,503  15,563  Total Administrative expenses  403,573  409,295   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Other related employee costs include medical aid expenses, staff welfare and staff uniforms

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| ## 7 OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES  Audit Remuneration  Restated  2022  2021  Notes  P'000  P'000  Audit fees  2,098  1,960  Other Services  701  359  Directors fees-sitting allowance  1,476  1,168  Directors fees-other expenses  332  171  Billing costs  56,322  63,271  Consultancy  15,714  10,052  Financial charges*  10,678  14,291  Radio Licence fees - BOCRA  7 ,654  12,452  Variable lease payments  1,199  2,883  Stationery  1,739  2,732  Miscellaneous expenses*  8,315  11,484  Property upkeep  13,408  11,243  Travel and entertainment  4,281  3,700  Dealer commission  39,591  49,401  Vehicle running costs  7 ,995  7 ,070  Utilities -electricity and water  35,807  34,419  Licences - system and software  14,692  12,733  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment  434  505  TOTAL  222,436  239,894   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## *Miscellaneous expenses

Miscellaneous expenses include the following: outsourced call centre costs, customs and freight, newspapers and periodicals.

## *Financial charges

Financial charges include the following: Bank charges, Insurance premiums and miscellaneous write-offs.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

9

| Restated  2022  2021  Notes  P'000  P'000  ## 8 INCOME TAX EXPENSE  The components of income tax expense for the period are:  Statement of Profit or loss  Taxation expense  Current taxation  -  -  Deferred taxation  23.2  41,608  30,923  Charge for the year  39,728  30,923  Prior year under provision  1,880  -  Taxation expense  41,608  30,923  Tax rate reconciliation  Profit before tax  182,393  168,841  Company tax at 22%  40,126  37 ,145  Prior year under provision  1,880  -  Expenses and revenues not deductible for tax purposes  (398)  (6,222)  Taxation expense  41,608  30,923  -  Non-deductible expenses include donations and proportion of capital costs and  income not qualifying for capital  tax allowances.  As elaborated on Note 23.2, the Company is currently on a tax loss position since the  2020 financial year therefore nil current taxation (March 2021; Nil)  EARNINGS PER SHARE  Profit attributable to ordinary shareholder for basic and diluted earnings per share  140,785  137 ,918  Stated capital - number of shares (note 18)  1,050,000,000  1,050,000,000  Earnings per share (Thebe)  13.41  13.14   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company has  stated  capital of 1,050,000,000 shares as at period end (Prior year: 1,050,000,000 shares). The Government of Botswana is still the majority shareholder with a 54.16% shareholding.

There have been no other transactions involving ordinary shares or potential ordinary shares between the reporting date and the date of authorisation of these financial statements.

There are no dilutive potential ordinary shares for purposes of computing diluted earnings per share.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 10 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| 31 March 2022  Notes  Land &amp;  Buildings  Network  Assets  Plant &amp; Other  Equipment  Capital Work in  Progress  Total  Measured at  Fair value  Cost  Cost  Cost  P'000  P'000  P'000  P'000  P'000  COST OR VALUATION  At beginning of the year - restated  589,941  3,222,894  264,391  127,926  4,205,152  Additions and net transfers  11,603  135,507  9,924  (43,984)  113,050  Reclassified as held for sale  17  (40,300)  -  -  -  (40,300)  Retired  -  -  (929)  -  (929)  At end of the period  561,244  3,358,401  273,386  83,942  4,276,973  DEPRECIATION AND IMPAIRMENT  At beginning of the year - restated  1,980  2,433,074  198,974  -  2,634,028  Depreciation charge for the year  20,637  156,018  18,020  -  194,675  Reclassified as held for sale  17  (317)  -  -  -  (317)  Retired  -  -  (865)  -  (865)  At end of the year  22,300  2,589,092  216,129  -  2,827,521  NET BOOK VALUE  At beginning of the year  587,961  789,820  65,417  127,926  1,571,124  At end of the period  538,944  769,309  57,257  83,942  1,449,452   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 10 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

| 31 March 2021 (Restated)  Notes  Land &amp;  Buildings  Network  Assets  Plant &amp; Other  Equipment  Capital Work in  Progress  Total  Measured at  Fair value  Cost  Cost  Cost  P'000  P'000  P'000  P'000  P'000  COST OR VALUATION  At beginning of the year - restated  812,667  3,085,704  295,331  100,343  4,294,045  Additions  7 ,924  140,623  5,920  27,583  182,050  Revaluation  (230,640)  -  -  -  (230,640)  Retired  -  (3,433)  (36,870)  -  (40,303)  Reclassification  (10)  -  10  -  -  At end of the year  589,941  3,222,894  264,391  127,926  4,205,152  DEPRECIATION  At beginning of the year - restated  270,613  2,299,376  214,671  -  2,784,660  Depreciation charge for the year  25,881  138,924  19,456  -  184,261  Retired  -  (5,226)  (35,153)  -  (40,379)  Revaluation  (294,514)  -  -  -  (294,514)  At end of the year - restated  1,980  2,433,074  198,974  -  2,634,028  NET BOOK VALUE  At beginning of the year - restated  542,054  786,328  80,660  100,343  1,509,385  At end of the year - restated  587,961  789,820  65,417  127,926  1,571,124   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details relating to the restatement of prior period errors have been disclosed in note 25 .

Land and buildings are carried at a revalued amount, which is the fair value at the date of the revaluation less any subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

The revaluation of land and buildings was performed on 31 March 2021 by Vantage Properties.  The count and valuation, where possible, of the  asset components in Botswana, and appropriate depreciation classes were standardised and residual values applied. For fair value disclosures, refer to Note 28.

If land and buildings were measured using the cost model, the carrying amount would be as follows:

| 2022  2021  P'000  P'000  Cost  287,412  279,969  Depreciation  (109,843)  (109,562)  Carrying amount  177 ,569  170,407   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| ## 11 INTANGIBLE ASSETS  31 March 2022  Computer and  Billing Software  Network  Systems  Total  P'000  P'000  P'000  COST  At beginning of the year  514,346  45,136  559,482  Additions  20,903  -  20,903  Disposal  (1,651)  -  1,651)  At end of the year  533,598  45,136  578,734  AMORTISATION  At beginning of the year  327 ,836  26,379  354,215  Charge for the year  39,765  1,541  41,306  Disposal  (733)  -  (733)  At end of the year  366,868  27 ,920  394,788  NET BOOK VALUE  At beginning of the year  186,510  18,757  205,267  At end of the year  166,730  17 ,216  183,946  31 March  2021  COST  At beginning of the year  496,221  45,136  541,357  Additions  18,125  -  18,125  At end of the year  514,346  45,136  559,482  AMORTISATION  At beginning of the year  284,696  24,739  309,435  Charge for the year  43,140  1,640  44,780  At end of the year  327 ,836  26,379  354,215  NET BOOK VALUE  At beginning of the year  211,525  20,397  231,922  At end of the year  186,510  18,757  205,267   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 12 ASSET IMPAIRMENT

As at 31 March 2022, the Company assessed its property, plant and equipment and finite life intangible assets at the reporting  date for any indication of impairment. This was done by comparing the carrying amount of the Company's net assets with the recoverable amount of the assets. The recoverable amount was based on the business' value in use, which in turn, was calculated by forecasting the Company's future enterprise free cash flows for a period of five years, including the terminal value into perpetuity and then determining the value by discounting these free cash flows using a discount rate equal to the weighted average cost of capital (WACC) of 13.6% (15.175% pre tax)  (31 March 2021: 13.6%-16.541% pre tax). The entire business was regarded as one cash generating unit (CGU) since common network elements are responsible for the production of all services.

Based on the value-in-use calculation, the estimated value in use of BTC significantly exceeded its carrying amount. As the value-in use range exceeds the carrying amount of the CGU, there is no impairment loss to be recognised.

## Valuation key assumptions

The recoverable amount was determined based on value in use. The calculations used cash flow projections over a period of five (5) years based on financial forecasts was applied.

| Key assumptions used in value in use calculations and sensitivity to changes in assumptions  The calculation of value in use took into consideration the following assumptions:  - Gross margins  - Discount rate  - Market share during the forecast period  - Growth rates used to extrapolate the cash flows beyond the forecast period  Assumptions  Discount rate (WACC) 2022: 13.6%  (March 2021: 13.6%) . The pre-tax WACC rate  15.175% (March 2021: 16.541%)  Management determined this rate based on past experience as well as external sources of information.  Terminal growth rate into perpertuity: 2%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Sensitivity to changes in assumptions

Given the significant headroom computed, no further sensitivity analysis has been performed.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 13 LEASES

The Company has lease contracts for various buildings, rental of telecommunication sites, network assets and motor vehicles used in its operations. Leases of buildings generally have lease terms between 3 and 5 years, telecommunication sites between 3 and 15 years, network assets between 5 and 10 years while motor vehicles  generally have lease term of 3 years. The Company's obligations under its leases are secured by the lessor's title to the leased assets. Generally, the Company is restricted from assigning and subleasing the leased assets. The Company's leases are mainly non-cancellable and include options of extension on terms to be agreed upon by both parties. There are no lease contracts that include variable lease payments.

The Company has choosen not to utilise the exemption on short-term leases and the leasing of low-value assets.

## 13.1 Right-of-use assets

| 31 March 2022  Buildings  Telecommunication  Sites  Network  Assets  Motor  Vehicles  Other  Total  P'000  P'000  P'000  P'000  P'000  P'000  COST  At beginning of  the year  17 ,241  131,037  17 ,148  959  1,631  168,016  Additions  3,732  3,139  -  -  -  6,871  Disposals  (1,778)  (1,252)  -  (441)  -  (3,471)  At end of the  year  19,195  132,924  17 ,148  518  1,631  171,416  DEPRECIATION  At beginning of  the year  7 ,926  27 ,628  2,250  613  272  38,689  Depreciation  charge for the  year  4,642  14,299  1,125  251  544  20,861  Disposals  (1,778)  (1,252)  -  (441)  -  (3,471)  At end of the  year  10,790  40,675  3,375  423  816  56,079  NET BOOK  VALUE  At beginning of  the year  9,315  103,407  14,898  346  1,359  129,325  At end of the  year  8,405  92,249  13,773  95  815  115,337   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 13 LEASES (Continued)

| 31 March 2021  Buildings  Telecommunication  Sites  Network  Assets  Motor  Vehicles  Other  Total  P'000  P'000  P'000  P'000  P'000  P'000  At beginning of  the year  17 ,222  129,130  17 ,148  1,987  -  165,487  Additions  1,170  3,082  -  -  1,631  5,883  Disposals  (1,151)  (1,175)  -  (1,028)  -  (3,354)  At end of the  year  17,241  131,037  17 ,148  959  1,631  168,016  DEPRECIATION  At beginning of  the year  4,432  14,409  1,125  892  -  20,858  Depreciation  charge for the  year  4,645  14,394  1,125  749  272  21,185  Disposals  (1,151)  (1,175)  -  (1,028)  -  (3,354)  At end of the  year  7 ,926  27 ,628  2,250  613  272  38,689  NET BOOK  VALUE  At beginning of  the year  12,790  114,721  16,023  1,095  -  144,629  At end of the  year  9,315  103,409  14,898  346  1,359  129,327   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 13 LEASES (Continued)

## 13.2 Lease liabilities

Set out below are the carrying amounts of lease liabilities  and the movements during the period:

| 31 March 2022  Buildings  Telecommunication  Sites  Network  Assets  Motor  Vehicles  Other  Total  P'000  P'000  P'000  P'000  P'000  P'000  At beginning of  the year  10,403  114,725  15,897  374  1,381  142,780  Additions  during the year  3,732  3,139  -  -  -  6,871  Accretion of  interest  669  7 ,253  1,010  15  74  9,021  Payments  (5,337)  (18,187)  (1,793)  (284)  (600)  (26,201)  As at end of  the year  9,467  106,930  15,114  105  855  132,471  31 March  2021  At beginning of  the year  13,639  121,714  16,630  1,148  -  153,131  Additions  during the year  1,170  3,082  -  -  1,631  5,883  Accretion of  interest  784  7 ,752  1,060  49  50  9,695  Payments  (5,190)  (17 ,823)  (1,793)  (823)  (300)  (25,929)  At end of the  year  10,403  114,725  15,897  374  1,381  142,780   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 13 LEASES (Continued)

## 13.2 Lease liabilities (continued)

| 2022  2021  Comprising:  P'000  P'000  Current liabilities  16,718  16,418  Non-current liabilities  115,753  126,362  132,471  142,780  The maturity analysis of undiscounted lease liabilities are disclosed in Note 27.8  The following are the amounts recognised in profit or loss:  Depreciation expense on right-of-use asset  - Cost of Sales  20,610  20,436  - Administrative expenses  251  749  Interest expense on lease liabilities  9,021  9,695  Total amount recognised in profit or loss  29,882  30,880   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There were no leases not yet commenced to which the Company as lessee is committed.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 14 INVENTORIES

| 2022  2021  P'000  P'000  Comprising:  Consumable stores  46,276  44,024  Customer premises equipment  7,143  1,198  Total inventories at the lower of cost and net realisable value  53,419  45,222   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above inventory is disclosed at the lower of cost and estimated net realisable value.

The cost of inventories recognised as an expense during the year was P91 592 000 (2021; P94 021 000).

Included in the Cost of Sales is P6 780 000 in respect of write  downs of inventory to net realisable value (2021 P2 693 000 write up).

## 15 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

| Trade receivables  178,947  123,351  Receivables from related parties  96,464  147,518  Trade receivables from interconnect balances  13,418  14,087  Contract assets  53,539  35,016  Staff advances  8,293  7,344  Receivables from global connectivity projects (EASSy &amp; WACS)  -  9,455  Other receivables  9,145  15,895  Provision for credit Notes - Revenue reversals  (46,258)  (26,418)  Debtors impairment  (122,707)  (130,064)  Net trade and other receivables  190,841  196,184   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 15 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)

| 2022  2021  P'000  P'000  Prepayments  23,820  21,909  Total trade and other receivables  214,661  218,093  Categorisation into:  Financial  assets at amortised cost  155,760  150,387  Non financial  58,901  67,706  214,661  218,093  Comprising:  Trade and other receivables  161,122  183,077  Contract assets  53,539  35,016  214,661  218,093   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company's trade and other receivables  are non-interest bearing.  For terms and conditions relating to related party receivables, refer to Note 26. Trade receivables from interconnect balances and other receivables are generally 30 to 90 day terms, interest free, unsecured and settlement occurs in cash.

## Contract Assets

BTC recognises contract assets for goods and services for which control has transferred to the customer before consideration is due. These assets mainly relate to mobile handsets or vouchers and PABX provided upfront but paid for over the course of the period of the contract and primarily relate to BTC's right to consideration for goods and services rendered but not billed at the reporting date for customer contracts for network services and mobile devices. The contract assets are transferred to trade and other receivables when the rights become unconditional. Contract assets are reclassified as trade and other receivables when the right to payment becomes unconditional and BTC has billed the customer.

The following table provides information about receivables, revenue related contract assets from contracts with customers:

| Contract assets  Current  25,280  19,594  Non-Current  28,259  15,422  Total contract assets  53,539  35,016   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 15 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)

## Contract Assets (continued)

## UNSATISFIED PERFORMANCE

The following table shows unsatisfied performance obligations resulting from long term customer contracts:

| 2022  2021  P'000  P'000  Aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to long term customer contracts.  40,662  22,386  40,662  22,386   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The table includes revenue expected to be recognised in the future related to performance obligations that are unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied) at the reporting date.

No consideration from contracts with customers is excluded from the amounts presented above.

The Company applies the practical expedient (modified approach) in paragraph 121 of IFRS 15 and does not disclose information about remaining performance obligations that have original expected durations of one year or less.

Staff advances are repaid up to twelve months and  are non-interest bearing. Staff advances and other receivables are carried at cost which approximate their carrying value.

Further details on receivables from Global connectivity projects (EASSy and WACS) have been disclosed in note 26.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 15 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)

## Exposure to credit risk

Trade  receivables inherently expose the Company to credit risk, being the risk that the Company will incur financial loss if customers fail to make payments as they fall due. The Company applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables. To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on the days past due.

The expected loss rates are based on the payment profiles of post paid customers over a period of 24 months before 31 March 2022 and the corresponding historical credit losses experienced within this period. The historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect current macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the customers to settle the receivables. Given the short nature of its trade receivables, the Company has identified inflation  to be the most relevant factor, and accordingly adjusted the historical loss rates based on expected changes in this.

The  credit period on trade and other receivables is 30 days (2021: 30 days). No interest is charged on outstanding trade and other receivables .

A loss allowance is recognised for all trade and other receivables, in accordance with IFRS 9 Financial Instruments, and is monitored at the end of each reporting period. In addition to the loss allowance, trade receivables are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery, for example, when a debtor has been placed under liquidation.  As per the Company credit policy, past due receivables are first subjected to the internal collection process until all available avenues are exhausted. They are then handed over to external debt collectors for collections. Any balances uncollected are returned back to the Company at which point an assessment is made for write off.

In accordance with the simplified approach adopted, the loss allowance on trade receivables is determined as the lifetime expected credit losses  on  trade  receivables.  These  lifetime  expected  credit  losses  are  estimated  using  a  provision  matrix,  which  is  presented  below.  The provision matrix is a probability-weighted model which applies an expected loss percentage, based on the net write-off history experienced on receivables, to each ageing category of receivables at the end of each month in order to calculate the total provision to be raised on the receivable balances. It also incorporates information and general economic conditions of the industry as at the reporting date.

Due to the intricate relationship between contract assets and trade reciavables, the lifetime expected credit losses determined for the trade reciavables are applied on the contract assets.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 15 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)

## Exposure to credit risk (continued)

The changes in percentage movements in the default rates within the credit ratings were analysed at reporting date at a customer profile level and these changes were then applied to existing ECL ratios.

Management continued to monitor its customers with reference to the continuing impact of COVID- 19 on the economy.

| 2022  2022  2021  2021  P'000  P'000  P'000  P'000  Expected credit loss  rate (average)  Estimated  gross  carrying  amount  at default  Loss  allowance  (Lifetime  expected  credit loss)  Estimated  gross  carrying  amount at  default  Loss  allowance  (Lifetime  expected  credit loss)  Mar-22  Mar 21  Bucketing (Days past due)  Current  7%  6%  144,444  10,281  84,751  6,286  31-60 days past due  16%  22%  43,507  6,992  50,334  11,112  61-90 days past due  16%  32%  23,092  3,645  29,271  9,233  91-120 days past due  31%  74%  27,337  8,474  28,379  20,878  121-150 days past due  84%  85%  7,142  6,026  18,888  16,011  More than 150 days past due  76%  47%  114,284  87,289  141,043  66,544  Total  359,806  122,707  352,666  130,064   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

23,819

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 15 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)

## Reconciliation of loss allowance

The following table shows the movement in the loss allowance (expected credit losses) for trade and other receivables

| 2022  2021  P'000  P'000  Opening balance  130,064  238,116  Net provision (raised)/ reversed during the year  3,191  (12,865)  Balances written off during the year  (21,475)  (102,065)  Provision for credit notes for reciavables already  provided for  10,927  6,878  Balance at the end of  the year  122,707  130,064  Reconciliation of the Provision for Credit Notes **  Opening balance  26,418  29,032  Revenue reversals during the year  (26,790)  (29,032)  Net provision raised on new receivables  46,630  26,418  Balance at the end of  the year  46,258  26,418   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

**The Company assesses all revenue reversals made during the year to determine the period to which the respective revenues were recognised and  further makes an estimate of  revenue reversals  that might occur  in the ensuing year based on historic events or trends. The revenue reversals are then recognised in the appropriate period with the relevant reduction of the impairment by the amount already provided for.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| ## 16.1 Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year:  2022  2021  Notes  P'000  P'000  Cash at bank and on hand  63,905  125,757  Short term deposits  398,857  223,506  Restricted balances held for the mobile financial servcices (SMEGA)  57 ,680  14,010  Net cash and cash equivalents at end of the year  520,442  363,273   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The call deposits had effective interest rates of between 0.25% and 0.50% (March 2021: 0.25% and 0.50%).

Included in the cash and cash equivalents is an amount of USD 60 000 which BTC received from a counter party as a security for the potential future bad debts.

As per the Elecronic Payments Services regulations, every Mobile Money Financial Services (MFS) provider is required to hold greater of P2 000 000 or 2% of outstanding electronic money liabilities. At the same time, each MFS is expected to have dedicated accounts which should not at any time be less than the value of the outstanding electronic money liabilities.

## 16.2 STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS - Operating profit before working capital changes:

| Profit before tax  182,393  168,841  Adjustment for non-cash movements:  Impairment losses and gains on financial assets and contract assets  15  (3,191)  12,865  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment - (restated)  10  194,675  184,261  Depreciation on assets held for sale  17  317  -  Amortisation of intangible assets  11  41,306  44,780  Interest income  3.1  (18,796)  (6,360)  Interest expense  3.2  22,767  26,972  Depreciation on right of use assets  13.1  20,861  21,185  Amortisation of IRU  26.2  38,209  38,209  (Profit)/Loss on disposal of property, plant and  equipment  7  434  505  Exchange gain  (2,979)  (11,634)  Development grant recognised as income  20  (21,235)  (30,990)  Movement in provisions  22  (15,222)  16,001  Operating cash flows  before working capital changes  439,539  464,635   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 16.3 Banking Facilities

The Company  has facilities with its bankers amounting to P20,000,000 (March 2021: P20,000,000) in respect of Letters of credit and guarantes (P10,000,000) and Overdraft (P10,000,000). The banking facilities are unsecured.

The unutilised portion of the banking facilities amounted to P8.2 million as at 31 March 2022: USD 508,378 has been utilised as a performance bond with BOCRA, expiring 31 December 2022, for Fixed Wireless Access Spectrum in Frequency 2300-2400 MHZ.  Botswana Railways Intent for Performance Bond expiring 30-07-2022 for P1,520,688.70, for  Supply, Installation, Configuration and Testing of Unified Communication System.

BOCRA Performance Bond for BWP449,876.05 for Mobile Broadband Wireless Access service 2100MHz Spectrum expiring 31 December 2023.

## 17 ASSETS HELD FOR SALE

As at year end the Company held residential properties which the company had decided to immediately dispose in their present condition. The assets were classified as 'non-current assets held for sale' on 01 July 2021 as the company intends to recover their carrying amounts principally through a sale transaction.  As at year end, the assets had already been put through a public auction process and the sales are expected to be completed within one year.

The assets have been remeasured and are now carried at the lower of their carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. Fair value less cost of selling has been determined as the highest bid prices obtained (gross) at the auction of the properties as the costs of the auction are borne by the buyer.

Impairment losses on classification as 'held for sale' have been treated as a revaluation decrease as these assets were being carried under the revaluation model and the assets have been depreciated up to the date of re-classification (P317,000) and have not been depreciated or amortized after recognition as 'held for sale'.

The Company decided to dispose of its portfolio of residential properties in order to focus on core telecommunications business. These properties were acquired over the years for housing employees at some of the areas in the country when accommodation was deemed inadequate.

| 2022  2021  Notes  P'000  P'000  Cost as at 01 April 2021  10  40,300  -  Depreciation charged for the year before classification as held for sale  10  (317)  -  Balance transferred from property, plant and equipment  39,983  Impairment on re-classification  18  (7,761)  -  Carrying amount classified to 'Held for Sale'  32,222  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

18

| 2022  2021  P'000  P'000  STATED CAPITAL  Balance  478,892  478,892  Authorised and issued capital  Authorised shares  1,050,000,000 (March 2021: 1,050,000,000 ) ordinary shares of no par value  478,892  478,892  Ordinary shares issued and fully paid  1,050,000,000 (March 2021: 1,050,000,000 ) ordinary shares of no par value  478,892  478,892  The holders of the ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are  entitled to one vote per share at the shareholder meetings of the Company.  Cash dividends on ordinary shares paid:  Final dividend for 2021 5.31 thebe per share : (2020: Nil )  55,755  -  Interim dividend for 2022  3.67 ( 2021 3.13 ) thebe per share  38,535  32,865  94,290  32,865   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The dividend is paid net of 10% withholding tax as per the Botswana Income Tax Act.

BTC shares are only available to the following:

a) natural persons who are citizens of Botswana b) corporate entities registered or operating in Botswana which are wholly citizen owned; or

c) unincorporated associations, partnerships, and investment funds (whether managed directly or by institutional investors registered in Botswana) which are wholly citizen owned; or

d) trusts whose ultimate beneficiaries are all Botswana citizens; or e) Local pension funds managed by institutional investors registered in Botswana; or

f) any other entities operating in Botswana which are wholly citizen owned; or g) entities (whether or not falling into categories ii, iii or iv above) which are wholly citizen owned which manage investment funds for the benefit of citizens only.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 19 REVALUATION RESERVE

20

| 2022  2021  P'000  P'000  Properties revaluation reserve (land and buildings)  Balance at the beginning of the year  382,363  347,603  Depreciation transfer for land and buildings  (14,934)  (16,847)  Revaluation during the year  -  51,607  Impairment on assets held for sale (net of tax)  (6,054)  -  Balance at the end of the year  361,375  382,363  Total other reserves  361,375  382,363  DEVELOPMENT GRANTS  Balance at the beginning of the year  27 ,173  58,163  Additions for the year  3,465  -  Recognised as income during the year (note 4)  (21,235)  (30,990)  Balance at the end of the year  9,403  27 ,173  Comprising:  Current portion of development grant  860  21,580  Non-Current portion of development grant  8,543  5,593  9,403  27 ,173   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Nteletsa projects

The cumulative grants received to end of March 2022 are P509,325,984 (March 2021: P509,325,984). These grants are for the purpose of funding the Company's expansion in rural districts in terms of National Development Plan 8  called  Nteletsa projects.

The portion of the grants recognised as income during the year is based on the useful life of plant and equipment which was funded by the above grants.

## Universal Access and Service Fund

In  the  2018  financial  year,  an  agreement  was  reached  with  the  Universal  Access  and  Service  Fund  (USAF)  for  the  upgrade  of  the telecommunications base stations to 3G or better and provision of Broadband connectivity in government schools in the Ghanzi district. The total grant received is P8 604 318.

In the current financial year, another  agreement with the USAF was reached for the provision of Broadband and voice networks to villages and Broadband internet connectivity to government schools in the North East district. The total grant receivable is P19 861 374, vat inclusive of which P3 464 878 (excluding vat) has been recieved in accordance with the grant agreement.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  P'000  P'000  ## 21 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES  Trade payables  119,049  87,301  Contract liabilities  13,522  19,534  Deferred revenue  15,364  23,755  Interconnection balances  5,231  7 ,642  Mobile money balances  36,948  40,502  Accruals and other payables  103,173  96,205  293,287  274,939  Categorisation into:  Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost  259,850  231,650  Non financial  33,437  43,289  293,287  274,939  Comprising:  Trade and other payables  279,765  255,405  Contract liabilities  13,522  19,534  293,287  274,939   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Trade payables and accrued expenses are non-interest bearing and are normally settled on 30-60 day terms and are not secured. Other payables  are non-interest bearing and have an average settlement date of three months and are not secured.

Contract liabilities are recognised when BTC has received advance payment for goods and services that  have not been transferred to the customer. The contract liabilities primarily relate to the advance consideration received from customers for customer contracts on goods and services which are not distinct performance obligations.

The following table provides information about contract liabilities from contracts with customers:

| Current  8,150  9,620  Non-Current  5,372  9,914  Total contract liabilities - IFRS 15  13,522  19,534  Contract liabilities - deferred revenue  15,364  23,755   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Significant changes in the contract liabilities

Significant  changes  in  the  contract  assets  and  the  contract  liabilities  balances  during  the  period  are  as follows. The  table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the current reporting period relates to carried forward contract liabilities and how much relates to performance obligations that were satisfied in the prior periods.

Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liability balance at the beginning of the period

| 10,757  5,956  10,757  5,956   |
|--------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 21 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (Continued)

Interconnection balances relate to terminating charges owing on BTC outgoing calls to international operators and for other local  mobile networks. These are settled on a 30-90 day term and are not secured. Included in accruals and other payables is the mobile deferred revenue amounting to P15 364  000 (Mar 2021: P23 755 000).

## 22 EMPLOYEE RELATED PROVISIONS

| Leave Pay  Gratuity  Other  Total  P'000  P'000  P'000  P'000  Balance at 1 April 2020  22,536  12,622  1,549  36,707  Charged to employee expenses  3,036  8,173  15,805  27 ,014  Utilised  (3,198)  (10,282)  2,467  (11,013)  Balance at 31 March 2021  22,374  10,513  19,821  52,708  Charged to employee expenses  1,929  4,363  19,424  25,716  Utilised  (2,254)  (6,882)  (31,802)  (40,938)  Balance at 31 March 2022  22,049  7,994  7,443  37,486   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2022  2021  Comprising:  P'000  P'000  Current liabilities  29,492  42,195  Non-current liabilities  7 ,994  10,513  37 ,486  52,708   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Employee related provisions comprise of leave pay, gratuity and other. In terms of BTC policy, employees are entitled to accumulate vested leave benefits. Of the leave days earned in respect of any period of  twelve (12) months, not less than eight (8) days shall be taken no later than six months immediately after the period in respect of which leave is earned.  This leave shall be forfeited if not taken. Gratuities are normally paid at the end of an employee's contract which in the case of BTC  is between 1 to 5 years.

## 23.1 Income tax

| 2022  2021  Notes  P'000  P'000  Opening balance  641  13,100  Charge for the period  8  -  -  Closing balance  (810)  (641)  Net cash (paid) / received  (169)  12,459   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 23.2 Deferred Taxation - Restated

| 31 March 2022  Net balance as  at 01 April 2021  Recognised in  profit  or loss  Recognised in  equity  Closing balance as  at year end  Restated  P'000  P'000  P'000  P'000  Deductible temporary differences  Property, plant and equipment  (36,365)  36,365  -  -  Accrued Income  (6,423)  2,117  -  (4,306)  Contract liabilities  (4,298)  1,323  (2,975)  Expected credit losses (ECL)  (32,762)  569  -  (32,193)  Leases  (3,379)  (390)  -  (3,769)  Unutilised tax losses  (68,600)  (22,073)  -  (90,673)  Taxable temporary differences  Property, plant and equipment  -  16,674  -  16,674  Indefeasible right of use (IRU)  48,763  3,969  -  52,732  Contract assets  2,778  55  -  2,833  Prepayments  3,156  1,635  -  4,791  Revaluation surplus  110,309  -  (1,707)  108,602  Unrealised foreign exchange loss / (gain)  2,560  1,364  -  3,924  15,739  41,608  (1,707)  55,640  31 March  2021 (Restated)  Net balance as  at 01 April 2020  Recognised in  profit or loss  Recognised  in equity  Closing balance  as at year end  Restated  Restated  Deductible temporary differences  Property, plant and equipment  (85,596)  49,231  -  (36,365)  Contract liabilities  -  (4,298)  -  (4,298)  Accrued Income  (5,984)  (439)  -  (6,423)  Expected credit losses (ECL)  (44,375)  11,613  -  (32,762)  Leases  (1,871)  (1,508)  -  (3,379)  Unutilised tax losses  (37 ,233)  (31,367)  -  (68,600)  Taxable temporary differences  Indefeasible right of use (IRU)  45,569  3,194  -  48,763  Contract liabilities  -  2,778  -  2,778  Prepayments  1,192  1,964  -  3,156  Revaluation surplus  98,042  -  12,267  110,309  Unrealised foreign exchange loss / (gain)  2,805  (245)  -  2,560  (27,451)  30,923  12,267  15,739   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 23.2 Deferred Taxation - Restated (Continued)

The Company has tax losses amounting to P406 million (March 2021; P307 million), emanating from normal business operations and the losses have been fully recognised for deferred tax purposes based on the recoverability assessment done. The tax losses can be carried forward for the next 5 years.

There are no un-recognised deferred tax assets and liabilities as at current or previous reporting date.

| Below is the analysis of the tax losses  2020  2021  2022  P'000  P'000  P'000  Loss brought forward  -  161,957  306,961  Loss for the year  161,957  145,004  98,687  Utilised in current year  -  -  -  Time expired  -  -  -  Loss carried forward  161,957  306,961  405,648   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The 2020, 2021 and 2022 losses are set to expire in 2025, 2026 and 2027 respectively unless utilised before expiry date. Recoverability assesments have been done indicating that the amounts will be fully utlised before the respective expiry dates.

| 2022  2021  P'000  P'000  24  CAPITAL COMMITMENTS  Contracted but not paid  48,302  23,157  Authorised but not contracted  87,004  131,255  Total capital commitments  135,306  154,412   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

These commitments will be financed by development grants and internally generated funds.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 25 CORRECTION OF PRIOR PERIOD ERRORS

## Accounting for PABX Finance Lease Transactions.

PABX is evaluated as a separate perfromance obligation and revenue is recognised upfront even though billed as a fixed monthly rental over the contract period. The related cost of PABX should have been expensed as cost of sales in the  statement of profit and loss however it was being erroneously capitalised to property, plant and equipment. The restatement has been done to ensure recognition and measurement of costs related to PABX equipment are in accordance with IFRS 15 : Revenue from contracts with customers paragraph 98 which indicates that an entity shall recognise the costs  that  relate  to  satisfied  performance  obligations  as an expense.

The error is being corrected by restating the respective prior year periods  and the impact of such restatement is set out below;

## Extract from the statements of financial position.

| As at 31 March 2021  As previously  reported  Cumulative adjustments to March 2021  Restated  P'000  Opening  Current year  Total  P'000  Property, plant and equipment  1,610,179  (40,986)  1,931  (39,055)  1,571,124  Total assets  1,610,179  (40,986)  1,931  (39,055)  1,571,124  Accumulated profits  1,410,462  (31,969)  1,506  (30,463)  1,379,999  Deferred tax liability  24,331  (9,017)  425  (8,592)  15,739  Equity and liabilities  1,434,793  (40,986)  1,931  (39,055)  1,395,738  As at 31 March 2020  As previously  reported  Adjustments  Restated  P'000  P'000  P'000  Property, plant and equipment  1,550,371  (40,986)  1,509,385  Deferred tax assets  18,434  9,017  27,451  Total assets  1,568,805  (31,969)  1,536,836  Accumulated profits  1,290,068  (31,969)  1,258,099  Equity  1,290,068  (31,969)  1,258,099   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 25 CORRECTION OF PRIOR PERIOD ERRORS (continued)

## Extract from the statements of profit or loss and other  comprehensive income for the year ended 31 March 2021

| As previously reported  Adjustments  Restated  P'000  P'000  P'000  Cost of services and goods sold  594,446  (1,931)  592,515  Gross profit  831,963  1,931  833,894  Profit  before tax  166,910  1,931  168,841  Income tax expense  (30,498)  (425)  (30,923)  Profit for the year  136,412  1,506  137 ,918   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Extract from the statements of cash flows for the year ended 31 March 2021

| As previously reported  Adjustments  Restated  P'000  P'000  P'000  Profit before tax  166,910  1,931  168,841  Adjustment for non cash movements:  Depreciation of property, plant and  equipment  203,109  (18,848)  184,261  Operating cash flows  before working  capital changes  481,552  (16,917)  464,635  Cash flow used in Investing activities;  Purchase of property, plant and  equipment  (198,967)  16,917  (182,050)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 26 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

## Relationships

| Shareholder with  54.16% ownership Members of the Board of Directors Members of Key management  Government of Botswana Refer to General information Page 3 Anthony Masunga Boitumelo Paya Aldrin Sivako Edward Wicks Abel Bogatsu Peter Olyn Lebudi Kgetse Same Kgosiemang Boitumelo Masoko Mmamotse Wilkinson Sidney Mganga Malebogo Mosinyi Nelson Disang Kutlo Mokgosana   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Directors, Management and employees shareholdings

The Company has employees who hold shares that were purchased on the open market.  857 488 shares (March 2021: 814 488) were held by certain members of the Board of Directors and  508 700 (March 2021: 508 700) shares were held by certain members of key management.

## Trading transactions

The following related party transactions were based on agreed prices as per signed contracts:

| Billing  Balance due  2022  2021  2022  2021  P'000  P'000  P'000  P'000  Sales and outstanding balances due from related parties  The Government of the Republic of Botswana  490,152  376,057  93,469  106,645  Parastatals  393,328  130,366  2,995  40,873  883,480  506,423  96,464  147,518  Purchases and outstanding balances due to related parties  Parastatals  309,768  302,937  19,512  17,900   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 26 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

## Terms and conditions of transactions with related parties

The sales to and purchases from related parties are the rendering or receiving of services between a party related to the Company. In general BTC uses a cost plus a variable margin in the pricing model applied.  Outstanding balances at the year end are unsecured, interest free and settlement occurs in cash. There have been no guarantees provided or received for any related party receivables or payables.

For the year ended 31 March 2022, the Company recognised provision for expected credit losses of P11 851 207 relating to amounts owed by related parties (2021: P8 019 310).

## BTC Foundation Corporate Social Investment

BTC established the BTC Foundation in 2014 to coordinate and deliver the Group's Corporate Social Investment  initiatives. The Foundation was governed by a Board of Trustees. Their main focus was to support community projects that are aligned to the following focus areas; health, sports development; education, arts and culture.

During the year under review, the Trust was dissolved and the unexpended cash balances of P475,040 were transferred to BTC (March 2021 unexpended cash balances of P533 850).

## Individually significant transactions

## Global Connectivity projects (EASSY and WACS)

The Government of Botswana owed BTC  P9,455,478 (Mar 2021: P9,455,478) for payments which were made on behalf of the Government towards procuring the Indefeasible right of use (IRU).  BTC is now leasing network capacity from BoFiNet on agreed upon prices per signed contract. The balance was disputed  and the amount was fully impaired as at 31 March 2015 as per the requirements of IAS 24.18.

The amount was written off fully in the current financial year.

## BoFiNet (Botswana Fibre Network)

BoFiNet is a wholesale provider of national and international telecommunication infrastructure and has offered BTC an IRU worth P340 million for 10 years up to 2024. The P340 million has been fully paid.

In the 2019 financial year, BTC entered into a second 15 year IRU agreement with BoFiNet for P555 million. A discount of P98 million was obtained and payment terms agreed for the P457 million up to 2029. Unlike the first IRU, this particular agreement gives BTC unlimited capacity up to an aggregate of 300Gbps.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 26 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

## 26.1 IRU liability

A financial liability equiavalent to the fair value of the discounted future payments to 2029 was recognised under the second agreement and will be written over the agreement with payments made as per agreed payment plan. Interest expense is to be recognised in the profit and loss over period.

As the first agreement was fully paid for, no liability has been recognised.

| 2022  2021  P'000  P'000  At beginning of the year  236,866  289,589  Repayments during the period  (70,000)  (70,000)  Accretion of interest  13,746  17,277  As at end of the period  180,612  236,866  Comprising:  Current liabilities  60,022  56,389  Non-current liabilities  120,590  180,477  180,612  236,866   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## IRU asset

The second agreement was negotiated over the first agreement  therefore inextricably interwoven. The Company evaluated that the second IRU replaced the first agreement and accordingly a single asset was recognised comprising the fair value of the liability recognised and the remaining un-amortised cost emanating from the first agreement.

The asset recognised is  amortised on a straight-line basis over the 15-year period during which the agreement is effective.

| 2022  2021  P'000  P'000  At beginning of the year  458,514  496,723  Amortisation during the year  (38,209)  (38,209)  At end of the year  420,305  458,514   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

BoFiNet services licensed telco Operators both Nationally and Internationally. Botswana Government has acquired stakes in the EASSy and WACS submarine cables, which are managed by BoFiNet.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  P'000  P'000  ## 26 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)  Compensation of key management personnel Compensation  25,177  19,267  25,177  19,267   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The remuneration for key management staff is determined by the Human Resource Remuneration and Nominations Committee. The non-executive members of the Board do not receive pension entitlement from the Company .

## Directors' Interests

| ## Emoluments per director  (in Pula)  (2022)  Director  Fees  Remuneration  Gratuity &amp; Leave  Pay  Bonus  Fringe and  other benefits  Total  Anthony Masunga (Managing Director)  -  2,607,056  2,979,610  360,000  29,009  5,975,675  Lorato  Boakgomo-Ntakhwana  248,500  -  -  -  -  248,500  Maclean Letshwiti  155,000  -  -  -  -  155,000  Serty Leburu  65,000  -  -  -  -  65,000  Andrew Reginald Johnson  195,000  -  -  -  -  195,000  Ranjith Priyalal De Silva  199,000  -  -  -  -  199,000  Bafana Molomo  195,000  -  -  -  -  195,000  Thari Pheko  215,000  -  -  -  -  215,000  Gaone Macholo  153,000  -  -  -  -  153,000  Thato Kewakae  50,000  -  -  -  -  50,000  Total emoluments paid  1,475,500  2,607,056  2,979,610  360,000  29,009  7 ,451,175   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Gratuity paid during the year for the 5 year contract that ended in December 2021.

## Directors' Interests

## Emoluments per director  (in Pula)  (2021)

| Director  Fees  Remuneration  Gratuity &amp; Leave  Pay  Bonus  Fringe and  other benefits  Total  Anthony Masunga (Managing Director)  -  2,455,345  -  -  27,816  2,483,161  Lorato  Boakgomo-Ntakhwana  195,000  -  -  -  -  195,000  Maclean Letshwiti  125,000  -  -  -  -  125,000  Choice Pitso  37,000  -  -  -  -  37 ,000  Serty Leburu  115,000  -  -  -  -  115,000  Andrew Reginald Johnson  145,000  -  -  -  -  145,000  Ranjith Priyalal De Silva  187,000  -  -  -  -  187,000  Bafana Molomo  185,000  -  -  -  -  185,000  Thari Pheko  135,000  -  -  -  -  135,000  Gaone Macholo  72,000  -  -  -  -  72,000  Total emoluments paid  1,196,000  2,455,345  -  -  27,816  3,679,161   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 27 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

## 27.1 Financial risk management objectives and policies

The Company's principal financial liabilities are  trade payables, IRU liability and lease liabilities. The main purpose of these financial liabilities is to raise finance for the Company's operations. The Company has various financial assets such as trade receivables and cash and short-term deposits, which arise directly from its operations.

The main risks arising from the Company's financial instruments are interest rate risk, liquidity risk, foreign currency risk and credit risk. The Board of Directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks which are summarised below.

Exposure to currency, liquidity, interest rate and credit risk arises in the normal course of the Company's business.

## 27.2 Currency risk:

The Company undertakes certain transactions denominated in foreign currencies with international operators and other foreign suppliers. Hence, exposure to exchange rate fluctuations arise. The carrying amount of the Company's foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary liabilities at the reporting date are as follows (the analysis below gives a combined impact of assets and liabilities):

| March 2022  AUD  EUR  USD  ZAR  GBP  BWP  Total  Note  P'000  P'000  P'000  P'000  P'000  P'000  P'000  Closing exchange rate  0.1125  0.0755  0.0845  1.2170  15.5635  1.0000  Trade Payables  21  18  12,755  35,456  9,405  16  61,400  119,049  Interconnection balances  21  -  138  1,350  -  -  3,743  5,231  Total Liabilities  18  12,893  36,805  9,405  16  65,143  124,280  Interconnect balances  15  -  9  1,222  -  -  12,187  13,418  Cash and cash equivalents  16  -  22  1,119  9,388  -  509,913  520,442  Total assets  -  31  2,341  9,388  -  522,100  533,860  Net Position  18  12,862  34,465  17  16  (456,957)  (409,580)  March 2021  AUD  EUR  USD  ZAR  GBP  BWP  Total  P'000  P'000  P'000  P'000  P'000  P'000  P'000  Closing exchange rate  0.1305  0.0735  0.0865  1.2905  15.8575  1.0000  Trade Payables  21  -  7 ,089  30,049  2,044  76  48,043  87 ,301  Interconnection balances  21  -  169  1,917  -  -  5,556  7 ,642  Total Liabilities  -  7 ,258  31,966  2,044  76  53,599  94,943  Interconnect balances  15  -  7  12,371  -  -  1,709  14,087  Cash and cash equivalents  16  -  90  9,702  11,515  -  341,966  363,273  Total assets  -  97  22,073  11,515  -  343,675  377,360  Net Position  -  7,161  9,893  (9,471)  76  (290,076)  (282,417)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company's currency risk exposure emanates from liabilities that were yet to be settled as at year end and mainly cash holdings denominated in foreign currencies.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 27 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

## 27.3 Foreign Currency sensitivity analysis

The Company is mainly exposed to the currencies of South Africa (Rand), the United States (US Dollar) and the European Union (Euro).

The following table details the Company's sensitivity to a 10% increase and decrease in the Pula against the relevant foreign currencies. 10% is the sensitivity rate when reporting foreign currency risk internally to key management personnel and represents management's assessment of the reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the period end for a 10% change in foreign currency rates. A positive number below indicates an  increase in profit.

The analysis below gives a combined impact of assets and liabilities.

## Pre Tax Profit/(Loss)

| 2022  2021  10% decrease  P'000  P'000  Rand  (2)  (204)  United States Dollar  (3,446)  (1,960)  Australian Dollar  (2)  -  Net Effect  (3,450)  (2,164)  10% increase  Rand  2  204  United States Dollar  3,446  1,960  Australian Dollar  2  -  Net Effect  3,450  2,164   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27.4 Credit Risk

Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations.

## Trade receivables

The Company applies the IFRS 9 simplified model of recognising lifetime expected credit losses for all trade receivables as these items do not have a significant financing component.  In measuring the expected credit losses, the trade receivables have been assessed on a collective basis as they possess shared credit risk characteristics. They have been grouped based on days past due.

In determining the level of likely credit losses on write-off of trade receivables, the Company has taken cognisance of historical collections from external debt collection processes and delayed settlement arrangements with debtors, as well as the impact which the expected future  development  of  macro-economic  indicators  (specifically  the    impact  of  Covid-19)  may  have  on  future  collection  and  default  rat es.

At 31 March 2022, the ECL provision was P122 707 000 (Mar 2021: P130 064 000)

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 27 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

## 27.4 Credit Risk (Continued)

Trade receivables are considered irrecoverable where

- the customer has not made any payment within 90 days from the date of invoice (at which stage amounts are considered in full default),
- no alternative payment arrangements have been made, or if made, are not being adhered to by the customer;

• alternative collection efforts (mainly through external debt collection agencies) have failed and;

• the amounts in question are disputed.

## Cash &amp; cash equivalents

Credit risk from balances with banks and financial institutions is managed by the Company's treasury department in accordance with the Company's policy. The credit risk on liquid funds is low because the counterparties are commercial banks with high credit ratings assigned by international credit-rating agencies.

## Significant concentrations of credit risk

The Company has identified the below  significant credit risk exposure as single counterparties or groups of counterparties having similar characteristics. The Company defines counterparties as having similar characteristics if they are related entities and this includes sectors such Corporate clients, Government clients, etc. The credit risk related to these counterparties or groups of counterparties is however limited since the counterparties are Government agencies or businesses possessing an implied high credit ratings.

Below is the significant concentration of credit risk per counterparty: Government agencies and entities: P96 464 000 (2021: P147 518 000) Short term deposits with financial institutions: P398 857 000 (2021: P223 506 000)

The carrying amount of the financial assets recorded in the financial statements, which is net of impairment losses, represents the Company's maximum exposure to credit risk. The Company holds no collateral with which to secure its financial assets.

| Financial assets and other credit exposures (Not rated)  2022  2021  P'000  P'000  Trade debtors including those from related parties  359,806  352,666  Short term call deposits  398,857  223,506  Cash and bank  121,585  139,767  880,248  715,939   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27.5 Financial instruments designated at fair value through profit and loss

At the reporting date the Company held no financial instruments designated at fair value through profit and loss (FVTPL).

## 27.6 Financial assets held or pledged as collateral

At the reporting date the Company held $60,000 received from a counterparty as security for potential bad debts. The Company had not pledged any of its financial assets as collateral.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 27 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

| ## 27.7 Interest income by financial instrument category  Financial  assets at  amortised  cost  P'000  March 2022  Interest income  18,796  Interest income  18,796  March 2021  Interest income  6,360  Interest income  6,360   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27.8 Liquidity and interest risk management

Liquidity risk is the risk that an entity will encounter difficulty in meeting obligations associated with financial liabilities.

Management has built an appropriate liquidity risk management framework for the management of the Company's short, medium and long-term funding and liquidity management requirements. Liquidity risk is managed by maintaining adequate reserves, banking facilities and reserve borrowing facilities, by continuously monitoring forecast and actual cash flows and matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities.

The following table details the Company's remaining contractual  maturity of its financial liabilities. The tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Company can be required to pay. The table includes both interest and principal cash flows.

| Less than  1 - 3  3 months  1 month  months  to 1 year  1 - 5 years  5+ years  Total  Financial Liabilities  P'000  P'000  P'000  P'000  P'000  P'000  2022  Trade and other payables  -  277,923  -  -  -  277,923  IRU liability  -  17,500  52,500  105,200  34,800  Lease liabilities  2,084  6,268  16,715  66,821  89,401  181,289  2,084  301,691  69,215  172,021  124,201  669,212  Financial Liabilities  Less than  1 - 3  3 months  2021  1 month  months  to 1 year  1 - 5 years  5+ years  Total  P'000  P'000  P'000  P'000  P'000  P'000  Trade and other payables  -  251,184  -  -  251,184  IRU liability  -  17,500  52,500  57,800  52,200  280,000  Lease liabilities  2,129  6,356  16,726  72,402  101,778  199,391  2,129  275,040  69,226  230,202  153,978  730,575   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company maintains an overdraft facility with Standard Chartered Bank Botswana Limited. At 31 March 2022, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of P470 million (2021: P363 million).

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 27 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

## 27.9 Interest rate sensitivity analysis

Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. The Company's exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relate to the fixed deposits and call deposits with financial institutions.

To manage interest rate risk, the Company enters into fixed deposits with financial institutions, in which the Company accrues interest at specified intervals.

The table below has been determined based on the exposure of financial instruments to interest rates at the reporting date. For variable rate assets, the analysis is prepared assuming the amount of the assets held at the reporting date was outstanding for the whole year. A 1% increase or decrease is used when reporting interest rate risk internally to key management personnel and represents management's assessment of the reasonably possible change in interest rates.

If the market interest rates had been 1% higher/lower and all other variables were held constant, the change in the Company's profit and equity reserves would be as shown in the table below:

| Increase/  (decease)  in pre tax  profit/  (loss) for  the year  2022  P'000  Interest rate risk  Change in interest rate  +1%  3,989  -1%  (3,989)  2021  Interest rate risk  Change in interest rate  +1%  2,235  -1%  (2,235)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27.10 Fair values

Set out below is a comparison, by class, of the carrying amount and fair values of the Company's financial instruments:

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| ## 27 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)  ## 27.10 Fair values (Continued)  2022  Financial assets  Carrying  amount  Fair value  Note  P'000  P'000  Trade and other receivables  15  155,760  155,760  Cash and cash equivalents  16  520,442  520,442  676,202  676,202  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  21  259,850  259,850  IRU liability  26  180,612  180,612  Lease liabilities  13  132,471  132,471  572,933  572,933  2021  Financial assets  Carrying  amount  Fair value  P'000  P'000  Trade and other receivables  15  150,387  150,387  Cash and cash equivalents  16  363,273  363,273  513,660  513,660  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  21  231,650  231,650  IRU liability  26  236,866  236,866  Lease liabilities  13  142,780  142,780  611,296  611,296   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Management assesed that the fair value of cash and cash equivalents and short term deposits, trade and other receivables, trade payables and other current liabilities approximate their carrying amounts largely due to the short term maturities of these instruments.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 27 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

## 27.11 Categories of Financial Assets and Liabilities

The table below summarises categories of financial assets and financial liabilities held by the Company.

| 2022  Financial assets  Note  Financial  assets at  amortised  cost  Financial  liabilities  measured at  amortised  cost  Total  P'000  P'000  P'000  Trade and other receivables  15  155,760  -  155,760  Cash and cash equivalents  16  520,442  -  520,442  Total financial assets  676,202  -  676,202  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  21  -  259,850  259,850  IRU liability  26  -  180,612  180,612  Lease liabilities  13  -  132,471  132,471  Total financial liabilities  -  572,933  572,933  2021  Financial assets  Financial  assets at  amortised  cost  Financial  liabilities  measured at  amortised  cost  Total  P'000  P'000  P'000  Trade and other receivables  15  150,387  -  150,387  Cash and cash equivalents  16  363,273  -  363,273  Total financial assets  513,660  -  513,660  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  21  -  231,650  231,650  IRU liability  26  -  236,866  236,866  Lease liabilities  13  -  142,780  142,780  Total financial liabilities  -  611,296  611,296   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 28 FAIR VALUE HIERACHY

The revalued land and buildings consist of:

1. Commercial properties (including certain urban network sites), light industrial and residential properties in the major urban areas in Botswana, and

2. Network sites located outside of the major urban areas in Botswana.

In the 2021 financial year,  the Directors revalued the Company's Land and Buildings. The 2021 revaluation of land and buildings was conducted in accordance with BTC's accounting policies as at 31 March 2021 by Vantage Properties (Proprietary) Limited, a real estate research and consulting firm registered with the Real Estates Institute of Botswana and Real Estates Advisory Council.

Scope of works required that BTC Properties be valued on the basis of open market value, forced sale value, insurance replacement cost and the leasehold interest in the properties as at the valuation date. The valuation covered both remote and physical inspections.

In terms of the company policy land and buildings are revalued every 3 years. The valuation covers the four existing categories of land and buildings namely land, land improvements, buildings and building improvements. Valuation is performed separately for each category.

Management determined that these constitute one class of assets under IFRS 13, based on the nature,  location (urban vs rural) and conditions of the specific property. Fair value of the properties was determined using the comparable market valuation method. As at the date of revaluation on 31 March 2021, the properties fair values were based on valuations performed by Vantage Properties (Proprietary) Limited, a real estate research and consulting firm with experience in valuing similar properties in Botswana.

| Assets measured at Fair Value  Significant unobservable  inputs (level 3)  2022  2021  Note  P'000  P'000  Land &amp; Buildings  10  538,944  587,961  The significant unobservable valuation inputs were:  Total square  meters  Total Fair  Value  Total Fair  Value  Land &amp; Buildings  Urban areas  209,163  471,733  514,637  Rural areas  566,424  67 ,211  73,324   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Changes in the comparable market values would result in following changes in fair value;

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 28 FAIR VALUE HIERACHY (continued)

| Increase/  Increase/  (decease)  (decease)  in fair value  in fair value  P'000  P'000  Change in;  Urban areas  +5%  23,587  24,545  -5%  (23,587)  (24,545)  Rural areas  +5%  3,361  3,666  -5%  (3,361)  (3,666)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Valuation techniques used to derive level 3 fair values

The comparable market valuation method was used to value land, land improvements, buildings and  building improvements in urban areas and land in rural areas. Valuation inputs as disclosed above are for the comparable market valuation method. Rural land improvements were valued on the basis of the replacement cost of the land improvements.

## 29 CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT

The Company manages its capital to ensure continuity as a going concern for the Company  while at the same time maximising the shareholders' return through the optimisation of the debt and equity balances. The Company has access to financing facilities, the total unused portion amounting to P8.2 million (2021: P7.3 million) at the reporting date. The Company expects to meet its other obligations from operating cash flows and the proceeds of maturing financial assets.  The capital structure of the Company consists of trade and other payables, share capital, reserves and retained earnings.

| Restated  2022  2021  Debt  P'000  P'000  Trade and other payables  293,287  274,939  Lease liabilities  132,471  142,780  IRU liability  180,612  236,866  Total debt  606,370  654,585  Equity  Stated Capital  478,892  478,892  Revaluation reserve  361,375  382,363  Accumulated profits  1,441,428  1,379,999  Total equity  2,281,695  2,241,254  Total capital  2,888,065  2,895,839  Gearing ratio  27%  29%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Total capital is derived by adding total equity and total debt less cash and short term deposits.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 30 SEGMENT REPORTING

In 2016, BTC refreshed its  fixed, mobile and fixed mobile convergence strategy in order  to bring synergy in its business operations. Both identifiable fixed and mobile business units were brought together to share resources including human capital. Therefore  operating expenses, assets, liabilities are reported on an overall basis for the Company given the integrated nature of the Company's business. Management tracks revenue streams on the basis as outlined in note 1.

All operations take place in Botswana. There are therefore no identifiable geographical segments.

## 31 CHANGE FROM GROUP TO COMPANY

On 27th of August 2020, the Board of Directors of the Company resolved that the BTC Foundation "the Foundation", a wholly owned entity, which was registered as a trust  be de-registered and dissolved. The Board of Trustees of the Foundation resolved on the 19th of April 2021 that the Foundation be dissolved and the Deed of cancellation of the Trust was executed on the 21st of September 2021.

At dissolution the Foundation had an unexpended cash balance of P475,040 and had undertaken no activities during the year. The balances were assumed into the Company. The Company has decided to not consolidate the results of Foundation as there was no financial activity in the year and the unexpended cash balances at dissolution were not material. The bank balances in the prior year amounted to P533 850. There is therefore no Group reporting for the current financial year, and accordingly no comparatives have been presented.

## 32 CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

BTC had contingent liabilities at 31 March 2022 of P3.07 million  in respect of several cases mostly relating to unlawful dismissal cases.  BTC has disclaimed liability and is defending all actions. It is impractical to estimate the potential financial effect of these claims but legal advice indicates that it is not probable that a significant liability will arise. All matters are currently before the courts of law and BTC considers it probable that judgments in some of the matters would be in its favour.

The Company is also subject to telecommunications regulations and has complied with all regulations. There are no contingencies associated with the Company's compliance or lack of compliance with such regulations.

## 33 EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

## Dividends

The directors have declared that a further dividend  of 5.04 thebe be paid for the financial year ended 31 March 2022.

## Corporate Restructuring

The Board of Directors on 25 April 2022 approved a plan for restructuring. The plan was annouced on 27 May 2022 and the exercise is expected to be completed within the same financial year. At this stage an estimate of the financial effect of the restructuring exercise cannot be made. The Company has determined that this event is a non-adjusting subsequent event. Accordingly, the financial position and results of operations for the year ended 31 March 2022 have not been adjusted to reflect the impact of the exercise.

There have been no other events, facts or circumstances of a material nature that have occurred subsequent to the reporting date which necessitate an adjustment to the disclosure in these annual financial statements or the notes thereto.

224 |

## Shareholder Information

Botswana Telecommunications Corporation

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| Shareholder Analysis  Notice of AGM  Proxy Form  Notes to Form of Proxy   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SHARE ANALYSIS - ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS

| Shareholders  Shares held  Number of holders  % of holders  Shares held  % of issued shares  1-2000  25,326  59.86%  31,218,081  2.97%  2001-5000  9,134  21.59%  38,186,585  3.64%  5,001-10,000  4,027  9.52%  36,971,049  3.52%  10,001- 50,000  2,921  6.90%  72,877,210  6.94%  50,001-100,000  470  1.11%  38,767,279  3.69%  100,001- 500,000  347  0.82%  82,450,774  7.85%  500,001 - 1,000,000  50  0.12%  37,010,932  3.52%  1000,001 - 100,000,000  32  0.08%  177,018,090  16.86%  over 100,000,000  1  0.00%  535,500,000  51.00%  Total  42,308  100.00%  1,050,000,000  100.00%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## TOP 25 SHAREHOLDERS

| NAME  HOLDINGS  %  BOTSWANA PRIVATISATION ASSET HOLDINGS  535,500,000  51.00%  BPOPF - ACTIVE MEMBERS AND DEFFERED PENSIONERS FNB BOTSWANA NOMINEES RE: BIFM - ACT MEM &amp; DP EQ  39,318,224  3.74%  GOVERNMENT OF BOTSWANA - MINISTRY OF TRANSPORT &amp; COMMUNICATIONS  33,230,800  3.16%  FNBB NOMINEES VUNANI BPOPF BOTSWANA PUBLIC PENSION FUND VUNANI  23,345,577  2.22%  FAROUK ISMAIL  9,895,412  0.94%  BOTSWANA PUBLIC OFFICERS PENSION FUND WITH PROFIT PORTFOLIO-MCP STANBIC NOMINEES BOTSWANA RE  BPOPF WT PRO PORT MCP  8,679,810  0.83%  BOTSWANA POLICE SAVINGS AND LOANS GUARANTEE SCHEME  5,884,495  0.56%  BOTSWANA PRIVATISATION ASSET HOLDINGS (BPAH)  4,502,790  0.43%  MOTOR VEHICLE ACCIDENT FUND  4,232,400  0.40%  DITIRO CLEMENT LENTSWE  4,050,096  0.39%  STANBIC NOMINEES BOTSWANA RE INVESTEC DEBSWANA PENSION FUND NINETY-ONE-DEBSWANA PENSION  FUND(DOMESTIC EQUITIES  3,629,770  0.35%  VFM STANDARD CHARTERED BANK BOTSWANA PENSION FUND SCBN(PTY)LTD RE:STANLIB 028915000020  3,299,636  0.31%  FAROUK ISMAIL  3,284,652  0.31%  MBIGANYI  CHARLES TIBONE  3,226,051  0.31%  FNBBN (PTY) LTD RE:KGORI CAPITAL ALEXANDER FORBES RETIREMENT FUND ALEXANDER FORBES RETIREMENT  FUND  3,208,216  0.31%  SBBL O/A BIFM MARKET LINKED FUND STANBIC NOMINEES BOTSWANA RE BIFM MLF  3,136,190  0.30%  FNB BOTSWANA NOMINEES (PTY)  LTD RE:IAM BBDCSPF BANK OF BOTSWANA DEFFERED CONTRIBUTION STAFF  PENSI  2,472,094  0.24%  BIFM RE UNIVERSITY OF BOTSWANA DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PENSION FUND SCBN (PTY) LTD RE: BIFM  028914400011  2,098,092  0.20%  SIMON HIRSCHFELD  2,051,934  0.20%  MORULA RE DEBSWANA PENSION FUND STANBIC NOMINEES BOTSWANA RE MORULA RE DPF  1,898,038  0.18%  JOSEPH KGOTLAETSILE MOLEMI  1,688,199  0.16%  FAIZEL ISMAIL  1,369,513  0.13%  BAITSENG DIRENG  1,330,842  0.13%  REGINAH DUMILANO SIKALESELE  1,312,256  0.12%  FNB BOTSWANA NOMINEES (PTY)  LTD RE:KGORI CAPITAL - AON AGRESSIVE PORTFOLIO   AON AGGRESSIVE  PORTFOLIO  1,266,258  0.12%  OTHERS  346,088,655  32.96%  TOTAL  1,050,000,000  100.00%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

## SHAREHOLDING CATEGORIES

| Shareholders  Shares held  Category  Number  %  Number  %  Corporate bodies  363  0.86%  38,587,500  3.68%  Nominees companies  54  0.13%  106,636,547  10.16%  Private individuals  41,883  99.00%  331,182,363  31.54%  Trusts  5  0.01%  360,000  0.03%  Non Public shareholders  3  0.01%  573,233,590  54.59%  TOTAL  42,308  100%  1,050,000,000  100%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTICE OF THE 2022 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

Notice is hereby given that the 2022 Annual General Meeting of BOTSWANA TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION LIMITED ('BTC') will be held by means of audio or audio and visual communication in  Gaborone,  Botswana  on Tuesday,  27th  September  2022  at  09:00hrs,  to  transact  the  following business:

## Agenda:

## ORDINARY BUSINESS

1. To read the notice convening the meeting.

## 2. Ordinary Resolution No.1

## Presentation of Annual Financial Statements and report

To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Financial Statements for the year ended 31st March 2022, together with the Report of the Auditors and Report of the Audit Committee as contained in the annual report.

## 3. Ordinary Resolution No.2

## Dividends

To approve a full and final dividend of 8.71 thebe per share that was declared by the Directors and paid by the Company.

## 4. Ordinary Resolution No.3

## Re- election of directors of the Company

To re-elect by way of separate vote the following Directors of the company, who retire by rotation in terms of Clause 17.4.1 of the Constitution and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election.

- 4.1 Mr. Ranjith Priyalal De Silva
- 4.2 Mr. Andrew Johnson

Brief CVs in respect of each director offering themselves for re-election are contained in the annual report.

The Board recommends the re-election of these directors.

## 5. Ordinary Resolution No.4

## Retirement of a director

To note the retirement of the following Director from the company.

- 5.1 Ms. Gaone Macholo

## 6. Ordinary Resolution No.5

## Remuneration of Non-Executive Directors

- 6.1 To consider and approve the remuneration paid to Non-Executive Directors of the Company for the year ended 31st March 2022 as reflected on page 79 of the Annual Report.

## NOTICE OF THE 2022 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (CONTINUED)

- 6.2 To approve the proposed remuneration of Non-Executive Directors for the ensuing year as set in the table below:

| Role  Current Fees per meeting (BWP)  Proposed Fees per meeting (BWP)  Board Chairperson  15,000  19  , 000  Board Member  10,000  13  , 000  Sub-Committee Chairperson  12,000  15  , 000  Sub-Committee Member  10,000  13  , 000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7. Ordinary Resolution No.6

## Appointment of External Auditors

To  appoint  Deloitte  &amp;  Touché,  on  recommendation  of  the  Audit  and  Risk  Committee,  as  the independent registered auditors of the company for the ensuing year.

## 8. Ordinary Resolution No.7

## Remuneration of external auditors

To approve the remuneration paid to the external auditors, Deloitte &amp; Touché for the year ended 31st March 2022 as reflected on page 184 of the Annual Report.

## 9. Ordinary Resolution No.8

## Re-election of the members of the Audit and Risk Committee

To appoint or re-elect by way of separate vote, the following Non-Executive Directors as members of the Audit and Risk Committee:

- 9.1. Mr. Ranjith Priyalal De Silva

- 9.2. Mr. Bafana Molomo

- 9.3. Mr. Thari Pheko

- 9.4. Mr. Andrew Johnson

The members' appointment or re-election shall be effective from the conclusion of the annual general meeting at which this resolution is passed until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company.

Brief CVs in respect of each director offering themselves for appointment or re-election are contained in the annual report. The Board recommends the appointment and re-election of these directors to the Audit and Risk Committee.

## 10. Any Other Business

To  answer  any  questions  put  by  shareholders  in  respect  of  the  affairs  and  the  business  of  the company.

## NOTICE OF THE 2022 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (CONTINUED)

## 11. To close the meeting

## Voting and Proxies

A member entitled to attend and vote may appoint a proxy (who need not be a member of the company) to attend and vote for him/her on his/her behalf. The instrument appointing such a proxy must be lodged at or posted to the Transfer Secretaries at the below stated address not less than 48 hours before the meeting. Central Securities Depository Botswana, are authorized to receive and count postal votes.

## By Order of the Board

Company Secretary

## Transfer Secretaries

## Central Securities Depository Botswana

Private Bag 00417, Gaborone Physical address: Plot 70667, 4th Floor, Fairscape Precinct, Fairgrounds

Telephone: +267 367 4400 /11/12

## PROXY FORM

## IMPORTANT  INFORMATION  REGARDING  ATTENDANCE  AND  PARTICIPATION  AT  THE  ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF BOTSWANA TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION THAT WILL HELD BY MEANS OF AUDIO OR AUDIO AND VISUAL COMMUNICATION IN GABORONE ON 27 SEPTEMBER 2022 AT 09H00

Shareholders are reminded that the AGM 2022 will be held by way of electronic communication through Microsoft Teams at BTC Megaleng Head Office, Plot 50350, Gaborone, Botswana at 9am on Tuesday, 27 September 2022.

Persons who are registered as shareholders, in the registers of the Company at the Central Securities Depository Botswana shall be entitled to attend, participate and vote in person or by proxy at the AGM.

## ELECTRONIC PARTICIPATION

The Annual General Meeting will be held entirely through electronic communication, being audio or audio and visual communication through Microsoft Teams by which all Shareholders participating in the meeting will be able to simultaneously hear each other throughout the meeting, as provided for in section 109 of the Companies Act and section 3(b) of the Second Schedule to the Companies Act. The Company's Constitution also permits such electronic communication at a meeting of shareholders.

Shareholders who choose not to attend in person but seek to appoint a proxy to attend the meeting on their behalf can still submit their proxy forms. Proxy are to be delivered or sent by fax or by e-mail to the Transfer Secretaries ,  Central Securities Depository Botswana, Private Bag 00417, Gaborone, Plot 70667, 4th Floor, Fairscape Precinct, Fairgrounds, Telephone: +267 367 4400 /11/12 or Fax: +267 3180175 or e-mail: mpheto@bse.co.bw as provided for on the proxy form. Where a Shareholder has submitted a proxy from, the person attending on the Shareholder's behalf shall be presumed to vote in accordance with the instructions of voting set out in the proxy form.

Shareholders and the proxy of any Shareholder who wish to participate in the AGM 2022, will be required to submit the relevant duly completed Electronic Participation Form, which is annexed to this Notice together with relevant documents to our Transfer Secretaries, Central Securities Depository Botswana,  Private  Bag  00417,  Gaborone,  Plot  70667,  4th  Floor,  Fairscape  Precinct,  Fairgrounds, Telephone: +267 367 4400 /11/12 or Fax: +267 3180175 or e-mail: mpheto@bse.co.bw. Shareholders are strongly encouraged to complete the Electronic Participation Form their verification well ahead of time.

## PROXY FORM (CONTINUED)

Once the identity of a Shareholder seeking to attend the  meeting and the due authority of any person representing such Shareholder has been verified by Central Securities Depository, the person seeking to attend the AGM will be provided with details on how to join the AGM 2022 via Microsoft Teams.

## Voting and Proxies

A member entitled to attend and vote may appoint a proxy (who need not be a member of the company) to attend and vote for him/her on his/her behalf. The instrument appointing such a proxy must be lodged at or posted to the Transfer Secretaries at the below stated address not less than 48 hours before the meeting. Central Securities Depository Botswana, are authorized to receive and count postal votes.

## By Order of the Board Company Secretary

## Transfer Secretaries Central Securities Depository Botswana

Private Bag 00417, Gaborone Physical address: Plot 70667, 4th Floor, Fairscape Precinct, Fairgrounds Telephone: +267 367 4400 /11/12

## PROXY FORM (CONTINUED)

## ELECTRONIC PARTICIPATION FORM

Shareholders or their proxies who wish to participate in the AGM 2022 to be held at 9am on Tuesday, 27 September 2022 via electronic communication ('AGM Participant') must notify the Company by delivering this form to the office of the Transfer Secretaries, Central Securities Depository Botswana, Private Bag 00417, Gaborone, Plot 70667, 4th Floor, Fairscape Precinct, Fairgrounds, Telephone: +267 367 4400 /11/12 or Fax: +267 3180175 or e-mail: mpheto@bse.co.bw as soon as possible but not later than close of business of business on Monday, 26 September 2022.

Shareholders are strongly encouraged to complete their verification well ahead of time.

Each AGM Participant who has been successfully verified by Central Securities Depository will be provided details on how to join the AGM 2022 via Microsoft Teams. AGM Participants who are a proxy for a shareholder will be presumed to vote at the meeting in accordance with the instructions for voting set out on the proxy form.

Reference is made to the Notice of AGM and the below important information which must be completed regarding participation and voting at the AGM 2022:

| Name of registered shareholder  Omang/ID/Registration number of registered shareholder  Name and Contact details of CSDP or broker (if shares are held in dematerialised form)  Shareholder CSD account number/broker account number or own name account number or custodian account  number  Number of ordinary shares held  Full name of AGM 2022 Participant  Omang/ID number of AGM Participant  Email Address of AGM Participant  Cell phone number of AGM Participant   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

By signing this form/We agree and consent to the processing of my/our personal information above for purposes of participating in the AGM 2022 and acknowledge the following:

1. The cost of joining the AGM 2022 is for the expense of the AGM Participant. The AGM Participant is not permitted to share the link with a third party.
2. The Company, its agents and third party service providers cannot be held accountable and will not be obliged to make alternative arrangements in the vent of a loss or interruption of network activity or other network failure due to insufficient airtime, internet connectivity, internet bandwidth, power outages or any other circumstances which may prevent the AGM Participant or proxy holder from participating in the AGM 2022.

Signed this\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_day of September 2022

Signature of Shareholder (s)\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Assisted by (where applicable) \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

## SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

## PROXY FORM (CONTINUED)

Only for use and completion by holders of Ordinary shares of BTC in certificated or dematerialized 'own name registered' form. Other dematerialized shareholders must inform the CSDP or broker of their intention to attend the annual general meeting to be held by means of audio or audio and visual communication in Gaborone, Botswana on Tuesday, 27th September 2022 at 09:00hrs, in order that the CSDP or broker may issue them with the necessary Letters of  Representation to attend, or provide the CSDP or broker with their voting instructions should they wish not to attend the annual general meeting in person.

Please read the notes overleaf before completing this form.

I/We\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(Name in block letters)  \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Of (Address) \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Telephone(work)   \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

being a shareholder of BTC and a holder of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

number of ordinary shares, hereby appoint;

1.  \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_or failing him/her

2. \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_or failing him/her

3. The Chairperson of annual general meeting as my /our proxy to act for me/us at the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held held by means of audio or audio and visual communication in Gaborone, Botswana on Tuesday, 27 th September 2022 at 09:00hrs, and at any adjournment thereof for the purpose of considering, and if deemed fit, passing with or without modification, the resolutions and/or abstain from voting as indicated in the resolution to be considered at the said meeting.

Signed at: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date:  \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_Signature:  \_\_\_\_

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

| For  Against  Abstain  Ordinary resolution 1  Agenda item No 2  Ordinary resolution 2  Agenda item No 3  Ordinary resolution 3  Agenda item No 4  Mr. Ranjith Priyalal De Silva  Mr. Andrew Johnson  Ordinary resolution 4  Agenda item No 5  Ordinary resolution 5  Agenda item No 6  Ordinary resolution 6  Agenda item No 7  Ordinary resolution 7  Agenda item No 8  Ordinary resolution 8  Agenda item No 9  Mr. Ranjith Priyalal De Silva  Mr. Bafana Molomo  Mr. Thari Pheko  Mr. Andrew Johnson   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Signed at: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Signature: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Assisted by (where applicable):

Full names of signatory/ies if signing in a representative capacity

Each shareholder who is entitled to attend and vote at a General Meeting is entitled to appoint one or more persons as proxy to attend speakand vote in place of the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting and the proxy so appointed need not be a member of the company.

Please read notes 1 -12 on the reverse side hereof

<!-- image -->

## SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

## NOTES TO FORM OF PROXY

1. A BTC Shareholder must insert the name of a proxy or the name of two alternative proxies of the Shareholder's choice in the space provided with or without deleting 'Chairperson of the Annual General Meeting'. The person whose name appears first on the form of proxy
2. and whose name has not been deleted shall be entitled to act as proxy to the exclusion of those whose names follow.
3. A  shareholder's  instruction  to  the  proxy  must  be  indicated  by  the  insertion  of  the  relevant number of votes exercisable by the Shareholder in the appropriate space provided. Failure to comply herewith will be deemed to authorize the proxy to vote at the General Meeting as he/ she deems fit in respect of the Shareholders votes exercisable thereat, but where the proxy is the Chairperson, failure to comply will be deemed to authorize the proxy to vote in favour of the resolution. A Shareholder or his/her proxy is obliged to use all the votes exercisable by the Shareholder or by his/her proxy.
4. The  completion  and  lodging  of  this  form  will  not  preclude  the  relevant  Shareholder  from attending the General Meeting and speaking and voting in person thereat to the exclusion of any proxy appointed in terms thereof.
5. The Chairperson of the Annual General Meeting may reject or accept any form of proxy not completed and/or received other than in accordance with these notes provided that he/she is satisfied as to the manner in which the Shareholder concerned wishes to vote.
6. The date must be filled on this proxy form when it is signed.
7. Any alterations or corrections made to this form of proxy must be initialled by the signatory/ies.
8. An  instrument  of  proxy  shall  be  valid  for  the  Annual  General  Meeting  as  well  as  for  any adjournment thereof, unless the contrary is stated thereon.
9. The authority of a person signing the form of proxy under power of attorney or on behalf of a company must be attached to the form of proxy.
10.  Where Ordinary Shares are held jointly, all Shareholders must sign. A minor must be assisted by his/her guardian unless the relevant documents establishing his/her legal capacity are produced or have been registered with the transfer secretaries.
11. Forms of Proxy must be lodged or posted to the Transfer Secretaries, Central Securities Depository Company of Botswana (CSDB), Private Bag 00417, Gaborone
12.  Dematerialized shareholders, other than with 'own name registration', must NOT complete this form of proxy and must provide their CSDP or broker with their voting instructions in terms of the custody agreement entered into between such shareholders and CSDP or broker.

6 btc Live connected.