<!-- image -->

2022 A N N U A L R E P O R T

## Brookfield Corporation

## F I V E - Y E A R

## FINANCIAL RECORD

| AS AT AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  PER SHARE 1  Net income (loss)  $  1.19  $  2.39  $       (0.12)  $  1.73  $  2.27  Funds from operations 2  3.82  4.67  3.27  2.71  2.90  Distributable earnings 2  3.25  3.96  2.74  1.79  1.63  Dividends 3  Cash  0.56  0.52  0.48  0.43  0.40  Special  8.00  0.36  -  -  -  Market trading price - NYSE 1  31.46  49.19  33.38  31.17  20.68   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1.	 Adjusted	to	reflect	the	three-for-two	stock	split	effective	April	1,	2020.

2.	 See	definition	in	the	MD&amp;A	Glossary	of	Terms	beginning	on	page	129.

3.  See Corporate Dividends on page 56.

## C O N T E N T S

| Brookfield	at	a	Glance  Letter to Shareholders  Management's	Discussion	&amp;	Analysis  PART 1 -  Our	Business	and	Strategy  PART 2 -  Review	of	Consolidated	Financial	Results  PART 3 -  Operating Segment Results  PART 4 -  Capitalization	and	Liquidity  PART 5 -  Accounting Policies and Internal Controls  PART 6 -  Business Environment and Risks  Glossary	of	Terms  Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  Consolidated Financial Statements  Shareholder Information  Board of Directors and Officers  3  8  22  25  41  59  85  95  104  129  136  142  228  229   |
|---|

## BROOKFIELD AT	A	GLANCE

Our objective is to compound our capital to deliver 15%+ annual returns to shareholders over the long term. With a 100+ year heritage as an owner and operator of real assets, we have a proven track record of deploying capital to build market leading businesses that generate stable, growing cash flows and attractive long-term total returns. Today, our capital is invested across three businesses - Asset Management, Insurance Solutions, and our Operating Businesses, which generate $5 billion of free cash flow annually and continue to grow.

Our capital is invested across businesses that help form the backbone	of	the	global	economy.	The	cash	flows	generated from	our	businesses	are	generally	underpinned	by	stable, inflation-linked,	largely	contracted	and	growing	revenue streams,	and	high	cash	margins.	We	leverage	our	global presence,	the	synergies	of	our	businesses	and	large-scale, flexible	capital	to	achieve	strong	returns	across	market cycles.	On	their	own,	each	of	our	market	leading	businesses have	a	strong	growth	profile	but	together	they	generate synergies	which	significantly	enhance	their	growth.

As	a	proven	value	investor,	we	remain	focused	on	allocating	the	distributions	we	receive	from	our	businesses	to enhance	value	for	our	shareholders.	We	will	continue	to deploy	the	substantial	free	cash	flows	we	receive	towards supporting	the	growth	of	our	three	businesses,	new	strategic opportunities,	and	share	buybacks.	By	leveraging	the	global reach	and	expertise	of	our	asset	management	business, our	goal	is	to	identify	new	investment	opportunities	that provide	strategic	value	for	Brookfield	and	the	potential for attractive returns over the long term.

Our	conservatively	capitalized	balance	sheet	provides downside	protection	and	our	scale,	stability,	and	diversification	create	a	differentiated	business	model,	positioning us	well	as	a	partner	of	choice	for	the	global	buildout	of infrastructure,	the	transition	to	a	sustainable	energy	future, and	take-private	opportunities.	We	expect	the	flexibility of our capital and reputation as a good partner to create	a	significant	proprietary	pipeline	of	opportunities.

Sound	environmental,	social	and	governance	(ESG) principles are integral to building resilient businesses and creating long term value for our investors and other stakeholders.	As	a	result,	we	embed	these	principles into all our activities-including our investment process-and conduct our business in a sustainable and ethical	manner.	An	emphasis	on	diversity	and	inclusion reinforces our culture of collaboration. It strengthens our ability	to	develop	our	people	and	maintain	an	engaged workforce	focused	on	serving	as	a	trusted	partner and	first-choice	provider	of	investment	solutions.

We remain focused on allocating the distributions we receive from our businesses to enhance value for our shareholders.

## HOW WE INVEST

## The Brookfield Advantage

We	invest	where	we	can	bring	our	competitive advantages	to	bear,	leveraging	our	global	presence and	reputation,	the	synergies	of	our	businesses, and	access	to	large-scale,	flexible	capital.

## Long-Life, High-Quality Assets and Businesses

We	invest	in	a	global	and	diverse	portfolio	of high-quality	assets	and	businesses	that	generate stable,	inflation-linked,	largely	contracted	and growing	revenue	streams,	and	high	cash	margins.

## Proven Capital Allocator

We	are	a	value	investor	with	a	strong	track record of allocating our capital to generate meaningful compound returns that enhance value for our shareholders.

## Disciplined Financing Approach

We	take	a	conservative	approach	to	the	use	of leverage,	ensuring	that	we	can	preserve	capital across	all	business	cycles.

## Sustainability

We	are	committed	to	ensuring	that	the	businesses we	invest	in	are	set	up	for	long-term	success,	and we	seek	to	have	a	positive	impact	on	the	environment	and	the	communities	in	which	we	operate.

'Brookfield,'  the  'company,'  'we,'  'us'  or  'our'  refers  to  Brookfield Corporation  and  its  consolidated  subsidiaries.  The  'Corporation'  is comprised of ownership interests in our asset management, insurance solutions  and  operating  businesses.  Our  'invested  capital'  includes Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P., Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P. and Brookfield Business Partners L.P., which are separate issuers included  within  our  Renewable  Power  and  Transition,  Infrastructure and Private Equity segments, respectively, Brookfield Asset Management ULC, which is included in our Asset Management segment, and issuers in the Brookfield Property Group, which are included in our Real Estate segment. Additional discussion of their businesses and results can be found in their public filings. We use 'private funds' to refer to the real estate funds, transition funds, infrastructure funds and private equity funds of our asset management business. Our other businesses include our corporate activities. Please refer to the Glossary of Terms beginning on page 129 which defines our key performance measures that we use to measure our business.

<!-- image -->

GLOBAL REACH

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

2,500+ INVESTMENT	&amp; ASSET	MANAGEMENT PROFESSIONALS

30+

COUNTRIES

~200,000 OPERATING EMPLOYEES

<!-- image -->

Our disciplined, well-established approach to investing reflects our 100+ year history as an owner and operator. We focus on value creation and capital preservation, investing in high-quality assets and businesses within our areas of expertise. We then manage these assets and businesses proactively and finance them conservatively-with the goal of generating stable, inflation-linked, predictable and growing cash flows.

Brookfield's investment activities are anchored by a set of core tenets that guide our decision-making and determine how we measure success:

| ## OUR BUSINESS PRINCIPLES  ## OUR INVESTMENT APPROACH  - Acquire	high-quality	assets	and	businesses  - Invest	on	a	value	basis,	with	the	goal	of	growing cash	flows	and	compounding	capital  - Enhance the value of investments through our operating	expertise  - Build	sustainable	cash	flows	to	provide	certainty, reduce	risk	and	lower	our	cost	of	capital  - Allocate	the	free	cash	flows	we	receive	to enhance value for our shareholders  ## OUR PATHS TO SUCCESS  - Evaluate total return on capital over the long term  - Encourage	calculated	risks,	measuring	them against potential returns  - Sacrifice	short-term	profit,	if	necessary,	to	achieve long-term	capital	appreciation  - Seek	profitability	rather	than	growth-size	does not	necessarily	add	value  - Operate our business and conduct our relationships	with	integrity 1  - Treat our shareholders' capital like	it's	our	own 4  - Embed	strong	ESG	practices	throughout our operations to help ensure that our business model is sustainable 5  - Attract	and	retain	high-caliber	individuals who	will	grow	with	us	over	the	long	term 2  - Ensure that our people think and act like	owners	in	all	their	decisions 3   |
|---|

<!-- image -->

## L E T T E R TO SHAREHOLDERS

## OVERVIEW (As	of	February	9,	2023)

With	the	listing	of	our	asset	manager	now	complete, going	forward	we	plan	to	write	quarterly	letters	that will	cover	the	strategic	initiatives	and	highlights	of Brookfield	Corporation.	We	will	also	publish	shorter quarterly	letters	for	our	asset	manager	covering	the details	of	its	operations,	as	we	do	for	our	listed affiliates	and	private	funds.

2022	was	a	strong	year	for	Brookfield	despite	the challenging	market	environment.	We	had	a	record	year for	fundraising,	strong	operating	results,	excellent performance	from	our	insurance	operations,	and	we concluded the distribution of 25% of our asset management business to shareholders.

While	a	recession	is	likely	taking	place	in	many	parts	of the	world,	we	are	now	investing	our	resources	with	an eye	on	a	recovery	later	this	year	or	in	2024.	Alternative investments	have	shown	their	incredible	resilience during	this	period	and	are	benefiting	from	the	higher level	of	inflation	than	we	have	seen	for	decades.	The combination	of	approximately	$125	billion	of	capital available	for	investment,	our	perpetual	funding structures,	our	global	business	presence,	and	our emphasis	on	value	investments	positions	us	well	for this environment.

With	our	asset	manager	now	trading	separately	and	set on	its	own	path,	Brookfield	Corporation	is	focused	on allocating	and	deploying	its	capital	to	maximize	the value	of	our	balance	sheet.	With	a	net	asset	value	per share	which	we	estimate	to	be	vastly	higher	than	our share	price,	we	expect	to	continue	to	use	our	cash resources to repurchase shares in the market. If the discount	persists,	we	will	also	consider	other	options, including	a	tender	offer.	At	the	same	time,	we	continue to	look	at	new	areas	for	investment	that	will	earn	us excellent	returns	and	strategically	position	Brookfield for	the	future.	With	markets	trading	off	and	capital scarce,	the	odds	favor	us	finding	something	interesting.

Brookfield Corporation is focused on allocating and deploying its capital to maximize the value of our balance sheet.

## 2022 HIGHLIGHTS

$5.2B

DISTRIBUTABLE	EARNINGS

~$125B

CAPITAL AVAILABLE FOR INVESTMENT

25% OF	OUR	ASSET	MANAGEMENT	BUSINESS DISTRIBUTED TO SHAREHOLDERS

## STOCK MARKET PERFORMANCE

Our	underlying	business	performance	was	excellent	in 2022,	but	like	everything	else,	Brookfield	Corporation stock	performance	was	far	from	good.	In	addition	to	the general	market	malaise,	the	distribution	of	shares	of	our asset	manager	caused	some	short-term	pressure	on Brookfield	Corporation's	shares.	This	has	started	to clear,	and	the	underlying	value	of	the	business	continues	to	compound	away.	Our	performance	has	been strong	on	a	longer-term	basis,	and	we	think	this	should continue.	Results	are	shown	in	the	chart	below	on	a compound return basis to the end of last month.

## Compound Investment Performance

| YEARS  Value of $1 Million  Invested in BN  BN  NYSE  S&amp;P  500  10-Year	U.S.  Treasuries  1  880,000  (12)%  (7)%  (10)%  5  1,900,000  14%  9%  1%  10  4,100,000  15%  13%  1%  20  40,900,000  20%  10%  4%  30  252,500,000  20%  10%  3%   |
|---|

## THE MARKET ENVIRONMENT

Markets	were	extremely	volatile	in	2022.	Most	investments were	down,	at	least	on	paper,	as	central	banks	acted decisively	to	bring	inflation	under	control.	The	good	news is that the measures taken appear to have been successful in	tempering	demand	and	moderating	inflation	in	most countries,	with	interest	rates	expected	to	peak	soon, inflation	likely	to	already	have	peaked	in	most	places,	and the onset of a recession upon us.

Global	markets	are	now	offering	much	better	opportunities. Bond	yields	are	higher,	equities	are	more	fairly	valued,	and technology	company	valuations	are	more	reasonable.	In addition,	growth	businesses	and	crypto	that	had	no rational	reason	for	trading	where	they	did	have	now	come back	down	to	earth.	In	the	midst	of	all	of	this,	most alternative	assets	and	real	businesses	have	performed, and	are	expected	to	continue	to	perform,	extremely	well.

The	overall	macro	environment	has	moved	strongly	in favor	of	how	we	operate	at	Brookfield.	This	should	bring great	opportunity	for	us	in	the	next	few	years.	In	general, the	world	has	shifted:

- from	an	emphasis	on	growth	to	value	(we	are value investors).
- from	a	singular	focus	on	technology	to	a	more rounded	investment	focus,	including	strong	interest in	energy	(this	bodes	well	for	us	in	many	ways).
- from	low	inflation	to	greater	inflation	(this	is	very positive	for	most	of	what	we	own).
- from	a	low	level	of	expenditures	on	the	backbone	of the	global	economy	to	high	infrastructure	investment, with	emphasis	on	decarbonization,	digitalization,	and deglobalization	(this	is	our	sweet	spot).
- from cash earning zero to cash being valuable. Having	been	very	conservative	with	our	capital structure and having acquired a substantial insurance	float	while	sitting	on	cash	earning	nothing,	this has	now	turned	in	our	favor	(this	is	very	powerful	for our	earnings	and	new	opportunistic	investments).
- from	returns	being	generated	by	financial	engineering	to	returns	resulting	from	operational	excellence (this	is	our	specialty).

While	markets	are	always	unpredictable,	we	believe	we are	well	positioned	for	this	environment,	and	that	we	will all	soon	be	in	another	period	of	economic	growth.

## THE RESILIENCE OF OUR OPERATING RESULTS SHOWED THIS YEAR

Distributable earnings for the full year were $5.2 billion, with most of our businesses contributing strongly.

| AS AT AND FOR THE 12 MONTHS ENDED DEC. 31  ($US	MILLIONS,	EXCEPT	PER	SHARE	AMOUNTS)  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  CAGR  Distributable Earnings (DE)  before realizations  $  2,133  $  2,197  $  2,687  $  3,467  $  4,314  19%  Distributable Earnings (DE)  - Per Share  1.63  1.79  2.74  3.96  3.25  19%  - Total  2,389  2,657  4,220  6,282  5,229  22%  Gross annual run rate of  fees plus target carry  2,975  5,781  6,472  7,830  9,535  34%  Total assets under  management  354,736  544,896  601,983  688,138  789,489  22%   |
|---|

Distributable	earnings	before	realizations	were	$1.1	billion in	the	quarter	and	$4.3	billion	over	the	last	12	months, representing	an	increase	of	24%	over	the	prior	year.

Our operating businesses continue to demonstrate their resilience,	with	strong	cash	generation	and	financial performance,	despite	weaker	fundamentals	in	most	major economies	around	the	world.	The	essential	nature	of	the majority	of	the	businesses	and	assets	that	we	own,	the inflation	linkage	in	their	revenues,	and	the	high	cash margins	they	generate	are	proving	beneficial	in	the	current environment. Distributions from investments of $624 million for	the	quarter	and	$2.6	billion	over	the	year	equate	to	an increase	of	20%	versus	the	prior	year.

Our	insurance	solutions	business	had	another	excellent quarter,	with	operating	earnings	of	$170	million.	The business	has	benefited	from	continuing	to	redeploy	its highly	liquid	and	short-duration	portfolio	in	a	rising	rate environment,	and	we	believe	the	best	is	yet	to	come.

Our	asset	management	business	continues	to	benefit from	strong	fundraising	and	capital	deployment.	This, combined	with	control	over	costs	as	we	scale,	helped generate	$2.1	billion	of	fee-related	earnings,	representing	a	26%	increase	when	excluding	performance	fees versus	the	past	year.	Fundraising	momentum	remains solid,	coming	off	record	inflows	of	$93	billion	over	the past	12	months	and	$14	billion	in	the	quarter,	as	we forge	ahead	with	our	next	round	of	fundraising.

Although	the	overall	market	is	not	as	robust	as	it	was	a year	ago,	we	continue	to	see	strong	appetite	for	the type	of	high-quality,	cash	generating	businesses	and assets	we	own.	We	completed	$34	billion	of	monetizations	at	strong	valuations	in	the	year,	realizing	gains totaling	$1.7	billion.	We	recently	sold	a	student	housing business	in	the	U.K.	for	$4.5	billion,	a	portfolio	of telecom	towers	in	New	Zealand	for	$1.1	billion,	and several	electricity	transmission	lines	in	Brazil	for	$0.8 billion;	with	numerous	other	sales	processes	in	progress.

Our operating businesses continue to demonstrate their resilience, with strong cash generation and financial performance.

## THE CORPORATION IS POSITIONED TO GROW AND WIDEN ITS REACH

For	the	last	25	years	we	have	focused	on	building	and scaling	our	operating	and	asset	management	businesses,	culminating	in	the	recent	distribution	and	separate listing of the asset manager's shares. Leveraging our large	perpetual	capital	base,	deep	operating	expertise, global	presence,	and	value	investing	approach,	we	have consistently	delivered	strong	investment	performance and	have	grown	this	business	into	a	pre-eminent	and uniquely	positioned	global	alternative	asset	manager.

Over	this	time,	we	have	also	used	these	same	attributes to	establish	and	grow	global,	market-leading	businesses in	renewable	power	(including	a	unique	net-zero transition	business),	infrastructure,	private	equity,	and real	estate.	We	are	also	currently	executing	on	our	plans to build a leading global insurance business.

We	have	one	of	the	largest	discretionary	pools	of	capital globally	at	approximately	$175	billion,	and	we	generate ±$20	billion	of	operating	cash	flow	annually.	With	no restrictions	on	how	we	use	most	of	this	capital,	our	sole focus	is	on	allocating	capital	among	our	existing operating	businesses	and	new	business	initiatives,	with a targeted total return of 15%+ for our shareholders over the long term.

The	earnings	power	of	what	we	have	built	and	own today	is	incredibly	strong.	Each	business	on	its	own generates	very	attractive	returns,	but	when	we	leverage the	synergies	that	exist	within	the	broader	Brookfield ecosystem,	the	earnings	potential	becomes	even greater.	The	organic	growth	levers	within	our	existing businesses,	combined	with	the	continued	allocation	of capital	to	funds	from	our	asset	management	business, should	allow	us	to	deliver	strong	internal	growth.	Over the	next	five	years,	we	plan	to	grow	our	free	cash	flow (or	distributable	earnings,	'DE')	at	a	compound	annual growth	rate	of	approximately	25%,	which	should generate	over	$30	billion	of	excess	cash	flow	during	that period to just our Corporation balance sheet.

Given	our	strong	track	record	of	investment	returns from	our	current	businesses,	it	is	hard	to	look	past	the opportunity	to	invest	more	capital	into	those	businesses and	repurchase	shares	when	they	are	undervalued. Furthermore,	by	fully	leveraging	the	reach	and	expertise of	our	asset	management	business,	our	goal	is	to identify	new	investment	opportunities	that	have	both strategic	value	for	overall	Brookfield	and	the	potential for	attractive	rates	of	return.	The	scale	we	can	pursue	is significant,	given	the	various	sources	of	capital	available to	us,	and	in	this	economic	environment	we	feel	it	is	very possible	that	something	large	and	interesting	will present	itself,	enabling	us	to	further	diversify	our business and broaden our reach.

<!-- image -->

Our	bar	for	new	investments	is	always	high	since	we	have	great	existing	businesses.	Sometimes	the	bar	moves	even higher,	given	the	competing	opportunity	to	repurchase	our	own	shares.	Despite	that,	we	will	continue	to	seek opportunities	outside	our	current	lines	of	business	that	will	likely	fit	into	one	of	the	following	categories:

## Insurance Solutions

We	see	many	great	global	opportunities	to	deploy	capital	through	Brookfield	Reinsurance.	While	this	is already	an	established	business	for	us,	we	see	an	opportunity	to	deploy	excess	capital	to	scale	it	further.

## Strategic Acquisitions

We	come	across	many	opportunities	that	are	too	large	for	any	of	our	funds.	An	example	of	this	is	a	$30	billion business	we	came	very	close	to	merging	into	Brookfield	Corporation	18	months	ago.	These	opportunities	will be	few	and	far	between,	but	when	we	find	the	next	one,	it	could	be	very	exciting.

## Growth

We	are	investing	in	new	businesses	that	are	adjacent	to	what	we	do	well.	While	these	investments	are	small today,	they	or	others	could	become	large	investments	someday.	For	example,	we	own	an	interest	in	SHEIN,	an incredibly	successful	fast	fashion	business	that	is	becoming	dominant	globally	and	which	we	have	been	able	to assist	in	numerous	ways	within	our	franchise.

## New Businesses

<!-- image -->

We	are	investing	as	a	Limited	Partner	in	some	external	private	funds	in	sectors	where	we	do	not	yet	have full-scale	teams.	In	addition	to	the	excellent	returns	we	expect	to	earn,	we	are	learning	a	great	deal.	This	in turn	could	lead	to	new	businesses	for	us.

Our	individual	listed	infrastructure,	renewable	and	private	equity	securities	are	excellent	investments	that	provide exposure	to	specific	sectors,	and	our	recently	created	asset	manager	shares	now	provide	direct	access	to	our	asset management	business	and	its	strong	growth	profile.	At	the	same	time,	Brookfield	Corporation	shares	offer	a	unique opportunity	to	own	them	all	and	benefit	from	the	resulting	synergies.	They	also	offer	a	chance	to	be	a	part	of	our	next chapter,	which	we	are	very	excited	about.

## THE BEST IS YET TO COME FOR OUR ASSET MANAGEMENT BUSINESS

Our	asset	management	business	is	one	of	the	largest	and	fastest-growing	alternative	asset	managers	in	the	world. With	operations	spanning	more	than	30	countries	across	five	continents,	we	have	over	2,000	professionals	in	our asset	manager	who	employ	a	disciplined	investment	approach	to	create	value	across	a	diverse	set	of	public	and private	fund	offerings.

The	business	has	grown	from	its	infancy	25	years	ago	to	approximately	$800	billion	in	assets	under	management and	deep	relationships	with	more	than	2,000	clients,	including	most	of	the	largest	global	institutional	investors.	We have	a	strong	track	record,	having	delivered	solid	investment	returns	for	these	clients	over	a	long	period	of	time.

<!-- image -->

The	outlook	for	the	business	remains	very	strong,	due largely	to	the	following	components	of	our	highly differentiated	strategy:

- We	invest	in	the	backbone	of	the	global	economy.
- We	leverage	our	deep	operational	expertise	to create value.
- Our	scale	and	track	record	mean	that	we	are	a beneficiary	of	the	capital	that	is	increasingly gravitating	to	the	largest	multi-asset-class	managers in	a	period	of	industry	consolidation.
- Our business is positioned around the leading secular global	drivers	of	capital	across	renewable	power	and transition,	infrastructure,	real	estate,	and	credit.
- We	are	highly	diversified.	This	enables	the	business to	grow	and	deploy	capital	throughout	economic cycles-with	our	credit,	private	equity,	and	real estate	businesses	specializing	in	deploying	capital	in markets	like	we	are	seeing	today.
- We	pride	ourselves	on	both	providing	the	highest level	of	service	to	our	clients	and	constantly innovating to meet their needs.
- Across	Brookfield,	our	$175	billion	of	discretionary permanent capital can be invested in our funds. This

is	one	of	the	benefits	of	our	structure,	and	this	pool of	proprietary	capital	is	unrivalled	in	the	industry.

- The	listing	of	our	asset	manager	provides	optionality for strategic acquisitions.

We	had	a	record	fundraising	year	in	2022,	as	we	watched the	benefits	of	our	strategy	play	out.	The	successful fundraising	across	our	flagship	fund	series	continued,	with each	vintage	larger	than	the	last.	Existing	LP's	continued	to invest	in	the	latest	funds,	often	increasing	their	commitment,	and	a	number	crossed	over	into	new	strategies, deepening	their	relationship	with	us.	Our	Transition	Fund is	also	now	market-leading,	offering	clients	the	opportunity to	invest	with	us	to	facilitate	the	global	transition	to	net zero.	It	saw	the	single	largest	first	close	for	a	new	strategy ever,	and	we	have	been	successfully	deploying	that	capital.

As	market	volatility	and	more	challenging	economic conditions	continue,	we	expect	that	the	preeminence	of our	Oaktree	credit	franchise	will	come	to	the	fore.	Having one of the most sophisticated credit managers as part of the	franchise	diversifies	our	business,	makes	us	better investors,	and	ensures	that	we	can	raise	and	deploy	capital at	all	points	in	an	economic	cycle.

We	also	continue	to	benefit	from	synergies	across	the broader	Brookfield	ecosystem.	With	the	tightening	of markets	and	greater	scarcity	of	capital,	our	asset	management	business	is	benefiting	from	access	to	the	perpetual capital	from	our	balance	sheet	and	the	large-scale,	flexible capital	provided	by	our	insurance	solutions	business.

Please	have	a	look	at	this	quarter's	Brookfield	Asset Management Ltd. letter for additional details at https://bam.brookfield.com/reports-filings/letters-shareholders/q4-2022-letter-to-shareholders.

## REAL ESTATE IS CYCLICAL, BUT IT IS A GREAT LONG-TERM BUSINESS

Part of the Corporation's capital is invested across a highly	diversified,	very	high-quality	portfolio	of	real estate assets in some of the best locations around the world.	While	we	continue	to	dispose	of	non-core holdings,	much	of	the	high-quality	real	estate	we	own will	eventually	find	its	way	into	our	insurance	business due	to	its	long	duration	nature,	making	these	assets ideally	suited	to	match	the	long-duration	liabilities created	by	our	insurance	operations.

## As a reminder:

- $8 billion of our capital is invested in our real estate private	funds,	which	are	highly	diversified	by	both geography	and	by	sector,	and	where	our	asset management business has a proven track record of delivering	upwards	of	20%	returns	over	the	long term. These assets are turned into cash in a 5 to 10-year	period.
- $15	billion	of	our	capital	is	invested	directly	in	our top	35	trophy	office	and	retail	complexes	globally. These	are	amongst	the	best	in	the	world	and	get better and better over time.
- $3 billion of our capital is invested in our residential land development business in the U.S. and Canada. This	business	has	delivered	very	strong	financial results	for	decades.	Over	time,	these	assets	all	turn into	cash	as	we	build	out	developments	(unless	we choose to reinvest it).
- $7 billion of our capital is invested in other real estate	assets	which,	as	we	have	discussed	before, will	be	liquidated	over	time.

The	reason	we	focus	on	the	highest-quality,	best-located real	estate	assets	is	because	we	have	found	that	these outperform	over	very	long	periods	of	time	and	through economic	cycles.	When	office	leasing	demand	slows,	these prime	buildings	tend	to	remain	full,	as	tenants	take	the opportunity	to	upgrade	their	premises.	For	example,	with overall	vacancy	as	high	as	20%	in	some	markets	currently, our	U.S.	office	portfolio	remains	95%	occupied,	and	our like-for-like	NOI	is	forecast	to	grow	10%	this	year.

Similarly,	our	shopping	centers	benefit	when	retailers make decisions to consolidate their premises into the highest-productivity	centers.	Our	top	20	shopping	centers comprise more than 50% of the value of our retail portfolio.	They	are	highly	productive,	with	average	tenant sales	currently	exceeding	$1,100	per	square	foot,	20% above	their	sales	prior	to	the	pandemic.	Occupancy	in these	malls	has	rebounded	to	97%,	roughly	where	it	was before	the	pandemic,	and	we	are	renewing	leases	with rents	at	an	8	to	10%	premium	to	the	expiring	terms.

Our real estate business provides critical infrastructure to our	tenants.	However,	the	nature	of	our	tenants	is constantly	evolving	and	will	continue	to	do	so	in	the	future. For	example,	20	years	ago	our	office	portfolio	was	focused on	financial	services	tenants	and	those	that	service	them. These	businesses	were	voracious	consumers	of	office space,	and	our	large-format,	flexible	office	buildings	in	the world's	best	cities	attracted	many	of	them	as	tenants. However,	over	the	past	decade	regulatory	changes	have led	to	slower	growth	in	financial	services	employment	and, as	a	consequence,	their	demand	for	office	space.

Part of the Corporation's capital is invested across a highly diversified, very high-quality portfolio of real estate assets in some of the best locations around the world.

At	the	same	time,	we	saw	increased	demand	for	office space	emerge	from	large	technology	and	media	companies such	as	Amazon,	Alphabet	and	Meta.	They	were	attracted	to the	high-quality	nature,	flexible	layouts	and	locations	in cities	where	their	employees	wanted	to	live-and	so	our tenant	mix	has	evolved	and	diversified	significantly	over time.	Companies	have	begun	to	rethink	the	way	they	utilize their	office	space.	Once	again,	the	highest-quality, best-located	buildings	continue	to	be	in	high	demand	as employers	want	to	encourage	workers	to	come	into	the office	to	interact	and	collaborate	with	one	another.

Similarly,	20	years	ago	our	shopping	centers	were	dominated by	large-format	department	stores,	which	served	as	anchor tenants	and	drove	customer	traffic	to	smaller,	higher-rentpaying	tenants.	As	consumer	tastes	and	buying	patterns have	evolved,	we	have	redesigned	our	centers	to	focus	on high-end	luxury	tenants,	entertainment	and	food	and beverage	uses,	which	attract	the	shoppers	of	today.	The type	and	nature	of	our	tenants	is	constantly	evolving; however,	our	properties	enjoy	prominent	physical

## CLOSING

Thank	you	for	your	interest	in	Brookfield,	and	please	do	not	hesitate	to	contact	any	of	us	should	you	have	suggestions, questions,	comments,	or	ideas	you	wish	to	share.

Sincerely,

<!-- image -->

Bruce Flatt Chief	Executive	Officer February	9,	2023

Note:	In	addition	to	the	disclosures	set	forth	in	the	cautionary	statements	included	elsewhere	in	this	Report,	there	are	other	important disclosures	 that	 must	 be	 read	 in	 conjunction	 with,	 and	 that	 have	 been	 incorporated	 in,	 this	 letter	 as	 posted	 on	 our	 website	 at https://bn.brookfield.com/reports-filings.

We have deep conviction in the underlying value of our real estate portfolio and its ability to continue delivering strong returns for the Corporation for a very long time.

locations	near	large	populations	of	affluent	consumers, and	as	a	result,	space	is	in	demand.

It is for these reasons that the operating income of our real	estate	business	continues	to	see	strong	growth.	And despite some impact of higher interest rates on our cash flows	in	the	short	term,	we	have	deep	conviction	in	the underlying	value	of	our	real	estate	portfolio	and	its	ability to continue delivering strong returns for the Corporation for	a	very	long	time.

## VALUE CREATION

We create value for our shareholders in two ways. First, we participate in increases in the earnings and value of our Asset Management, Insurance Solutions, and Operating Businesses, which enables us to increase our cash dividends paid to shareholders. Second, we are able to deploy the substantial free cash flows we retain towards supporting the growth of our three businesses and investing in new strategic opportunities and share buybacks.

## Our capital is deployed across our three businesses

<!-- image -->

Asset Management

<!-- image -->

Insurance Solutions

<!-- image -->

On	their	own,	each	of	our	businesses	has	a	strong	growth	profile but	together	they	generate	synergies	which	significantly	enhance	their	growth.

## ASSET MANAGEMENT

Our asset management business is	one	of	the	world's	leading	alternative	asset	managers,	with	approximately	$800	billion	of assets	under	management	as	at	December	31,	2022	across	infrastructure,	renewable	power	and	transition,	real	estate, private	equity	and	credit.	The	business	invests	client	capital	for	the	long	term	with	a	focus	on	real	assets	and	essential service	businesses	that	form	the	backbone	of	the	global	economy.	The	business	draws	on	our	heritage	as	an	owner	and operator	to	invest	for	value	and	generate	strong	returns	for	clients	across	economic	cycles.

In	our	asset	management	business,	we	create	value	by:

- Increasing	fee-bearing	capital,	which	increases	our	fee-related	earnings
- Achieving	attractive	investment	returns,	which	enables	us	to	earn	performance	income	(carried	interest);	and
- Maintaining	cost	discipline	as	we	scale	our	operations

Value is determined based on the sum of: i) the market value	of	our	asset	management	business;	ii)		applying	a multiple	to	target	carried	interest,	net;	and	iii)	our accumulated	unrealized	carried	interest,	net.

As	at	December	31,	2022,	the	market	value	of	our	stake	in our	asset	management	business	was	$35.2	billion.	Our asset management activities generate annualized carried interest,	net	of	$3.1	billion	and	fee-related	earnings	of $2.1	billion,	representing	fee-related	earnings	growth	of 16%	over	the	prior	year.	This	increase	was	primarily	due to	growth	in	fee-bearing	capital	of	15%	over	the	prior	year. As	at	December	31,	2022,	our	accumulated	unrealized carried	interest,	net	was	$5.6	billion.

## INSURANCE SOLUTIONS

Our insurance solutions business owns	and	operates	a leading	financial	services	business	providing	capital-based solutions	to	the	insurance	industry.	Through	operating subsidiaries,	the	business	provides	annuity-based reinsurance products to insurance and reinsurance companies and acts as a direct issuer of pension risk transfer	products	for	pension	plan	sponsors.	In	doing	so, the	business	seeks	to	match	long-duration	liabilities	with a	portfolio	of	high-quality	investments	in	order	to	generate attractive,	risk-adjusted	returns.

In	our	insurance	solutions	business,	we	create	value	by:

- Acquiring	long-duration	and	predictable insurance liabilities
- Proactively	managing	the	risk	of	underwritten liabilities; and
- Earning	attractive	risk-adjusted	returns	on	our insurance	float	in	excess	of	the	cost	of	the	insurance liabilities	we	manage

Value is determined using the Intrinsic value of our capital ("IVC"),	which	represents	our	view	of	the	fair	value	of	the business.	We	determine	the	IVC	using	a	discounted	cash flow	analysis	of	the	in-place	earnings	of	the	insurance solutions business and an unlevered discount rate of 8%.

Our insurance activities generated $388 million of distributable	earnings	with	our	annualized	distributable	earnings currently	being	$650	million.	As	of	December	31,	2022,	our insurance	business	has	approximately	$40	billion	of	assets.

<!-- image -->

## OPERATING BUSINESSES

Renewable Power and Transition, Infrastructure, and Private Equity:

Our investments in Renewable Power and Transition, Infrastructure and Private Equity serve as publicly listed permanent capital vehicles that also act as our primary vehicles for making commitments to the private funds of our asset management business, providing them each with a very strong pipeline for growth. Each of these businesses share key characteristics of being highly diversified by sector and geography, generating stable and often inflationlinked revenue streams, high cash margins, market leading positions, high barriers to entry and opportunities to invest additional capital to enhance returns, all of which enable us to generate very attractive risk-adjusted returns on our capital.

Our renewable power and transition business owns diverse and high-quality assets across multiple continents and technologies including hydroelectric, wind, utility-scale solar, and distributed energy and sustainable solutions investments. Our capital in this business is primarily via 48% ownership interest in Brookfield Renewable Partners ("BEP") for which we receive quarterly distributions. We also enter into energy contracts, which are our contractual arrangement with BEP to purchase power generated by certain North American hydro assets at a fixed price that is then resold on a contracted or uncontracted basis.

Our infrastructure business is one of the world's largest infrastructure investors and owns and operates assets across the transport, data, utilities, and midstream sectors. Our capital in this business is via our 27% ownership interest in Brookfield Infrastructure Partners ("BIP") for which we receive quarterly distributions.

Our private equity business is a leading private equity investor with a focus on owning and operating businesses that provide essential products and services in the business services, industrials, and residential sectors. Our capital in this business is via our 65% ownership interest in Brookfield Business Partners ("BBU"). We also have direct investments in various operating companies within the Private Equity segment.

## Real Estate:

Our real estate business is a diversified global real estate portfolio that owns and operates one of the largest portfolios of office, retail, multifamily residential, logistics, hospitality, triple net lease, student housing and manufactured housing assets.

Our capital in this business is via our 100% ownership stake in Brookfield Property Group ('BPG'), which today consists of an irreplaceable portfolio of trophy mixed-use precincts in global gateway cities ('Core') , a portfolio designed to maximize returns through a development or buy-fix-sell strategy ('Transitional &amp; Development), of which $3 billion includes our capital invested in our North American residential business, and investments we have made in real estate private funds which own high-quality assets and portfolios with operational upside ('LP Investments').

## DISTRIBUTABLE EARNINGS

$2.1B ASSET MANAGEMENT

$388M INSURANCE SOLUTIONS

$4.3B OPERATING BUSINESSES

Value of Operating Businesses:

We	create	value	in	our	operating	business	by:

- Increasing cash income through organic levers; and
- Recycling	the	underlying	assets

We	measure	the	value	thereby	created	using	a	combination	of	market	values	for	our	public	affiliates	(BEP,	BIP,	BBU), comparable	market	data	for	our	North	American	residential	business,	and	fair	values	as	determined	under	IFRS	for the remainder of our Real Estate business.

Our	capital	in	our	operating	businesses	was	$56.9	billion	on	a	blended	basis	as	at	December	31,	2022,	and	generated	$2.5	billion	of	annualized	cash	flows.	The	following	table	provides	a	breakdown	of	invested	capital	in	our operating businesses:

| AS	AT	DEC.	31,	2022	(MILLIONS)  QUOTED 1  IFRS  BLENDED 2  CASH	FLOW 3  BEP  $  8,005  $  4,635  $  8,005  $  421  BIP  6,591  2,524  6,591  302  BBU  2,491  2,439  2,491  35  $  17,087  9,598  17,087  758  BPG  N/A  31,868  33,426  1,644  Corporate cash and financial assets 4, 5  Various  2,893  2,893  38  Other Investments 6  Various  3,494  3,494  78  Total Operating Businesses  $  47,853  $  56,900  $  2,518   |
|---|

1. Quoted	based	on	December	31,	2022	public	pricing.
2. For	performance	measurement	purposes,	we	consider	the	value	of	invested	capital	to	be	the	quoted	value	of	listed	investments,	market	pricing	using industry	comparables	for	our	North	American	residential	business	values	and	IFRS	values	for	unlisted	investments.
3. Annualized	distributions	are	calculated	by	multiplying	units	held	as	at	December	31,	2022	by	the	current	distribution	rates	per	unit.
4. Corporate	cash	and	financial	assets	is	inclusive	of	$1.3	billion	in	cash	and	cash	equivalents	(December	31,	2021	-	$1.9	billion).
5. Corporate	cash	and	financial	assets	in	2022	includes	our	proportionate	share	of	the	asset	management	business'	cash	and	financial	assets	($2.4	billion).
6. Includes	wholly	owned	investments	and	our	other	listed	and	unlisted	investments,	including	our	share	of	Oaktree's	balance	sheet	investments.

## PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS

## Distributable Earnings

For the Years Ended Dec. 31 (MILLIONS)

Distributable earnings before realizations

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Distributions to Common Shareholders 2

For the Years Ended Dec. 31 (MILLIONS)

<!-- image -->

1.	Adjusted	2020	to	reflect	the	three-for-two	stock	split	effective	April	1,	2020.

2.	Excludes	share	repurchases.	Total	capital	returned	to	common	shareholders,	including	share	repurchases,	was	approximately	$15	billion	during	2022.

## Distributions Earnings Per Share 1

For the Years Ended Dec. 31

Realized carried interest and disposition gains from principal investments

<!-- image -->

## Fee-Related Earnings

Excluding Performance Fees

For the Years Ended Dec. 31 (MILLIONS)

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## NOTICE TO READERS

Pages 1 through 20 of the 2022 Annual Report must be read in conjunction with the cautionary statements included elsewhere in the 2022 Annual Report. Except where otherwise indicated, the information provided herein is based on matters as they exist as of December 31, 2022 and not as of any future date.

## MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## ORGANIZATION OF MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ('MD&amp;A')

## PART 1 OUR BUSINESS AND STRATEGY

Overview

........................................................................

PART 2 -

REVIEW OF CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL RESULTS

Overview

........................................................................

Income Statement Analysis

.......................................

Balance Sheet Analysis

...............................................

Consolidation and Fair Value Accounting

..............

Foreign Currency Translation

...................................

Corporate Dividends

...................................................

Summary of Quarterly Results

.................................

PART 3 -

OPERATING SEGMENT RESULTS

Basis of Presentation

..................................................

Summary of Results by Operating Segment

Asset Management

.........

.....................................................

Renewable Power and Transition

Infrastructure

| Private Equity  ..................................................................  75  Real Estate  .......................................................................  79  Corporate Activities  .......................................................  83  PART 4  - CAPITALIZATION AND LIQUIDITY  Capitalization  ...................................................................  85  Liquidity  ............................................................................  89  Review of Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  ..  92  Contractual Obligations  ................................................  93  Exposures to Selected Financial Information  ..........  94  PART 5  - ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND INTERNAL  CONTROLS  Accounting Policies, Estimates and Judgments  .......  95  Management Representations and Internal  Controls  .......................................................................  103  Related Party Transactions  ..........................................  103  PART 6  - BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT AND RISKS  ........  104  GLOSSARY OF TERMS  .......................................................  129   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

............................

...............................................................

25

41

42

48

53

55

56

57

59

60

61

67

71

'Brookfield,'  the  'company,'  'we,'  'us'  or  'our'  refers  to  Brookfield  Corporation  and  its  consolidated  subsidiaries.  The 'Corporation' is comprised of ownership interests in our asset management, insurance solutions and operating businesses. Our 'invested capital' includes Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P., Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P. and Brookfield Business Partners L.P., which are separate issuers included within our Renewable Power and Transition, Infrastructure and Private  Equity  segments,  respectively,  Brookfield  Asset  Management  ULC,  which  is  included  in  our  Asset  Management segment,  and  issuers  in  the  Brookfield  Property  Group,  which  are  included  in  our  Real  Estate  segment.  Additional discussion of their businesses and results can be found in their public filings. We use 'private funds' to refer to the real estate funds, transition funds, infrastructure funds and private equity funds of our asset management business. Our other businesses include our corporate activities.

Please refer to the Glossary of Terms beginning on page 129 which defines our key performance measures that we use to measure our business.

Additional  information  about  the  company,  including  our  Annual  Information  Form,  is  available  on  our  website  at www.brookfield.com, on the Canadian Securities Administrators' website at www.sedar.com and on the EDGAR section of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's ('SEC') website at www.sec.gov.

We  are  incorporated  in  Ontario,  Canada,  and  qualify  as  an  eligible  Canadian  issuer  under  the  Multijurisdictional Disclosure System and as a 'foreign private issuer' as such term is defined in Rule 405 under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Rule 3b-4 under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. As a result, we comply with U.S. continuous reporting requirements by filing our Canadian disclosure documents with the SEC; our annual report is filed under Form 40-F and we furnish our quarterly interim reports under Form 6-K.

Information  contained  in  or  otherwise  accessible  through  the  websites  mentioned  throughout  this  report  does not form part of this report. All references in this report to websites are inactive textual references and are not incorporated by reference. Any other reports of the company referred to herein are not incorporated by reference unless explicitly stated otherwise.

## CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND INFORMATION

This  Report  contains  'forward-looking  information'  within  the  meaning  of  Canadian  provincial  securities  laws  and 'forward-looking statements' within the meaning of Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, 'safe harbor' provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and in any applicable Canadian securities regulations. We may provide such information and make  such  statements  in  the  Report,  in  other  filings  with  Canadian  regulators  or  the  U.S.  Securities  and  Exchange Commission or in other communications. Forward-looking statements include statements that are predictive in nature, depend  upon  or  refer  to  future  events  or  conditions,  include  statements  which  reflects  management's  expectations regarding the operations, business, financial condition, expected financial results, performance, prospects, opportunities, priorities, targets, goals, ongoing objectives, strategies and outlook of the Corporation and its subsidiaries, as well as the outlook for North American and international economies for the current fiscal year and subsequent periods, and include words such as 'expects,' 'anticipates,' 'plans,' 'believes,' 'estimates,' 'seeks,' 'intends,' 'targets,' 'projects,' 'forecasts' or negative  versions  thereof  and  other  similar  expressions,  or  future  or  conditional  verbs  such  as  'may,'  'will,'  'should,' 'would' and 'could.'

Although  we  believe  that  our  anticipated  future  results,  performance  or  achievements  expressed  or  implied  by  the forward-looking statements and information are based upon reasonable assumptions and expectations, the reader should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements and information contained in this Report. The statements and information involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the company to differ materially from anticipated future results, performance or achievement expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements and information.

Factors  that  could  cause  actual  results  to  differ  materially  from  those  contemplated  or  implied  by  forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: (i) investment returns that are lower than target; (ii) the impact or unanticipated impact of general economic, political and market factors in the countries in which we do business, including as a result of COVID-19  and  the  related  global  economic  disruptions;  (iii)  the  behavior  of  financial  markets,  including  fluctuations  in interest and foreign exchange rates; (iv) global equity and capital markets and the availability of equity and debt financing and refinancing within these markets; (v) strategic actions including dispositions; the ability to complete and effectively integrate acquisitions into existing operations and the ability to attain expected benefits; (vi) changes in accounting policies and methods used to report financial condition (including uncertainties associated with critical accounting assumptions and  estimates);  (vii)  the  ability  to  appropriately  manage  human  capital;  (viii)  the  effect  of  applying  future  accounting changes;  (ix)  business  competition;  (x)  operational  and  reputational  risks;  (xi)  technological  change;  (xii)  changes  in government  regulation  and  legislation  within  the  countries  in  which  we  operate;  (xiii)  governmental  investigations; (xiv) litigation; (xv) changes in tax laws; (xvi) ability to collect amounts owed; (xvii) catastrophic events, such as earthquakes, hurricanes, or pandemics/epidemics; (xviii) the possible impact of international conflicts and other developments including terrorist  acts  and  cyberterrorism;  (xix)  the  introduction,  withdrawal,  success  and  timing  of  business  initiatives  and strategies; (xx) the failure of effective disclosure controls and  procedures  and  internal controls over financial reporting  and  other  risks;  (xxi)  health,  safety  and  environmental  risks;  (xxii)  the  maintenance  of  adequate  insurance coverage;  (xxiii)  the  existence  of  information  barriers  between  certain  businesses  within  our  asset  management operations; (xxiv) risks specific to our business segments including our asset management, real estate, renewable power and transition, infrastructure, private equity, and other alternatives, including credit; and (xxv) factors detailed from time to time in our documents filed with the securities regulators in Canada and the United States, including in 'Part 6 - Business Environment and Risks' of our Annual Report available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and EDGAR at www.sec.gov.

We caution that the foregoing list of important factors that may affect future results is not exhaustive. Readers are urged to consider the foregoing risks, as well as other uncertainties, factors and assumptions carefully in evaluating the forwardlooking  information  and  are  cautioned  not  to  place  undue  reliance  on  such  forward-looking  information.  Except  as required by law, the Corporation undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements or information, whether written or oral, that may be as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Past performance is not indicative nor a guarantee of future results. There can be no assurance that comparable results will be achieved in the future, that future investments will be similar to the historic investments discussed herein (because of economic conditions, the availability of investment opportunities or otherwise), that targeted returns, diversification or asset allocations will be met or that an investment strategy or investment objectives will be achieved.

## STATEMENT REGARDING USE OF NON-IFRS MEASURES

We disclose a number of financial measures in this Report that are calculated and presented using methodologies other than in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ('IASB') ('IFRS'). We utilize these measures in managing the business, including for performance measurement, capital allocation and valuation purposes and believe that providing these performance measures on a  supplemental  basis  to  our  IFRS  results  is  helpful  to  investors  in  assessing  the  overall  performance  of  our businesses. These financial measures should not be considered as the sole measure of our performance and should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, similar financial measures calculated in accordance with IFRS.  We  caution  readers  that  these  non-IFRS  financial  measures  or  other  financial  metrics  may  differ  from  the calculations disclosed by other businesses and, as a result, may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers and entities. Reconciliations of these non-IFRS financial measures to the most directly comparable financial  measures  calculated  and  presented  in  accordance  with  IFRS,  where  applicable,  are  included  within  this Report. Please refer to our Glossary of Terms beginning on page 129 for all non-IFRS measures.

## PART 1

## OUR BUSINESS AND STRATEGY

| Competitive  Investment  Liquidity and  Risk  Overview  Advantages  Cycle  Capital Resources  Management  ESG   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## OVERVIEW

Our objective is to compound capital, delivering 15%+ annual returns to shareholders over the long-term. With a 100+ year heritage as an owner and operator of real assets, we have a proven track record of deploying capital to build  market  leading  businesses  that  generate  stable,  growing  cash  flows  and  attractive  long-term  total  returns. Today, our capital is invested across three businesses - Asset Management, Insurance Solutions, and our Operating Businesses, which generate $5 billion of free cash flow annually and continue to grow.

Our  capital  is  invested  across  businesses  that  help  form  the  backbone  of  the  global  economy.  The  cash  flows generated  from  our  businesses  are  generally  underpinned  by  stable,  inflation-linked,  largely  contracted  and growing revenue streams, and high cash margins. We leverage our global presence, the synergies of our businesses and large-scale, flexible capital to achieve strong returns across market cycles. On their own, each of our market leading businesses have a strong growth profile but together they generate synergies which significantly enhance their growth.

As a proven value investor, we remain focused on allocating the distributions we receive from our businesses to enhance value for our shareholders. We will continue to deploy the substantial free cash flows we receive towards supporting the growth of our three businesses, new strategic opportunities, and share buybacks. By leveraging the global reach and expertise of our asset management business, our goal is to identify new investment opportunities that provide strategic value for overall Brookfield and the potential for attractive returns over the long-term.

Our conservatively capitalized balance sheet provides downside  protection and our scale, stability, and diversification  create  a  differentiated  business  model,  positioning  us  well  as  a  partner  of  choice  for  the  global buildout of infrastructure, the transition to a sustainable energy future, and take-private opportunities. We expect the  flexibility  of  our  capital  and  reputation  as  a  good  partner  to  create  a  significant  proprietary  pipeline  of opportunities.

Sound  environmental,  social  and  governance  ('ESG')  principles  are  integral  to  building  resilient  businesses  and creating long-term value for our investors and other stakeholders. As a result, we embed these principles into all our activities, including our investment process, and conduct our business in a sustainable and ethical manner. An emphasis on diversity and inclusion reinforces our culture of collaboration. It strengthens our ability to develop our people and maintain an engaged workforce focused on serving as a trusted partner and first-choice provider of investment solutions.

## ü Investment Focus

We invest in a global and diverse portfolio of high-quality assets or businesses that are predominantly longterm or perpetual in nature and have the following attributes:

- stable, largely contracted or inflation-linked, and growing revenues
- ability to drive outsized financial returns through operational excellence
- highly cash-generative
- high barriers to entry with a market leading position
- offer continuous deployment opportunities

## ü Focused Investment Strategies

We invest where we can bring our competitive advantages to bear, such as our significant and perpetual capital base, our global presence and reputation, and synergies across our strategies.

## ü Proven Capital Allocator

We are a value investor with a strong track record of allocating our capital to generate meaningful compound returns over the long term.

## ü Disciplined Financing Approach

We employ leverage 1 in  a  prudent  manner  to  enhance returns while preserving capital throughout business cycles.  Underlying  investments  are  typically  funded  at  investment-grade  levels  on  a  standalone  and  nonrecourse  basis,  providing  us  with  a  stable  capitalization.  Only  5%  of  the  total  leverage  reported  in  our consolidated financial statements has recourse to the Corporation.

## ü Sustainability

We are  committed  to  ensuring  that  the  assets  and  businesses  in  which  we  invest  are  set  up  for  long-term success, and we seek to have a positive impact on the environment and the communities in which we operate.

We refer to the value of our business as our Invested Capital, which is calculated as the value of our 3 businesses Asset Management, Insurance Solutions, and Operating Businesses. Our financial returns are represented by capital appreciation and distributions from our businesses. The primary performance measures that we use to evaluate the performance of our businesses are distributable earnings ('DE') 1 and funds from operations ('FFO') 1 .

## ASSET MANAGEMENT

Our asset  management business is  one  of  the  world's  leading  alternative  asset  managers,  with  approximately $800 billion of assets under management ('AUM') 1 as at December 31, 2022 across infrastructure, renewable power and transition,  real  estate,  private  equity  and  credit.  The  business  invests  client  capital  for  the  long-term  with  a focus on real assets and essential service businesses that form the backbone of the global economy. The business draws on our heritage as an owner and operator to invest for value and generate strong returns for clients, across economic cycles.

Within each investment vertical, our business manages capital in a variety of products that broadly fall into one of three categories: i) long-term private funds, ii) perpetual strategies and iii) liquid strategies 1 . Products within these three strategies have similar base management fee 1 and carried interest 1 or performance fee 1 drivers.

Our capital in this  business  is  via  our  75%  ownership  interest  in  Brookfield  Asset  Management  ULC  ('BAM') 1 for which we receive quarterly distributions.

## INSURANCE SOLUTIONS

Our insurance  solutions  business 2 owns  and  operates  a  leading  financial  services  business  providing  capitalbased  solutions  to  the  insurance  industry.  Through  operating  subsidiaries,  the  business  provides  annuity-based reinsurance products to insurance and reinsurance companies and acts as a direct issuer of pension risk transfer products  for  pension  plan  sponsors.  In  doing  so,  the  business  seeks  to  match  long-duration  liabilities  with  a portfolio of high-quality investments in order to generate attractive, risk-adjusted returns.

As of December 31, 2022, our business has $4 billion of equity capital and approximately $40 billion of assets with annualized DE of $650 million. The goal of our insurance solutions business is to create one of the world's leading platforms for insurance solutions. It is expected that the capital base of this business will be vastly greater in the future, achieved through internal growth as well as through the addition of new capital from the Corporation and other business partners.

1. See definition in Glossary of Terms beginning on page 129.

2. Our capital in this business is predominantly via our equity accounted investment in Brookfield Reinsurance Ltd.

Our asset management business acts as the investment manager of most of the assets of our insurance solutions business.

## OPERATING BUSINESSES

We have approximately $57 billion of capital in our operating businesses as a result of our history as an owner and operator  of  real  assets.  This  capital  generates  attractive  financial  returns  and  provides  important  stability  and flexibility to the Corporation.

## Renewable Power and Transition, Infrastructure, and Private Equity

Our  investments  in  Renewable  Power  and  Transition,  Infrastructure,  and  Private  Equity  serve  as  publicly  listed permanent capital vehicles that also act as our primary vehicles for making commitments to the flagship private funds of our asset management business, providing them each with a very strong pipeline for growth. Each of these businesses  share  key  characteristics  of  being  highly  diversified  by  sector  and  geography,  generating  stable  and often  inflation  linked  revenue  streams,  high  cash  margins,  market  leading  positions,  high  barriers  to  entry  and opportunities to invest additional capital to enhance returns, all of which enable us to generate very attractive riskadjusted returns on our capital.

Our renewable power and transition business owns diverse and high-quality assets across multiple continents and technologies including hydroelectric, wind, utility-scale solar, and distributed energy and sustainable solutions investments.  Our  capital  in  this  business  is  primarily  via  our  48%  ownership  interest  in  Brookfield  Renewable Partners ('BEP') 1 for  which we receive quarterly distributions. We also enter into energy contracts, which are our contractual arrangement with BEP to purchase power generated by certain North American hydro assets at a fixed price that is then resold on a contracted or uncontracted basis.

Our infrastructure business is  one of the world's largest infrastructure investors and owns and operates assets across the transport, data, utilities, and midstream sectors. Our capital in this business is via our 27% ownership interest in Brookfield Infrastructure Partners ('BIP') 1 for which we receive quarterly distributions.

Our private equity business is a leading private equity investor with a focus on owning and operating businesses that provide essential products and services in the business services, industrials, and residential sectors. Our capital in  this  business  is  via  our  65%  ownership  interest  in  Brookfield  Business  Partners  ('BBU') 1 .  We  also  have  direct investments in various operating companies within the Private Equity segment.

## Real Estate

Our real  estate  business is  a  diversified  global  real  estate  portfolio  that  owns  and  operates  one  of  the  largest portfolios  of  office,  retail,  multifamily  residential,  logistics,  hospitality,  triple  net  lease,  student  housing  and manufactured housing assets.

Our capital in  this  business  is  via  our  100%  ownership  stake  in  Brookfield  Property  Group  ('BPG') 1 ,  which  today consists  of  an  irreplaceable  portfolio  of  trophy  mixed-use  precincts  in  global  gateway  cities  ('Core'),  a  portfolio designed  to  maximize  returns  through  a  development  or  buy-fix-sell  strategy  ('Transitional  &amp;  Development),  of which $3 billion includes our capital invested in our North American residential business, and investments we have made  in  real  estate  private  funds  which  own  high-quality  assets  and  portfolios  with  operational  upside  ('LP Investments').

Our investment in BPG offers a diverse and high-quality portfolio of real estate assets in some of the best locations around the world with a history of outperforming over very long periods of time and through economic cycles.

Refer to Parts 2 and 3 of this MD&amp;A for more information on our operations and performance.

1. See definition in Glossary of Terms beginning on page 129.

Overview

## COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGES

We have three distinct competitive advantages that enable us to consistently identify and acquire high-quality assets and create significant value in the assets that we own and operate.

## SIGNIFICANT &amp; PERPETUAL CAPITAL BASE

We have invested capital 1 of $99 billion and a stable and growing annual free cash flow of $5 billion. The access to significant resources has enabled us to (1) pursue highly accretive growth, (2) accelerate the growth of our asset management business, and (3) build and grow new businesses.

<!-- image -->

## SYNERGIES ACROSS STRATEGIES

We  believe  that  separation  of  business  activities  achieves  efficient  capital  structures  and  focused  growth opportunities  and  collaboration  achieves  higher  returns  and  better  outcomes  for  all  of  our  market  leading businesses. The Corporation and its market leading businesses are strategically aligned for all of them to perform and deliver strong results for stakeholders.

The collaboration between the 2,500+ investment and asset management professionals in our asset management business  and  the  approximately  200,000  operating  employees  located  in  over  30  countries  on  five  continents, provides  Brookfield  with  deep  investment  and  operating  expertise  across  several  sectors  and  industries,  global reach  and  unique  access  to  proprietary  investment  opportunities.  The  complementary  skillsets  of  our  people position us to manage operational risk, achieve operating efficiencies and enhance returns.

1. See definition in Glossary of Terms beginning on page 129.

## GLOBAL REACH

We operate in more than 30 countries on 5 continents around the world.

We  have  incubated,  built,  and  launched  market  leading businesses over the past 20 years, each of which has reached global scale and enables the Corporation to pursue acquisition or growth of the next market leader. Our existing relationships  and  reputation  as  a  superior  partner  are  true differentiators  and  have  increasingly  positioned  us  as  the capital  solutions  provider  of  choice  for  major  global  brands. We  expect  to  leverage  our  resources  and  reputation  to continue to seek opportunities that will provide total returns of over 15%+ a year over the long-term.

ESG

## INVESTMENT CYCLE

## Identify and Acquire High-Quality Assets

We follow a value-based approach to investing and allocating capital. We believe that our disciplined approach, global reach and our operating expertise enable us to identify a wide range of potential opportunities, and allow us  to  invest  at  attractive  valuations  and  generate  superior  risk-adjusted  returns.  We  also  leverage  our considerable expertise in executing recapitalizations, operational turnarounds and large development and capital projects, providing additional opportunities to deploy capital.

## Secure Long-Term Financing

We finance our operations predominantly on a long-term, investment-grade basis, and most of our capital consists of  equity and standalone asset-by-asset financing with minimal recourse to other parts of the organization. We utilize  relatively  modest  levels  of  corporate  debt  to  provide  operational  flexibility  and  optimize  returns.  This provides  us  with  considerable  stability,  improves  our  ability  to  withstand  financial  downturns  and  enables  our management teams to focus on operations and other growth initiatives.

## Enhance Value and Cash Flows Through Operating Expertise

Our strong, time-tested operating capabilities enable us to increase the value of the assets within our businesses and the cash flows they produce, and they help to protect capital in adverse conditions. Our operating expertise, development capabilities and effective financing can help ensure that an investment's full value creation potential is realized, which we believe is one of our most important competitive advantages.

## Realize Capital from Asset Sales or Refinancings

We actively monitor opportunities to sell or refinance assets to generate proceeds; in the limited life funds of our asset  management  business  that  capital  is  returned  to  investors,  and  in  the  case  of  perpetual  funds,  we  then redeploy  the  capital  to  enhance  returns.  In  many  cases,  returning  capital  from  private  funds  completes  the investment process, locks in investor returns and gives rise to performance income.

## Our Operating Cycle Leads to Value Creation

We create value from earning robust returns on our investments that compound over time and grow the feebearing capital of our asset management business. By generating value for our investors and shareholders, we increase  fees  and  carried  interest  received  in  our  asset  management  business,  and  grow  cash  flows  that compound value in our invested capital.

<!-- image -->

## LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

The  Corporation  has  $5  billion  of  core  liquidity 1 ,  inclusive  of  our  proportionate  share  of  liquidity  of  our  asset management business, and $124 billion of total liquidity 1 on a group basis as at December 31, 2022. We manage our liquidity and capitalization on a group-wide basis, which we organize into three principal tiers:

- i) The Corporation, inclusive of our proportionate share of liquidity of our asset management business:
- Strong levels of liquidity are maintained to support growth and ongoing operations.
- Capitalization  consists  of  a  large  common  equity  base,  supplemented  with  perpetual  preferred  shares, long-dated corporate bonds and, from time to time, draws on our corporate credit facilities.
- Negligible guarantees are provided on the financial obligations of perpetual affiliates and managed funds.
- High levels of cash flows are available after payment of common share dividends.
6. ii) Our perpetual affiliates (BEP/BEPC, BIP/BIPC, BBU/BBUC and BPG):
- Strong  levels  of  liquidity  are  maintained  at  each  of  the  perpetual  affiliates  to  support  their  growth  and ongoing operations.
- Perpetual affiliates are intended to be self-funding with stable capitalization through market cycles.
- Financial obligations have no recourse to the Corporation.
10. iii) Our asset management business:
- Each underlying investment (whether held directly or within a perpetual affiliate) is typically funded on a standalone basis.
- Fund level borrowings are generally limited to subscription facilities backed by the capital commitments to the fund.
- Financial obligations have no recourse to the Corporation.

## APPROACH TO CAPITALIZATION

We maintain a prudent level of long-dated capitalization in the form of common equity, perpetual preferred shares and corporate bonds, which provides a very stable capital structure. In addition, we maintain appropriate levels of liquidity  throughout  the  organization  to  fund  operating,  development  and  investment  activities  as  well  as unforeseen requirements.

A key element of our capital strategy is to maintain significant liquidity at the corporate level, primarily in the form of cash, financial assets and undrawn credit lines.

Within our perpetual affiliates and asset management business, we strive to:

- Ensure  our  perpetual  affiliates  can  finance  their  operations  on  a  standalone  basis  without  recourse  to  or reliance on the Corporation.
- Structure borrowings and other financial obligations associated with assets or portfolio companies to provide a stable  capitalization  at  levels  that  are  attractive  to  investors,  are  sustainable  on  a  long-term  basis  and  can withstand business cycles.
- Ensure the vast majority of this debt is at investment-grade levels; however, periodically, we may borrow at subinvestment  grade  levels  in  certain  parts  of  our  business  where  the  borrowings  are  carefully  structured  and monitored.
1. See definition in Glossary of Terms beginning on page 129.

- Provide  recourse  only  to  the  specific  businesses  or  assets  being  financed,  without  cross-collateralization  or parental guarantees.
- Match the duration of our debt to the underlying leases or contracts and match the currency of our debt to that of the assets such that our remaining exposure is on the net equity of the investment.

As at December 31, 2022, only $11 billion of long-term debt has recourse to the Corporation. The remaining debt on our  consolidated  balance  sheet  is  held  within  managed  entities  and  has  no  recourse  to  the  Corporation  but  is consolidated under IFRS.

## LIQUIDITY

- The Corporation has very few capital requirements. Nevertheless, we maintain significant liquidity ($5 billion in the form of cash and financial assets and undrawn credit facilities as at December 31, 2022) at the corporate level to further enable the growth of the broader business.  This does not include our ability to issue debt at the Corporation to replenish our cash resources on an otherwise very conservatively leveraged corporate balance sheet.
- On a group basis, we have approximately $124 billion of liquidity, which includes corporate liquidity, perpetual affiliate liquidity and uncalled private fund commitments. Uncalled private fund commitments are third-party commitments available for drawdown in the private funds of our asset management business.

| AS AT DEC. 31, 2022  (MILLIONS)  Corporate  Liquidity  Group  Liquidity  Cash and financial assets, net  ..............................................................................................................  $  2,893  $  27,440  Undrawn committed credit facilities  ...................................................................................................  2,540  9,284  Core liquidity  .............................................................................................................................................  5,433  36,724  Third-party uncalled private fund commitments  .............................................................................  -  87,364  Total liquidity  .........................................................................................................................................  $  5,433  $  124,088   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

We  utilize  a  metric  we  call  the  Corporation's  Capital  to  manage  the  business  in  a  number  of  ways,  including operating performance, value creation, credit metrics and capital efficiency. The performance of the Corporation's Capital  is  closely  tracked  and  monitored  by  the  company's  key  management  personnel  and  evaluated  against management's objectives. The primary goal of the company is to earn a 15%+ return compounded over the long term while always maintaining significant liquidity to support ongoing operations.

The Corporation's Capital consists of the capital invested in its asset management activities, including investments in entities that it manages, its corporate investments that are held outside of managed entities and its net working capital, and is computed as follows:

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Cash and cash equivalents  ..................................................................................................................  $  1,564  $  1,197  Other financial assets  ...........................................................................................................................  6,959  3,430  Common equity in managed investments  .......................................................................................  44,413  46,248  Other assets and liabilities of the Corporation  ...............................................................................  4,895  6,585  Corporation's Capital  .........................................................................................................................  $  57,831  $  57,460   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Corporation's Capital is funded with common equity, preferred equity and corporate borrowings issued by the Corporation.

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Common equity  ......................................................................................................................................  $  39,608  $  42,210  Preferred shares  ....................................................................................................................................  4,145  4,145  Non-controlling interest  .......................................................................................................................  2,688  230  Corporate borrowings  ..........................................................................................................................  11,390  10,875  Corporation's Capital  .........................................................................................................................  $  57,831  $  57,460   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We maintain a prudent level of capitalization at the Corporation with 81% of our book capitalization in the form of common and preferred equity.  Consistent  with  our  conservative  approach,  our  corporate  borrowings  represent only 19% of our corporate book capitalization and equate to just 5% of our consolidated debt.

The remaining 95% of our consolidated debt is non-recourse and is held within managed entities and has virtually no cross-collateralization or parental guarantees by the Corporation.

The following table presents our total capitalization on a corporate and consolidated basis. Total capitalization also includes amounts payable under long-term incentive plans, fixed annuity liabilities fully backed by financial asset portfolios, deferred tax liabilities and other working capital balances:

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  Corporate  Consolidated  2022  2021  2022  2021  Corporate borrowings  .......................................................................  $  11,390  $  10,875  $  11,390  $  10,875  Non-recourse borrowings  Subsidiary borrowings  ....................................................................  -  -  15,140  12,876  Property-specific borrowings  ........................................................  -  -  187,544  152,181  11,390  10,875  214,074  175,932  Corporation's Capital, excluding corporate borrowings  ............  43,983  46,585  43,983  46,585  Accounts payable, deferred taxes and other  ...............................  6,097  5,403  183,227  168,486  Total capitalization  .............................................................................  $  61,470  $  62,863  $  441,284  $  391,003  Debt to capitalization  .........................................................................  19%  17%  49%  45%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CASH FLOW GENERATION FROM OUR CAPITAL

Our Corporation's Capital generates significant, recurring cash flows at the corporate level, which may be used for (i) reinvestment into the business; or (ii) returning cash to shareholders. These cash flows are underpinned by:

- Distributions from our asset management business, which are supported by fee-related earnings 1 from predominantly long-term or perpetual contractual agreements.
- Insurance solutions operating earnings, which are backed by attractive returns earned on assets that are matched to corresponding predictable, long-duration insurance liabilities.
- Distributions from investments which are stable and backed by high-quality cash-generating real assets.

These  cash  flows  are  supplemented  with  carried  interest  and  disposition  gains  on  principal  investments  as  we monetize mature investments and return capital to our investors.

1. See definition in Glossary of Terms beginning on page 129.

DE was $5.2 billion for 2022, and over the past five years has grown at a 22% compound annual growth rate.

| FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Distributions from asset management business  1  ..............................................................................  $  2,061  $  1,892  Insurance solutions operating earnings  ...............................................................................................  388  30  Distributions from investments  ..............................................................................................................  2,558  2,128  Corporate activities  ....................................................................................................................................  (595)  (462)  Preferred share dividends  2  ......................................................................................................................  (160)  (157)  (755)  (619)  Add back: equity-based compensation costs  ......................................................................................  62  36  Distributable earnings before realizations  .....................................................................................  4,314  3,467  Realized carried interest, net  3, 4  ..............................................................................................................  555  715  Disposition gains from principal investments  .....................................................................................  360  2,100  Distributable earnings  ...........................................................................................................................  $  5,229  $  6,282   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Includes $326 million (2021 - $632 million) of distributable earnings from Oaktree at our share.

2. Includes $10 million (2021 - $9 million) of dividends paid on perpetual subordinated notes for the year ended December 31, 2022.

3. Includes our share of Oaktree's distributable earnings attributable to realized carried interest.

4. See definition in Glossary of Terms beginning on page 129.

Overview

## RISK MANAGEMENT

## FOCUS ON RISK CULTURE

## SHARED EXECUTION

Maintain an effective risk culture that aligns our business strategy and activities with our risk appetite

<!-- image -->

## FOCUS ON RISK CULTURE

A  strong  risk  culture  is  the  cornerstone  of  our  risk  management  program:  one  that  promotes  measured  and appropriate  risk-taking,  addresses  current  and  emerging  risks,  and  ensures  employees  conduct  business  with  a long-term perspective and in a sustainable and ethical manner. This culture is reinforced by strong commitment and leadership from our senior executives, as well as the policies and practices we have implemented, including our compensation approach.

## SHARED EXECUTION

Given the diversified and decentralized nature of our operations, we seek to ensure that risk is managed as close to its source as possible and by the management teams that have the most knowledge and expertise in the specific

## OVERSIGHT &amp; COORDINATION

Business and functional groups are primarily responsible for identifying and managing risks within their business

Consistent approach and practices across business and functional groups, with coordinated management of common risks

## OUR APPROACH

Managing  risk  is  an  integral  and  critical  part  of  our business.  We  have  a  well-established,  proactive  and disciplined  risk  management  approach  that  is  based on clear operating methods and a strong risk management  culture.  We  ensure  that  we  have  the necessary capacity and resilience to respond to changing environments by evaluating both current and emerging risks. We adhere to a robust risk management  framework  and methodology that is designed to enable comprehensive  and  consistent management of risk across the organization. We use a thorough  and  integrated  risk  assessment  process  to identify  and  evaluate  risk  areas  across  the  business, including human  capital, climate change, liquidity, disruption,  regulatory  compliance  and  other  strategic, financial, and operational risks. Management and mitigation  approaches  are  tailored  to  the  specific  risk areas and executed by business and functional groups for  their  businesses  and  areas  of  responsibility,  with appropriate coordination and oversight through monitoring and reporting processes.

business  or  risk  area.  As  such,  business  specific  risks-such  as  health  and  safety,  environmental  and  other operational risks-are generally managed at the operating business level, as the risks vary based on the nature of each business. At the same time, we monitor key risks organization-wide to ensure adequacy of risk management, adherence to applicable Brookfield policies, and sharing of best practices.

For risks that are more pervasive and correlated in their impact across the organization-such as liquidity, foreign exchange and interest rates or where we can bring specialized knowledge-we utilize a coordinated approach that is  centralized amongst our corporate and business groups. Management of strategic, reputational and regulatory compliance risks are similarly coordinated to ensure consistent focus and implementation across the organization.

## Oversight &amp; Coordination

We  have  implemented  strong  governance  practices  to  monitor  and  oversee  our  risk  management  program. Management  committees  bring  together  required  expertise  to  manage  key  risk  areas,  ensuring  appropriate application and coordination of risk management practices across our business and functional groups, and include the following:

- Risk  Management  Steering  Committee -  supports  the  overall  corporate  risk  management  program,  and coordinates risk assessment and mitigation on an enterprise-wide basis
- Investment  Committees -oversees the investment process and reviews and approves investment transactions
- Conflicts  Committee -  resolves  potential  conflict  situations  in  the  investment  process  and  other  corporate transactions
- Financial Risk Oversight Committee - reviews and monitors financial exposures
- ESG Leadership - oversees, coordinates and implements activities related to ESG, including current and future initiatives, and sector and market trends
- Safety  Leadership  Committee -  promotes  strong  safety  culture,  monitors  safety  trends,  and  sponsors strategic initiatives related to health, safety, security and environmental matters
- Net  Zero  Steering  Committee -  Develop  decarbonization  targets,  operationalize  approach  and  share  best practices across the organization
- Disclosure Committee - oversees the public disclosure of material information

Brookfield's Board of Directors (the 'Board') oversees risk management with a focus on more significant risks, and leverages management's monitoring processes. The Board has delegated responsibility for oversight of specific risks to the following board committees :

- Risk  Management  Committee -  oversees  the  management  of  Brookfield's  significant  financial  and  nonfinancial risk exposures, including review of risk assessment and risk management practices, and confirms that the company has an appropriate risk-taking philosophy and suitable risk capacity
- Audit  Committee -  oversees  the  management  of  risks  related  to  Brookfield's  systems  and  procedures  for financial reporting, as well as for associated internal and external audit processes
- Management Resources and Compensation Committee - oversees risks related to Brookfield's management resource planning, including succession planning, executive compensation and senior executives' performance
- Governance  and  Nominating  Committee -  oversees  risks  related  to  Brookfield's  governance  structure, including  the  effectiveness  of  board  and  committee  activities,  potential  conflicts  of  interest,  and  ESG governance

Overview

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE MANAGEMENT

## ESG AT BROOKFIELD

Our business philosophy is based on our conviction that acting responsibly toward our stakeholders is foundational to operating a productive, profitable and  sustainable business, and  that value creation and  sustainable development are complementary goals. This view has been underpinned by what we have learned throughout our 100+ year heritage as an owner and operator of long-term assets, many of which form the backbone of the global economy.  Our  long-term  focus  lends  itself  to  robust  ESG  programs  throughout  our  business  and  underlying operations, which has always been a key priority for us.

While ESG principles have always been embedded in how we run our business, we formalized our approach with the publication of Brookfield's ESG principles in 2016. In 2022, we developed a global ESG Policy incorporating our practices related to operationalizing our ESG principles. This document codifies our longstanding commitment to integrating ESG considerations into our decision-making and day-to-day asset management activities. This policy is reviewed  annually  and  updated  on  an  as-needed  basis  by  senior  executives  at  Brookfield  as  well  as  each  of Brookfield's business groups. Our ESG policy outlines our approach to ESG which is based on the following guiding principles:

## Mitigate the impact of our operations on the environment:

- Strive  to  minimize  the  environmental  impact  of  operations  and  improve  our  efficient  use  of  resources  over time.
- Support the goal of net-zero greenhouse gas ('GHG') emissions by 2050 or sooner.

## Ensure the well-being and safety of employees:

- Foster  a  positive  work  environment  based  on  respect  for  human  rights,  valuing  diversity,  and  having  zero tolerance for workplace discrimination, violence or harassment.
- Operate with leading health and safety practices to support the goal of zero serious safety incidents.

## Uphold strong governance practices:

- Operate  to  the  highest  ethical  standards  by  conducting  business  activities  in  accordance  with  our  Code  of Conduct.
- Maintain strong stakeholder relationships through transparency and active engagement.

## Be good corporate citizens:

- Ensure the interests,  safety  and  well-being  of  the  communities  in  which  we  operate  are  integrated  into  our business decisions.
- Support philanthropy and volunteerism by our employees.

## ESG Governance

Robust  ESG  programs  throughout  our  businesses  and  underlying  operations  has  always  been  a  key  priority. Brookfield understands that good governance is essential to sustainable business operations. Brookfield's Board of Directors, through its Governance and Nominating Committee, has ultimate oversight of Brookfield's ESG strategy and receives regular updates on the company's ESG initiatives throughout the year.

ESG

Brookfield's ESG programs are supported by senior executives and experts within our asset management business, who are  charged  with  primary  accountability  for  driving  ESG  initiatives  based  on  business  imperatives,  industry developments and best practices. This model facilitates the ability to leverage Brookfield's extensive industry and operational  expertise  and  align  our  ESG  priorities.  In  each  case,  our  ESG  initiatives  are  supported  by  asset management professionals from each of these constituencies.

## ESG Integration into the Investment Process

During the initial due diligence phase of an investment, we proactively identify material ESG risks and opportunities relevant to the particular asset. We leverage our investment and operating expertise and utilize Brookfield's ESG Due  Diligence  Guidelines  which  incorporate  the  engagement  guide  published  by  the  Sustainability  Accounting Standards Board ("SASB") guidance. In 2022, we enhanced our ESG Due Diligence Guidelines with the addition of a comprehensive climate change risk assessment. We have also added a separate human rights and modern slavery risk assessment to our ESG Due Diligence Guidelines with the objective of mitigating the risks of modern slavery and human  rights  violations,  including  within  supply  chains.  Where  appropriate,  we  perform  deeper  due  diligence, working with internal experts and third-party advisors as needed.

All investments made by Brookfield must be approved by the applicable Investment Committee, which makes its decision based on a set of predetermined criteria. To facilitate this, investment teams outline for the committee the merits of the transaction and material risks, mitigants and significant opportunities for improvement, including those related to ESG, such as bribery and corruption, health and safety, and climate-related risks.

As part of each acquisition, investment teams create a tailored integration plan that includes, among other things, material ESG-related matters for review or execution. Brookfield looks to advance ESG initiatives and improve ESG performance to drive long-term value creation, as well as to manage any associated risks. We have witnessed and continue to see a strong correlation between managing these considerations and enhancing investment returns. It is  the  responsibility  of  the  management  teams  within  each  portfolio  company  to  manage  ESG  risks  and opportunities through the investment's life cycle, supported by the applicable investment team. The combination of having  local  accountability  and  expertise  in  tandem  with  Brookfield's  investment  and  operating  capabilities  is important when managing a wide range of asset types across jurisdictions.

When preparing an asset for divestiture, we create robust business plans outlining potential value creation deriving from several different factors, including ESG considerations. We also prepare both qualitative and quantitative data that summarize the ESG performance of the investment and provide a holistic understanding of how Brookfield has managed the investment.

Below is a summary of some of the ESG initiatives that we undertook in 2022. For additional information, please refer to Brookfield's latest ESG report.

## ENVIRONMENTAL

Climate change mitigation and adaptation continues to be a key area of focus and Brookfield has made progress in a number of areas.

## TCFD Alignment

Since  becoming  supporters  of  the  TCFD  in  2021,  Brookfield  has  made  progress  on  aligning  with  the  TCFD's recommended  disclosures.  Over  the  last  year,  we  completed  a  climate  risk  management  review  to  better understand  the  physical  and  transition  risk  and  opportunities  profile  across  our  businesses.  We  are  leveraging those results to identify improvement opportunities in approaching climate change mitigation and adaptation and continue  to  work  to  integrate  those  considerations  into  Brookfield's  asset  management  business,  as  well  as  its operating businesses and portfolio companies. Brookfield's climate risk management methodology is aligned with the TCFD's recommendations, and we are working towards publishing our inaugural 2022 TCFD report in the first half of 2023.

## Commitment to Net Zero

Brookfield has become a signatory to the Net Zero Asset Managers initiative ('NZAM'), to further our commitment to  support  the  transition  to  a  net  zero  carbon  economy.  NZAM  is  a  group  of  international  asset  managers committed to supporting the goal of net zero GHG emissions by 2050 or sooner. To fulfill this commitment, our asset  management business is commencing to take account of emissions, prioritize emissions reductions across Brookfield's businesses, and work towards publishing disclosures in line with the recommendations of the TCFD.

In 2022, we submitted our 2030 net zero interim target, setting out our commitment to reduce emissions by twothirds by 2030 across $147 billion (approximately one-third) of our AUM from a 2020 base-line year 1 .

An  integral  part  of  Brookfield's  net  zero  commitment  is  the  allocation  of  capital  towards  climate  solutions.  Our interim emissions target is comprised of assets across our businesses, including real estate, infrastructure, private equity, and renewable power and transition. In setting our interim target, we focused on investments where:

- a. We have control and therefore sufficient influence over the outcomes;
- b. We could identify and implement actionable initiatives in the near term, and;
- c. We assessed it to be value accretive to do so over the life of the investment.

Our intention is to increase the proportion of assets to be managed in line with net zero annually or as frequently as possible, consistent with our ambition to reach 100% over time. Our net-zero interim target includes Scope 1 and 2 emissions of Brookfield's portfolio companies or otherwise the majority of 'financed emissions' 2 .

To  support  our  progress  towards  achieving  our  net-zero  ambition,  our  focus  over  the  past  year  has  been  on building teams and devoting additional resources to facilitate the development of credible decarbonization plans across all AUM. In undertaking this work, we will focus our net-zero efforts on investments where we have the best opportunity to achieve measurable positive outcomes.

In addition to the work that we are undertaking with our existing assets, we recently launched BGTF, which is the largest of its kind in the world with $15 billion dedicated to accelerating the global transition to net zero. BGTF is an important component of our net-zero strategy and will pursue opportunities only where we can make measurable positive  impact,  including  through  the  development  of  additional  clean  power  capacity  or  decarbonizing  carbonintensive businesses.

## SOCIAL

## Diversity, Equity and Inclusion

We recognize that our success depends upon the quality, capabilities and commitment of our people across our businesses. Developing our over 2,500 investment and asset management employees and ensuring their continued engagement  is  therefore  one  of  our  top  priorities.  We  aim  to  create  an  environment  that  is  built  on  strong relationships  and  conducive  to  developing  our  workforce,  and  where  individuals  from  diverse  backgrounds  can thrive. In 2022, we continued to work on ensuring that our talent attraction and retention efforts and our diversity, equity and inclusion efforts are in line with best practices.

Our  approach  to  diversity,  equity  and  inclusion  has  been  deliberate  and  is  integrated  into  our  human  capital development  processes  and  initiatives.  Having  a  diverse  workforce  reinforces  our  culture  of  collaboration  and strengthens our ability to develop team members and maintain an engaged workforce. We seek to foster a diverse and  inclusive  workplace  by  ensuring  leaders  understand  their  role  in  creating  an  inclusive  environment  and  by maintaining a focus on disciplined talent management processes that seek to mitigate the impact of unconscious bias. We believe that these priorities are foundational to our success in enhancing diversity and inclusion within the workplace, where career advancement is directly tied to performance and to alignment with our values of making decisions with intense collaboration and a long-term focus.

1. Expressed as a percentage of total AUM excluding Oaktree Capital Management.

2. Excludes Scope 3 emissions in investments where Brookfield does not have control.

## Occupational Health and Safety

Occupational health and safety continues to be integral to how we manage our businesses. As health and safety risk varies  across  industries,  sectors,  and  the  nature  of  operations,  we  emphasize  the  importance  of  our  operating businesses having direct accountability and responsibility for managing and reporting risks within their operations, with Brookfield providing support and strategic oversight at the business's board (or similarly situated governance body). For details on our health and safety framework, as it relates to our operating businesses, please refer to Brookfield's latest ESG report.

## Human Rights and Modern Slavery

Brookfield is committed to conducting our business in an ethical and responsible manner. We continue to work to identify  and  prevent  potential  human  rights  and  modern  slavery  violations  within  our  business  environment, including  supply  chains,  and  we  look  for  ways  to  support  the  promotion  of  human  rights.  Our  approach  to addressing human rights, including modern slavery, is designed to be commensurate with the risks we face, which vary based on jurisdiction, industry and sector. Brookfield has a modern slavery and human trafficking policy that provides guidance on measures to prevent and detect modern slavery. In addition, we have several other policies and procedures that provide guidance on the identification of human rights and modern slavery risks and the steps to be taken to mitigate these risks. These include our Code of Conduct, Vendor Management Guidelines, including the  Vendor  Code  of  Conduct,  ESG  Due  Diligence  Guidelines,  Anti-Bribery  and  Corruption  Policy,  Anti-Money Laundering and Trade Sanctions Policy and Whistleblowing Policy. Our portfolio companies' senior management teams are each responsible for identifying and managing the human rights risks, including modern slavery, for their individual businesses.

All employees receive modern slavery training as part of the onboarding process and access ongoing training, as necessary. Additional training relevant to applicable regions and role, particularly in higher-risk functions such as procurement is  provided.  We  also  encourage  employees,  suppliers  and  business  partners  to  report  concerns  in accordance with our Whistleblowing Policy.

We are cognizant of the fact that the risks of human rights, modern slavery and human trafficking are complex and evolving, and we will continue to work on addressing these risks in our business.

## GOVERNANCE

We recognize that strong governance is essential to sustainable business operations, and we aim to conduct our business according to the highest ethical and legal standards.

## Stewardship and Engagement

Brookfield is one of the largest owners and operators of real assets globally. In managing our assets, we utilize our active asset management  approach  to  collaborate  directly  with  our  portfolio  companies  to  facilitate  the implementation of sound ESG practices that are essential for resilient businesses, while creating long-term value for our investors and stakeholders.

In addition, Brookfield utilizes its Proxy Voting Guidelines to ensure that we are voting proxies in our investors' best interests, in accordance with any applicable proxy voting agreements and consistent with the investment mandate. While our public securities holdings are modest relative to our AUM, we considered it important to formally record the  variety  of  ESG  factors  that  we  assess  in  determining  whether  voting  a  proxy  is  in  the  client's  best  interests, including gender equality, board diversity, ecology and sustainability, climate change, ethics, human rights, and data security and privacy. As part of our Proxy Voting Guidelines, Brookfield has created a Proxy Voting Committee that comprises senior executives across Brookfield and oversees proxy voting across our holdings. These guidelines also uphold  our  strong  commitment  to  ESG  practices,  and  our  stance  concerning  climate  risk,  human  rights,  and diversity, equity and inclusion.

## ESG Regulation

We aim to uphold strong governance practices,  and  we  actively  monitor  proposed  and  evolving  ESG  legislation, regulation  and  market  practices  in  all  jurisdictions  in  which  we  operate.  This  includes,  for  example,  the  EU Sustainable  Finance  Disclosure  Regulation  and  EU  Taxonomy  Regulation  as  well  as  the  newly  announced International Sustainability Standards Board. We seek to continuously improve and refine our processes by actively participating in the development and implementation of new industry standards and best practices.

## Data Privacy and Cybersecurity

Data  privacy  and  cybersecurity  remain  key  ESG  focus  areas  for  us.  In  2022,  we  undertook  initiatives  to  further enhance our data protection and threat-intelligence capabilities, and we worked on improving our processes for third-party  risk  management.  We  review  and  update  our  cybersecurity  program  annually  and  conduct  regular external-party  assessments  of  our  program  maturity  based  on  the  NIST  Cybersecurity  Framework.  Finally,  in addition to continued mandatory cybersecurity education for all employees, we enhanced our phishing simulations to include more advanced simulations and social engineering.

## ESG Affiliations and Partnerships

Finally,  we  continue  to  align  our  business  practices  with  frameworks  for  responsible  investing  and  are  an  active participant  in  industry  forums  and  other  organizations.  We  are  a  signatory  to  the  United  Nations-supported Principles  for  Responsible  Investment  ('PRI'),  which  demonstrates  our  ongoing  commitment  to  responsible investment  and  ESG  best  practices.  As  a  participant  in  organizations  like  the  PRI,  the  TCFD  and  NZAM,  we  are committed to ongoing engagement and stewardship and the promotion of leading ESG practices-both with our portfolio companies and with the broader asset management industry-that are designed to enhance the value of our assets and businesses. In addition, through our membership in these organizations and other industry forums, we remain actively involved in discussions aimed at advancing ESG awareness across private and public markets and enhance our reporting and protocols in line with evolving best practices.

## PART 2

## REVIEW OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL RESULTS

The following section contains a discussion and analysis of line items presented within our consolidated financial statements. The financial data in this section has been prepared in accordance with IFRS unless otherwise noted. Starting on page 53, we provide an overview of our fair value accounting process and why we believe it provides useful  information  for  investors  about  our  performance.  We  also  provide  an  overview  of  our  application  of  the control-based model under IFRS used to determine whether or not an investment should be consolidated.

## OVERVIEW

During  2022,  our  operating  performance  was  strong  despite  a  more  challenging  economic  backdrop,  driven  by growth within our asset management franchise, the continued ramp-up in earnings from our insurance solutions business, and the resilience of our inflation-protected and highly cash-generative global portfolio of real assets.

Net  income  was  $5.2  billion  in  the  current  year,  with  $2.1  billion  attributable  to  common  shareholders ($1.19 per share) and the remaining income attributable to non-controlling interests.

The $7.2 billion decrease in consolidated net income and the $1.9 billion decrease in net income attributable to common shareholders were primarily attributable to:

- contributions from acquisitions during the current year and the second half of 2021 and same-store 1 growth across our operations;
- an increase in equity accounted income of $162 million from organic growth;
- income  tax  expense  of  $1.5  billion  compared  to  $2.3  billion  in  2021,  predominantly  attributable  to  a  lower taxable income and recognition of previously unrecognized tax losses; which were more than offset by
- valuation decreases of $1.0 billion compared to an increase of $5.2 billion in the prior year, primarily driven by lower valuations on certain assets within our Real Estate segment, and the absence of one-time gains recorded in the prior year within our Infrastructure segment;
- increase  in  interest  expense  of  $3.1  billion  mainly  related  to  incremental  debt  from  recent  acquisitions, increased interest rates on variable rate debt obligations, and asset-level financings across the business; and
- higher depreciation expense primarily as a result of recent acquisitions.

Our consolidated balance sheet primarily increased as a result of assets acquired, net of liabilities. Further increases relate  to  revaluations  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  ('PP&amp;E')  primarily  within  our  Renewable  Power  and Transition and Real Estate segments. These increases were partially offset by dispositions during the year of a U.K. student  housing  business  within  our  Real  Estate  segment  and  a  portfolio  of  telecommunication  towers  in  New Zealand within our Infrastructure segment.

1. See definition in Glossary of Terms beginning on page 129.

## INCOME STATEMENT ANALYSIS

The following table summarizes the financial results of the company for 2022, 2021 and 2020:

| FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)  Change  2022  2021  2020  2022 vs.  2021  2021 vs.  2020  Revenues  ...............................................................................  $  92,769  $  75,731  $  62,752  $  17,038  $  12,979  Direct costs  1  ..........................................................................  (78,511)  (64,000)  (53,177)  (14,511)  (10,823)  Other income and gains  .....................................................  1,594  3,099  785  (1,505)  2,314  Equity accounted income  ...................................................  2,613  2,451  (79)  162  2,530  Expenses  Interest  ................................................................................  (10,702)  (7,604)  (7,213)  (3,098)  (391)  Corporate costs  .................................................................  (122)  (116)  (101)  (6)  (15)  Fair value changes  ...............................................................  (977)  5,151  (1,423)  (6,128)  6,574  Income tax expense  ............................................................  (1,469)  (2,324)  (837)  855  (1,487)  Net income  ..........................................................................  5,195  12,388  707  (7,193)  11,681  Non-controlling interests  ...................................................  (3,139)  (8,422)  (841)  5,283  (7,581)  Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders  .....  $  2,056  $  3,966  $  (134)  $  (1,910)  $  4,100  Net income (loss) per share  2  ..........................................  $  1.19  $  2.39  $  (0.12)  $  (1.20)  $  2.51   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Direct costs include $7.7 billion of depreciation and amortization expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. During the fourth quarter of 2021, the company reclassified $6.4 billion of depreciation and amortization, which were previously presented as a separate line item, to direct costs. Prior period amounts were also adjusted to reflect this change, which resulted in a $5.8 billion increase to direct costs for the year ended December 31, 2020, with an equal and offsetting decrease to depreciation and amortization. This reclassification had no impact on revenues, net income, or basic and diluted earnings per share.

2. Adjusted to reflect the three-for-two stock split effective April 1, 2020.

## 2022 vs. 2021

Revenues for the year were $92.8 billion, an increase of $17.0 billion or 22% compared to 2021, primarily due to higher same-store results and the impact of recent acquisitions, net of asset sales, including:

- contributions from our Infrastructure segment as a result of inflation indexation, additions to rate base, and organic growth;
- additions  to  revenue  from  our  Renewable  Power  and  Transition  segment  as  a  result  of  inflation  indexation, recontracting initiatives, and higher global merchant power; and
- revenues  from  acquisitions  during  the  year,  net  of  the  absence  of  contributions  from  businesses  fully  or partially sold; partially offset by
- unfavorable  currency  translation  in  our  Infrastructure  and  Renewable  Power  and  Transition  segments, particularly due to the weakening of the Brazilian real and Colombian peso versus the U.S. dollar.

A discussion of the impact on revenues and net income from recent acquisitions and dispositions can be found on page 44.

Direct costs increased by 23% or $14.5 billion primarily due to:

- higher  input  prices  and  volumes  at  our  road  fuels  operations  within  our  Private  Equity  segment,  and incremental costs associated with organic growth initiatives at our Infrastructure segment; and
- higher direct costs related to recent acquisitions, net of dispositions; partially offset by
- cost saving initiatives across our businesses.

Other  income  and  gains  of  $1.6  billion  primarily  relate  to  the  sale  of  our  Brazil  power  transmission  and  North American container terminal operations in our Infrastructure segment. The decrease compared to 2021 is primarily driven by higher gains on dispositions of certain assets in our Infrastructure segment in the prior year.

Equity accounted income increased by $162 million primarily due to organic growth.

Interest  expense  of  $10.7  billion  increased  by  $3.1  billion  compared  to  2021  due  to  higher  interest  rates  and additional borrowings associated with acquisitions, partially offset by the impact of dispositions.

We recorded lower valuations of $977 million, compared to an increase in valuations of $5.2 billion in the prior year. Valuation  increases  on  our  investment  properties  within  our  Real  Estate  portfolio  were  more  than  offset  by transaction related and other fair value changes. Refer to pages 45 and 46 for a discussion on fair value changes.

We recorded an income tax expense of $1.5 billion for the year compared to $2.3 billion in the prior year mainly due to lower taxable income and the recognition of previously unrecognized tax losses.

## 2021 vs. 2020

Revenues increased by $13.0 billion in 2021 due to:

- the recovery from the pandemic related economic shutdowns in 2020;
- higher volumes and prices at our road fuels and our advanced energy storage operations within our Private Equity segment;
- higher occupancy at our hospitality and core portfolios within our Real Estate segment;
- additional contributions from our wind assets and our gas storage business in our Renewable Power and Transition and  Infrastructure  segments,  respectively,  as  a  result of  higher  realized  market  prices and operational strength through the extreme weather conditions experienced in the U.S. during the first quarter of 2021; and
- a  full  year  of  contributions  from  acquisitions  completed  in  2020,  net  of  lower  generation  at  our hydroelectric facilities in North America in our Renewable Power and Transition segment, as well as lower revenues at our offshore oil services operations within our Private Equity segment.

Direct costs increased by $10.8 billion in 2021 due to:

- the aforementioned higher volumes at our road fuels operations;
- an increase in depreciation and amortization expense, due to an increase in the carrying value of our PP&amp;E due to acquisitions and from the impact of revaluation gains as part of our year-end revaluation process;
- higher direct costs related to recent acquisitions, net of dispositions; and
- incremental costs associated with organic growth initiatives at our operations; partially offset by
- cost saving initiatives across our businesses.

Other income and gains of $3.1 billion in 2021 primarily relate to the sale of our Canadian and U.S. district energy operations in our Infrastructure segment.

Equity  accounted  income  increased  from  a  loss  of  $79  million  to  income  of  $2.5  billion.  This  increase  primarily related  to  valuation  increases  in  our  Real  Estate  retail  portfolio  and  strong  operating  performance  at  Oaktree Capital Management ('Oaktree') 1 ; partially offset by the absence of contributions from Norbord Inc. ('Norbord') 1 .

Interest expense of $7.6 billion in 2021 increased due to additional borrowings associated with acquisitions, partially offset by the impact of dispositions and the refinancing of debt across our operations.

We recorded valuation increases of $5.2 billion in 2021, compared to decreases of $1.4 billion in 2020, primarily as a result of valuation increases on our LP investments, partially offset by lower valuations of certain retail portfolios across our Real Estate business.

Income tax expense increased by $1.5 billion to $2.3 billion in 2021, primarily due to an increase in tax rates in the U.K. and Colombia, higher taxable income and the tax impact of the aforementioned fair value uplifts.

1. See definition in Glossary of Terms beginning on page 129.

## SIGNIFICANT ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS

We have summarized below the impact of recent significant acquisitions and dispositions on our results for 2022:

| Acquisitions  Dispositions  FOR THE YEAR ENDED DEC. 31, 2022  (MILLIONS)  Revenue  Net  Income (Loss)  Revenue  Net  (Income) Loss  Renewable Power and Transition  .....................  $  202  $  45  $  (77)  $  (4)  Infrastructure  ........................................................  2,457  212  (411)  (87)  Private Equity  .........................................................  8,097  (377)  (11)  (56)  Real Estate  ..............................................................  1,296  620  (851)  (531)  $  12,052  $  500  $  (1,350)  $  (678)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ACQUISITIONS

Acquisitions in 2022 and 2021 contributed incremental revenues and net income of $12.1 billion and $500 million, respectively, in the current year.

## Renewable Power and Transition

Within our Renewable Power and Transition segment, recent acquisitions contributed to incremental revenues and net income of $202 million and $45 million, respectively. These contributions were primarily due to the acquisitions of a hydro asset in Columbia in the second half of 2021, and a solar developer in Germany in the first quarter of 2022.

## Infrastructure

Recent  acquisitions  contributed  incremental  revenues  of  $2.5  billion  and  net  income  of  $212  million.  These contributions were primarily from Inter Pipeline Ltd. ('IPL') 1 which was acquired in 2021.

## Private Equity

Within our Private Equity segment, recent acquisitions contributed incremental revenues of $8.1 billion and a net loss  of  $377  million.  These  contributions  and  net  loss  were  primarily  from  acquisitions  of  our  engineered components manufacturing operations and our modular building leasing services operations in 2021, as well as our lottery services operations and our dealer software and technology services operations in the current year.

## Real Estate

Recent  acquisitions  contributed  incremental  revenues  of  $1.3  billion  and  net  income  of  $620  million.  These contributions were primarily from the acquisition of investment properties made through our Brookfield Strategic Real Estate Partners IV fund ('BSREP IV') 1 .

## DISPOSITIONS

Recent asset sales reduced revenues and net income by $1.4 billion and $678 million, respectively, in the current year.  The  assets  that  most  significantly  impacted  our  results  were  the  dispositions  of  our  U.S.  hospitality  assets, triple  net  lease  and  mixed-use  portfolios  in  our  Real  Estate  segment  and  our  North  American  District  Energy business and Chilean toll road operations in our Infrastructure segment.

1. See definition in Glossary of Terms beginning on page 129.

## FAIR VALUE CHANGES

The following table disaggregates fair value changes into major components to facilitate analysis:

| FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Change  Investment properties  ............................................................................................................  $  629  $  5,073  $  (4,444)  Transaction related (expenses) income  ..............................................................................  (533)  714  (1,247)  Financial contracts  ...................................................................................................................  (163)  984  (1,147)  Impairment and provisions  ...................................................................................................  (293)  (654)  361  Other fair value changes  ........................................................................................................  (617)  (966)  349  Total fair value changes  ..........................................................................................................  $  (977)  $  5,151  $  (6,128)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

Investment properties are recorded at fair value with changes recorded in net income. We present the investment properties of our Real Estate segment within three sub-segments. The sub-segments are based on our strategy to maintain an irreplaceable portfolio of trophy mixed-use precincts in global gateway cities ('Core'), maximize returns through a development or buy-fix-sell strategy ('Transitional and Development'), or recycle capital from the private funds ('LP Investments') of our asset management business.

The following table disaggregates investment property fair value changes by asset type:

| FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Change  Core  .............................................................................................................................................  $  75  $  (174)  $  249  Transitional and Development  1  ............................................................................................  (1,700)  (50)  (1,650)  LP Investments and Other  1  ....................................................................................................  2,254  5,297  (3,043)  $  629  $  5,073  $  (4,444)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Valuation  increases  on  residential  assets  in  2021  of  $209  million  were  reclassified  from  LP  Investments  and  Other  to  Transitional  and Development as a result of the inclusion of the North American and Australian Residential operations into the Real Estate segment beginning in the fourth quarter of 2022.

We discuss the key valuation inputs of our investment properties beginning on page 95.

## Core

Valuation increases of $75 million are mainly due to higher cash flows from our retail assets reflecting near term leasing outperformance and higher rent collections from luxury retail tenants. These gains were partially offset by lower valuations across numerous U.S. offices due to discount rate increases and market assumptions.

Valuations decreases of $174 million in the prior year, primarily due to lower cash flow and leasing assumptions on certain retail assets, as well as changes in market leasing assumptions on our downtown New York office portfolio. These decreases were partially offset by increased valuations of our office portfolio in Canada.

## Transitional and Development

Valuation decreases of $1.7 billion primarily relate to unfavorable market rent and vacancy assumptions, and higher expected rent concessions based on leasing trends at our retail and office portfolios.

Valuation  decreases  of  $50  million  in  the  prior  year  were  primarily  related  to  weaker  leasing  and  cash  flow assumptions on retail assets, partially offset by an increase in values on certain office assets in Australia as a result of higher external appraisal values.

## LP Investments and Other

Valuation increases of $2.3 billion primarily relate to:

- fair  value  uplifts  in  our  U.S.  logistics  portfolio  due  to  achievement  of  development  milestones  and  higher market  rent,  and  in  our  Brazil  office  portfolio  due  to  higher  occupancy  and  cash  flow  assumptions  for  the portfolio acquired during the year; and
- higher valuation of our Australian senior living and U.S. manufactured housing portfolios due to market price increases; partially offset by
- discount and capitalization rate expansion due to market conditions at certain assets in Europe.

In the prior year, valuation increases of $5.3 billion were primarily due to uplifts in our U.S. manufactured housing and Australian senior living businesses, our Forest City Realty Trust Inc. and U.S. logistics portfolios, our mixed-use property in Seoul, and our U.S. multi-family REIT. These increases were partially offset by valuation decreases on certain retail assets in the U.S. as a result of changes to cash flow assumptions.

## TRANSACTION RELATED (EXPENSES) INCOME

Transaction related expenses, net of income, totaled $533 million for the year primarily due to transaction costs and restructuring charges within our Private Equity segment. The expenses also include certain legal and professional costs  in  our  Corporate  Activities  segment  that  related  to  the  listing  and  special  distribution  of  our  asset management business.

The  prior  year  transaction  related  income,  net  of  expenses,  of  $714  million  primarily  relate  to  a  gain  on  the deconsolidation of our investment in our graphite electrode operations within our Private Equity segment. This gain was partially offset by transaction costs related to recent acquisitions, as well as restructuring costs incurred in our Private Equity segment.

## FINANCIAL CONTRACTS

Financial contracts include mark-to-market gains and losses related to foreign currency, interest rate and pricing exposures that are not designated as hedges.

Financial contracts drove a $163 million decrease in fair value changes for the year, primarily attributable to lower valuations  of  short  term-financial  contracts  that  relate  to  hedges  of  power  prices  in  our  Renewable  Power  and Transition  segment.  The  decrease  also  includes  lower  valuations  of  certain  financial  assets  within  our  Corporate Activities segment.

Gains of $984 million in the prior year primarily related to gains on our toehold positions in our Infrastructure and Real Estate segments, as well as fair value gains on our venture investments. These gains were partially offset by the mark-to-market movement on short-term financial contracts to hedge power prices in our Renewable Power and Transition business.

## IMPAIRMENT PROVISIONS

Impairment and provisions expense of $293 million in the year is primarily attributable to the impairment of PP&amp;E due to weaker performance of certain hospitality assets within our Real Estate segment.

## OTHER FAIR VALUE CHANGES

The decrease in other fair value changes of $617 million in the year relates to mark-to-market fair value movements on financial assets within our Infrastructure segment, as well as accretion expenses and amortization of deferred financing  fees  across  most  segments.  The  remainder  of  the  decrease  is  various  one-time  charges  across  our segments.

## INCOME TAXES

We recorded an aggregate income tax expense of $1.5 billion in 2022 (2021 - $2.3 billion), including current tax expenses of $1.3 billion (2021 - $1.1 billion) and deferred tax expense of $191 million (2021 - $1.2 billion).

Our income tax provision does not include a number of non-income taxes paid that are recorded elsewhere in our consolidated  financial  statements.  For  example,  a  number  of  our  operations  in  Brazil  are  required  to  pay  nonrecoverable taxes on revenue, which are included in direct costs as opposed to income taxes. In addition, we pay considerable  property,  payroll  and  other  taxes  that  represent  an  important  component  of  the  tax  base  in  the jurisdictions in which we operate, which are also predominantly recorded in direct costs.

Our effective income tax rate is different from the Canadian domestic statutory income tax rate due to the following differences:

| FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  2022  2021  Change  Statutory income tax rate  ...............................................................................................................  26%  26%  -%  (Reduction) increase in rate resulting from:  Portion of gains subject to different tax rates  ........................................................................  (2)  (3)  1  Change in tax rates and new legislation  ..................................................................................  (1)  3  (4)  Taxable income attributed to non-controlling interests  .......................................................  (3)  (10)  7  International operations subject to different tax rates  ........................................................  3  (1)  4  Recognition of deferred tax assets  ............................................................................................  (6)  (2)  (4)  Non-recognition of the benefit of current year tax losses  ...................................................  3  2  1  Other  ................................................................................................................................................  2  1  1  Effective income tax rate  ................................................................................................................  22%  16%  6%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Many of our operations are held in partially owned 'flow-through' entities, such as partnerships, and any tax liability is incurred by the investors as opposed to the entity. As a result, while our consolidated earnings include income attributable to non-controlling ownership interests in these entities, our consolidated tax provision includes only our proportionate share of the associated tax provision of these entities. In other words, we are consolidating all the net income, but only our share of the associated tax provision. This reduced our effective tax rate by 3% this year.

We operate in countries with different tax rates, most of which vary from our domestic statutory rate and we also benefit from tax incentives introduced in various countries to encourage economic activity. Differences in global tax rates  resulted  in  a  3%  increase  in  our  effective  tax  rate  this  year.  The  difference  will  vary  from  period  to  period depending on the relative proportion of income earned in each country.

This year, the increase in deferred income tax recovery was primarily due to an increase in deferred tax assets at our nuclear technology services operations within our Private Equity segment, which reduced our effective tax rate by 6%. This was partially offset by the non-recognition of the benefit of current year tax losses, which increased our effective tax rate by 3%.

## BALANCE SHEET ANALYSIS

The following table summarizes the statements of financial position of the company as at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020:

| Change  AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  2020  2022 vs.  2021  2021 vs.  2020  Assets  Property, plant and equipment  .....................................  $  124,268  $  115,489  $  100,009  $  8,779  $  15,480  Investment properties  .....................................................  115,100  100,865  96,782  14,235  4,083  Equity accounted investments  .......................................  47,094  46,100  41,327  994  4,773  Cash and cash equivalents  ..............................................  14,396  12,694  9,933  1,702  2,761  Accounts receivable and other  .......................................  27,378  21,760  18,928  5,618  2,832  Intangible assets  ................................................................  38,411  30,609  24,658  7,802  5,951  Goodwill  ...............................................................................  28,662  20,227  14,714  8,435  5,513  Other assets  .......................................................................  45,975  43,259  37,345  2,716  5,914  Total assets  ..........................................................................  $  441,284  $  391,003  $  343,696  $  50,281  $  47,307  Liabilities  Corporate borrowings  ......................................................  $  11,390  $  10,875  $  9,077  $  515  $  1,798  Non-recourse borrowings of managed entities  .........  202,684  165,057  139,324  37,627  25,733  Other non-current financial liabilities  ...........................  27,679  27,718  28,524  (39)  (806)  Other liabilities  ...................................................................  57,640  52,612  44,129  5,028  8,483  Equity  Preferred equity  ................................................................  4,145  4,145  4,145  -  -  Non-controlling interests  .................................................  98,138  88,386  86,804  9,752  1,582  Common equity  .................................................................  39,608  42,210  31,693  (2,602)  10,517  Total equity  ..........................................................................  141,891  134,741  122,642  7,150  12,099  $  441,284  $  391,003  $  343,696  $  50,281  $  47,307   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2022 vs. 2021

Total assets increased by $50.3 billion from the prior year to $441.3 billion as at December 31, 2022. The increase is due to recently completed business combinations and asset acquisitions, net of dispositions, mostly in our Private Equity and Real Estate segments. Net valuation increases recognized on our PP&amp;E during the year also contributed to the increase in total assets. This was partially offset by amortization and depreciation of our asset base during the year.

We have summarized the impact of business combinations as well as equity accounted investments, investment properties and PP&amp;E additions for the year ended December 31, 2022 in the table below:

| FOR THE YEAR ENDED DEC. 31, 2022  (MILLIONS)  Renewable  Power and  Transition  Infrastructure  and Other  Private Equity  Real Estate  Total  Cash and cash equivalents  ...........  $  85  $  7  $  953  $  605  $  1,650  Accounts receivable and other  ....  379  10  1,446  302  2,137  Other financial assets  ....................  12  11  4,558  188  4,769  Inventory  ..........................................  31  2  485  5  523  Equity accounted investments  ....  524  4,209  499  747  5,979  Investment properties  ...................  -  144  -  21,260  21,404  Property, plant and equipment  ...  5,496  2,777  3,627  4,345  16,245  Intangible assets  .............................  -  302  11,594  82  11,978  Goodwill  ............................................  691  279  8,155  456  9,581  Deferred income tax assets  .........  10  1  62  -  73  Total Assets  ......................................  7,228  7,742  31,379  27,990  74,339  Less:  Accounts payable and other  .....  (1,201)  (55)  (2,300)  (795)  (4,351)  Non-recourse borrowings  .........  (424)  (52)  (4,924)  (3,707)  (9,107)  Deferred income tax liabilities  ..  (50)  (18)  (1,911)  (878)  (2,857)  Non-controlling interests  1  .........  (32)  (64)  (96)  (1,788)  (1,980)  (1,707)  (189)  (9,231)  (7,168)  (18,295)  Net assets acquired  .......................  $  5,521  $  7,553  $  22,148  $  20,822  $  56,044   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Includes non-controlling interests recognized on business combinations measured as the proportionate share of fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities on the date of acquisition.

Summarized below are the key contributors to the year-over-year variances for the statement of financial position.

PP&amp;E increased by $8.8 billion primarily as a result of:

- additions of $16.2 billion, which includes the acquisition of a portfolio of U.S. hospitality assets within our Real Estate segment, our lottery services operations and fleet management and car rental services business within our Private Equity segment, and our solar operations of our Renewable Power and Transition segment; and
- revaluation surplus of $5.4 billion with the majority of the increase attributable to our Renewable Power and Transition  segment,  which  benefited  from  higher  power  prices  across  most  markets  in  which  we  operate and the expected growth in demand for renewable power; partially offset by
- the impact of foreign currency translation of $6.2 billion;
- depreciation of $5.6 billion during the year; and
- dispositions and assets reclassified as held for sale of $1.1 billion.

We provide a continuity of PP&amp;E in Note 12 of the consolidated financial statements.

Investment properties predominantly consist of the company's real estate assets. The balance as at December 31, 2022 increased by $14.2 billion, mostly due to:

- acquisitions and additions of $21.4 billion, primarily associated with the purchase of hospitality assets in the U.S. in our Real Estate segment, enhancement or expansion of properties through capital expenditures, and the purchase of investment properties during the year; and

- net valuation increases of $629 million, mainly of our LP Investments in the Real Estate segment; partially offset by
- asset sales and reclassifications to assets held for sale of $4.4 billion; and
- the impact of foreign currency translation and other of $3.1 billion.

We provide a continuity of investment properties in Note 11 of the consolidated financial statements.

Equity accounted investments increased by $994 million in the current year to $47.1 billion due to:

- additions, net of disposals, and acquisitions of $2.0 billion; and
- our proportionate share of comprehensive income of $2.5 billion; partially offset by
- distributions and returns of capital received of $2.8 billion; and
- the impact of foreign currency translation and other items of $671 million.

We provide a continuity of equity accounted investments in Note 10 of the consolidated financial statements.

Cash and cash equivalents increased by $1.7 billion. For further information, refer to our Consolidated Statements of  Cash  Flows  and  to  the  Review  of  Consolidated  Statements  of  Cash  Flows  within  Part  4  -  Capitalization and Liquidity.

The increases of $7.8 billion and $8.4 billion in our intangible assets and goodwill balances, respectively, primarily relate to the acquisitions of our dealer software and technology services operations, our lottery services operations, and  our  Australian  residential  mortgage  lender  in  our  Private  Equity  segment,  partially  offset  by  amortization expense.

Other assets are comprised of inventory, deferred income tax assets, assets classified as held for sale and other financial assets. The increase of $2.7 billion is primarily a result of:

- an increase in other financial assets of $10.4 billion primarily due to the acquisition of an Australian residential mortgage lender in our Private Equity segment; and
- an increase in inventory of $1.4 billion mainly due to higher inventory on hand at our solar power solutions operations and higher prices at our road fuels operations within our Private Equity segment; partially offset by
- a  decrease  in  assets  held  for  sale  of  $9.1  billion  largely  attributable  to  the  dispositions  of  our  automotive dealership properties and various assets during the year within our Real Estate segment, partially offset by the reclassification  of  certain  assets  from  our  Real  Estate  segment  and  road  portfolios  within  our  Infrastructure segment to held for sale.

Corporate  borrowings  increased  by  $515  million  from  the  C$1  billion  ($738  million)  10-year  bond  issuance, $400 million green bond issuance and $400 million re-opening of our 2028 notes, partially offset by the repayment of outstanding commercial paper during the year.

Non-recourse borrowings of managed entities increased by $37.6 billion, net of borrowings reclassified to held for sale, largely attributable to recent acquisitions in our Private Equity and Real Estate segments.

Other non-current financial liabilities consist of our subsidiary equity obligations, non-current accounts payable and other long-term financial liabilities that are due after one year. The balance remained consistent with the prior year.

The  increase  of  $5.0  billion  in  other  liabilities  was  primarily  due  to  acquisitions  completed  in  the  year  and  an increase in deferred income tax liabilities mainly as a result of revaluation of PP&amp;E within our Renewable Power and Transition and Real Estate segments. Refer to Part 4 - Capitalization and Liquidity for more information.

Consolidated assets as at December  31, 2021 were $391.0 billion, compared to $343.7 billion as at December 31, 2020. Year-over-year increases were primarily due to business combinations and asset acquisitions completed in 2021, as well as net valuation gains recognized on our PP&amp;E. These increases were partially offset by amortization and depreciation as well as assets sold in 2021.

PP&amp;E increased by $15.5 billion in 2021 primarily as a result of acquisitions completed across our segments and revaluation surplus largely in our Renewable Power and Transition segment. These increases were partially offset by depreciation and the deconsolidation of businesses sold in 2021.

Investment properties were $4.1 billion higher at the end of 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to the purchase of investment properties and valuation gains in our Real Estate segment. These increases were partially offset by asset sales, reclassifications to assets held for sale, and the impacts of foreign currency translation.

Equity accounted investments were $46.1 billion as at December 31, 2021, an increase of $4.8 billion compared to 2020. The increase was mainly due to the acquisition of an additional interest in our German Office portfolio within our  Real  Estate  segment,  the  spin-out  of  our  reinsurance  business,  and  the  change  in  accounting  basis  of  our interest in our graphite electrode operations within our Private Equity segment. In addition, the increase was due to our proportionate share of the comprehensive income in 2021. These increases were partially offset by distributions and returns of capital received, and the impact of foreign currency translation.

Cash  and  cash  equivalents  increased  by  $2.8  billion  as  at  December  31,  2021  compared  to  2020.  For  further information, refer to our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and to the Review of Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows within Part 4 - Capitalization and Liquidity.

Increases of $6.0 billion and $5.5 billion in our intangible assets and goodwill balances, respectively, are related to additions from acquisitions, net of dispositions, primarily in our Infrastructure and Private Equity segments, partially offset by the amortization of certain intangible assets.

Other assets increased by $5.9 billion primarily as a result of the reclassification to assets held for sale of certain office  and  other  assets  within  our  Real  Estate  segment,  and  an  increase  in  inventory  within  our  Private  Equity segment driven by the acquisition of our engineered components manufacturing operations and increased prices and inventory at our advanced energy storage operations. These were partially offset by decreases in assets held for sale from the derecognition of our investment in Norbord within our Private Equity segment, and a decrease in other financial assets following the sale of a portion of our securities portfolio and toehold positions during 2021.

Corporate  borrowings  increased  by  $1.8  billion  in  2021  due  to  the  $600  million  green  bond  issuance  and $250 million re-opening of our 2051 notes, in addition to net draws of $912 million of commercial paper issuances and credit facility draws.

Non-recourse borrowings increased by $25.7 billion in 2021, net of borrowings reclassified to held for sale, largely attributable to recent acquisitions across our business segments.

Other non-current financial liabilities decreased by $806 million in 2021 primarily due to a decrease in insurance contract liabilities as a result of the deconsolidation of our annuities business as part of the Brookfield Reinsurance Ltd. ('BNRE') 1 spin-out in the second quarter of 2021.

Other  liabilities  increased  by  $8.5  billion  in  2021  primarily  attributable  to  the  increase  in  deferred  income  tax liabilities mainly as a result of acquisitions completed in the year, fair value uplifts in our Real Estate segment and revaluation of PP&amp;E in our Renewable Power and Transition segment.

1. See definition in Glossary of Terms beginning on page 129.

## EQUITY

The significant variances in common equity and non-controlling interests are discussed below. Preferred equity is discussed in Part 4 - Capitalization and Liquidity.

## COMMON EQUITY

The following table presents the major contributors to the period-over-period variances for common equity:

| AS AT AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Common equity, beginning of year  .........................................................................................................  $  42,210  $  31,693  Changes in period  Net income attributable to shareholders  ...........................................................................................  2,056  3,966  Common dividends  ..................................................................................................................................  (879)  (800)  Common dividends - special distribution  ...........................................................................................  (2,356)  (538)  Preferred dividends  .................................................................................................................................  (150)  (148)  Other comprehensive (loss) income  ....................................................................................................  (263)  1,844  Share repurchases, net of issuances  ...................................................................................................  (565)  2,813  Ownership changes and other  ..............................................................................................................  (445)  3,380  (2,602)  10,517  Common equity, end of year  ....................................................................................................................  $  39,608  $  42,210   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Common equity decreased by $2.6 billion to $39.6 billion during the year. The change includes:

- net income attributable to common shareholders of $2.1 billion; more than offset by
- distributions of $3.4 billion to shareholders as common and preferred share dividends, including the $2.4 billion special distribution of a 25% interest in our asset management business;
- other comprehensive losses of $263 million consisting of revaluation surplus gains of $884 million, more than offset by other reserves of $605 million, and foreign currency translation of $542 million;
- share repurchases, net of issuances, of $565 million,  mainly  related  to  the  repurchase  of 17  million  Class  A Limited Voting Shares ('Class A shares') for the year; and
- ownership changes and other of $445 million primarily attributable to losses recorded directly in equity on the step-up acquisition of a German office portfolio by our Real Estate business in the first quarter of 2022.

## NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

Non-controlling interests in our consolidated results primarily consist of third-party interests in BAM, BEP, BIP, BBU, BPG, and their consolidated entities as well as co-investors and other participating interests in our consolidated investments as follows:

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Brookfield Asset Management  ...................................................................................................................  $  2,377  $  -  Brookfield Renewable  ..................................................................................................................................  21,651  19,355  Brookfield Infrastructure  ............................................................................................................................  23,030  23,695  Brookfield Business Partners  ......................................................................................................................  16,026  10,197  Brookfield Property Group  ..........................................................................................................................  29,321  28,115  Other participating interests  .......................................................................................................................  5,733  7,024  $  98,138  $  88,386   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Non-controlling interests increased by $9.8 billion during the year, primarily due to:

- comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests, which totaled $6.4 billion; and
- ownership changes of $3.6 billion, including the impact of the $2.4 billion distribution of a 25% interest in our asset management business; partially offset by
- distributions, net of equity issuances, of $316 million.

## CONSOLIDATION AND FAIR VALUE ACCOUNTING

As a Canadian domiciled public corporation, we report under IFRS, while many other issuers that may be considered peers  report  under  U.S.  GAAP.  There  are  many  differences  between  U.S.  GAAP  and  IFRS,  but  the  two  principal differences affecting our consolidated financial statements compared to those of other issuers are consolidation and fair value accounting.

In particular, U.S. GAAP allows some issuers to report certain investments, which qualify as variable interest entities, at fair value on one line on their balance sheet on a net basis as opposed to consolidating the underlying funds that the investment is held in. This approach is not available under IFRS. This can create significant differences in the presentation of our financial statements as compared to other issuers.

## CONSOLIDATION

Our  consolidation  conclusions  under  IFRS  may  differ  from  other  issuers  who  report  under  U.S.  GAAP  for  two primary reasons:

- U.S. GAAP uses a voting interest model or a variable interest model to determine consolidation requirements, depending on the circumstances, whereas IFRS uses a control-based model. We generally have the contractual ability  to  unilaterally  direct  the  relevant  activities  of  the  funds  managed by our asset management business; and;
- we  generally  invest  significant  amounts  of  capital  alongside  clients  of  our  asset  management  business  and partners, which means that we earn meaningful returns as a principal investor in addition to our share of asset management returns compared to others who may act solely as an agent.

As a result, in many cases, we control entities in which we hold only a minority economic interest. For example, a Brookfield-sponsored private fund to which we have committed 30% of the capital may acquire 60% of the voting interest in an investee company. The contractual arrangements generally provide us with the irrevocable ability to direct  the  funds'  relevant  activities.  Based  on  these  facts,  we  would  control  the  investment  because  we  exercise decision-making power over a controlling interest of that business and our 18% economic interest provides us with exposure to the variable returns of a principal.

All entities that we control are consolidated for financial reporting purposes. As a result, we include 100% of these entities' revenues and expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Operations, even though a substantial portion of their  net  income  is  attributable  to  non-controlling  interests.  Furthermore,  we  include  all  of  the  assets,  liabilities, including non-recourse borrowings, of these entities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets, and include the portion of equity held by others as non-controlling interests.

Intercompany revenues and expenses between Brookfield and its subsidiaries, such as asset management fees, are eliminated in our Consolidated Statements of Operations; however, these items affect the attribution of net income between shareholders and non-controlling interests. For example, asset management fees paid by our perpetual affiliates to our asset management business are eliminated from consolidated revenues and expenses. However, as the common shareholders are attributed all of the fee revenues 1 while only attributed their proportionate share of the listed affiliates' expenses, the amount of net income attributable to common shareholders is increased with a corresponding decrease in net income attributable to non-controlling interests.

1. See definition in Glossary of Terms beginning on page 129.

## FAIR VALUE ACCOUNTING

Under U.S. GAAP, many issuers who may be considered our peers account for their funds as investment companies and reflect their investments at fair value.

Under  IFRS,  as  a  parent  company,  we  are  required  to  look  through  our  consolidated  and  equity  accounted investments  and  account  for  their  assets  and  liabilities  under  the  applicable  IFRS  guidance.  We  reflect  a  large number  of  assets  at  fair  value,  namely  our  commercial  properties,  renewable  power  facilities  and  certain infrastructure  assets  which  are  typically  recorded  at  amortized  cost  under  U.S.  GAAP.  However,  there  are  other assets that are not subject to fair value accounting under IFRS and are therefore carried at amortized cost, which would be more consistent with U.S. GAAP.

Under  both  IFRS  and  U.S.  GAAP,  the  value  of  the  activities  of  our  asset  management  business  is  generally  not reflected on the balance sheet despite being a material component of the value of our business.

For  additional  details  on  the  valuation  approach  for  the  relevant  segments,  critical  assumptions  and  related sensitivities, refer to Part 5 - Accounting Policies and Internal Controls.

## FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION

Approximately  half  of  our  capital  is  invested  in  non-U.S.  currencies  and  the  cash  flows  generated  from  these businesses, as well as our equity, are subject to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. From time to time, we utilize financial contracts to adjust these exposures. The most significant currency exchange rates that impact our business are shown in the following table:

| AS AT DEC. 31  Year End Spot Rate  Change  Average Rate  Change  2022  2021  2020  2022  vs.  2021  2021  vs.  2020  2022  2021  2020  2022  vs.  2021  2021  vs.  2020  Australian dollar  ...  0.6813  0.7262  0.7694  (6)  %  (6)  %  0.6949  0.7515  0.6908  (8)  %  9 %  Brazilian real  1  ........  5.2165  5.5804  5.1975  7 %  (7)  %  5.1644  5.3969  5.1546  5 %  (4)  %  British pound  ........  1.2083  1.3532  1.3670  (11)  %  (1)  %  1.2372  1.3759  1.2838  (10)  %  7 %  Canadian dollar  ....  0.7382  0.7913  0.7853  (7)  %  1 %  0.7690  0.7979  0.7464  (4)  %  7 %  Colombian peso  1  .  4,852.5  4,064.9  3,428.3  (16)  %  (16)  %  4,260.5  3,747.7  3,695.4  (12)  %  (1)  %  Euro  ........................  1.0705  1.1370  1.2217  (6)  %  (7)  %  1.0538  1.1831  1.1416  (11)  %  4 %   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Using Brazilian real and Colombian peso as the price currency.

Currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar at the end of the current year were lower than December 31, 2021  for  all  of  our  significant  non-U.S.  dollar  investments  with  the  exception  of  the  Brazilian  real.  As  at December 31, 2022, our common equity of $39.6 billion was invested in the following currencies: U.S. dollars - 48% (December 31, 2021 - 55%); British pounds - 15% (December 31, 2021 - 16%); Canadian dollars - 7% (December 31, 2021  -  7%);  Australian  dollars  -  7%  (December  31,  2021  -  6%);  Brazilian  reais  -  7%  (December  31,  2021  -  6%); Colombian pesos - 1% (December 31, 2021 - 1%); and other currencies - 15% (December 31, 2021 - 9%).

The following table disaggregates the impact of foreign currency translation on our equity by the most significant non-U.S. currencies:

| FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Change  Australian dollar  .....................................................................................................................  $  (685)  $  (495)  $  (190)  Brazilian real  ............................................................................................................................  783  (391)  1,174  British pound  ...........................................................................................................................  (1,613)  (127)  (1,486)  Canadian dollar  .......................................................................................................................  (1,015)  269  (1,284)  Colombian peso  ......................................................................................................................  (772)  (815)  43  Euro  ...........................................................................................................................................  (422)  (430)  8  Other  .........................................................................................................................................  (1,129)  (341)  (788)  Total cumulative translation adjustments  ........................................................................  (4,853)  (2,330)  (2,523)  Currency hedges  1  ...................................................................................................................  2,834  441  2,393  Total cumulative translation adjustments net of currency hedges  ............................  $  (2,019)  $  (1,889)  $  (130)  Attributable to:  Shareholders  ........................................................................................................................  $  (542)  $  (318)  $  (224)  Non-controlling interests  ...................................................................................................  (1,477)  (1,571)  94  $  (2,019)  $  (1,889)  $  (130)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Includes deferred income tax expense of $87 million (2021 - recovery of $21 million).

The  foreign  currency  translation  of  our  equity,  net  of  currency  hedges,  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022 lowered consolidated equity by $2.0 billion of which our share was $542 million. This was primarily attributable to the lower year-end rates across most currencies relative to the U.S. dollar.

We seek to hedge foreign currency exposure where the cost of doing so is reasonable. Due to the high historical costs  associated  with  hedging  the  Brazilian  real,  Colombian  peso  and  other  emerging  market  currencies,  hedge levels against those currencies were low as at December 31, 2022.

## CORPORATE DIVIDENDS

The dividends paid by Brookfield on outstanding securities during 2022, 2021 and 2020, are summarized in the following table. Dividends to the Class A and B Limited Voting Shares have been adjusted to reflect a three-for-two stock split on April 1, 2020.

| Distribution per Security  2022  2021  2020  Class A and B  1  Limited Voting Shares ('Class A and B shares')  2  ....................................  $  0.56  $  0.52  $  0.48  Special distribution to Class A and B shares  3,4  ..................................................................  8.00  0.36  -  Class A Preferred Shares  Series 2  ..................................................................................................................................  0.51  0.34  0.38  Series 4  .................................................................................................................................  0.51  0.34  0.38  Series 8  ..................................................................................................................................  0.75  0.47  0.54  Series 9  ..................................................................................................................................  0.58  0.55  0.51  Series 13  ................................................................................................................................  0.51  0.34  0.38  Series 15  ................................................................................................................................  0.45  0.12  0.24  Series 17  ................................................................................................................................  0.91  0.95  0.89  Series 18  ................................................................................................................................  0.91  0.95  0.89  Series 24  ................................................................................................................................  0.62  0.62  0.56  Series 25  5  ...............................................................................................................................  -  0.24  0.60  Series 26  6  ...............................................................................................................................  0.72  0.69  0.65  Series 28  7  ...............................................................................................................................  0.70  0.54  0.51  Series 30  ................................................................................................................................  0.90  0.93  0.87  Series 32  ................................................................................................................................  0.97  1.01  0.94  Series 34  ................................................................................................................................  0.85  0.89  0.83  Series 36  ................................................................................................................................  0.93  0.97  0.90  Series 37  ................................................................................................................................  0.94  0.98  0.91  Series 38  8  ...............................................................................................................................  0.69  0.71  0.70  Series 40  ................................................................................................................................  0.77  0.80  0.75  Series 42  9  ...............................................................................................................................  0.63  0.71  0.72  Series 44  ................................................................................................................................  0.96  1.00  0.93  Series 46  10  .............................................................................................................................  1.01  0.96  0.90  Series 48  ................................................................................................................................  0.91  0.95  0.89   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Class B Limited Voting Shares ('Class B shares').

2. Adjusted to reflect the three-for-two stock split effective April 1, 2020.

3. Distribution  of  one  Class  A  and  one  Class  B  share  of  Brookfield  Asset  Management  Ltd.  for  every  four  Corporation  Class  A  Shares  and Corporation  Class  B  Shares  held  as  of  the  close  of  business  of  December  2,  2022,  valued  based  on  the  share  price  of  $32.00  per  share  of Brookfield Asset Management Ltd. on the date of the special distribution of the asset management business.

4. Distribution  of  one  Class  A  exchangeable  limited  voting  share  of  Brookfield  Asset  Management  Reinsurance  Partners  Ltd.  (now  Brookfield Reinsurance Ltd.) for every 145 Class A shares and Class B shares held as of the close of business of June 18, 2021.

5. Dividend rate reset commenced the last day of each quarter. All Series 25 shares were converted into Series 24 on a one-for-one basis effective June 30, 2021.

6. Dividend rate reset commenced March 31, 2022.

7. Dividend rate reset commenced June 30, 2022.

8. Dividend rate reset commenced March 31, 2020.

9. Dividend rate reset commenced June 30, 2020.

10. Dividend rate reset commenced March 31, 2022.

Dividends on the Class A and B shares are declared in U.S. dollars whereas Class A Preferred share dividends are declared in Canadian dollars.

## SUMMARY OF QUARTERLY RESULTS

The  quarterly  variances  in  revenues  over  the  past  two  years  are  due  primarily  to  acquisitions  and  dispositions. Variances in net income to shareholders relate primarily to the timing and amount of non-cash fair value changes and  deferred  tax  provisions,  as  well  as  seasonality  and  cyclical  influences  in  certain  businesses.  Changes  in ownership have resulted in the consolidation and deconsolidation of revenues from some of our assets, particularly in our Real Estate and Private Equity businesses. Other factors include the impact of foreign currency on non-U.S. revenues,  net  income  attributable  to  non-controlling  interests,  and  the  global  economic  shutdown  in  2021  and 2020.

Our Real Estate business typically generates consistent results on a quarterly basis due to the long-term nature of contractual lease arrangements subject to the intermittent recognition of disposition and lease termination gains. Our retail properties typically experience seasonally higher retail sales during the fourth quarter, and our resort hotels tend to experience higher revenues and costs as a result of increased visits during the first quarter. We fair value our real estate assets on a quarterly basis which results in variations in net income based on changes in the value.

Renewable power hydroelectric operations are seasonal in nature. Generation tends to be higher during the winter rainy season in Brazil and spring thaws in North America; however, this is mitigated to an extent by prices, which tend  not  to  be  as  strong  as  they  are  in  the  summer  and  winter  seasons  due  to  the  more  moderate  weather conditions and reductions in demand for electricity. Water and wind conditions may also vary from year to year. Our Infrastructure operations are generally stable in nature as a result of regulation or long-term sales contracts with our investors, certain of which guarantee minimum volumes.

Revenues  and  direct  costs  in  our  Private  Equity  operations  vary  from  quarter  to  quarter  primarily  due  to acquisitions and dispositions of businesses, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, business and economic cycles, and weather and seasonality in underlying operations. Broader economic factors and commodity market volatility may have a significant impact on a number of our businesses, in particular within our industrials portfolio. Within our  infrastructure  services,  our  service  provider  to  the  power  generation  industry  generates  the  majority  of  its revenue during the fall and spring when power plants go offline to perform maintenance and replenish their fuel. Some of our business services  operations  will  typically  have  stronger  performance  in  the  latter  half  of  the  year whereas  others,  such  as  our  fuel  marketing  and  road  fuel  distribution  businesses,  will  generate  stronger performance in the second and third quarters. Net income is impacted by periodic gains and losses on acquisitions, monetization and impairments.

Our condensed statements of operations for the eight most recent quarters are as follows:

| 2022  2021  FOR THE PERIODS ENDED  (MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE  AMOUNT)  Q4  Q3  Q2  Q1  Q4  Q3  Q2  Q1  Revenues  .........................................  $  24,213  $  23,418  $  23,256  $  21,882  $  21,787  $  19,248  $  18,286  $  16,410  Net income  ......................................  44  716  1,475  2,960  3,461  2,722  2,429  3,776  Net (loss) income to  shareholders  .................................  (316)  423  590  1,359  1,118  797  816  1,235  Per share  - diluted  ........................................  $  (0.23)  $  0.24  $  0.34  $  0.81  $  0.66  $  0.47  $  0.49  $  0.77  - basic  ............................................  (0.23)  0.25  0.35  0.84  0.69  0.49  0.51  0.79   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table shows fair value changes and income taxes for the last eight quarters, as well as their combined impact on net income:

| 2022  2021  FOR THE PERIODS ENDED  (MILLIONS)  Q4  Q3  Q2  Q1  Q4  Q3  Q2  Q1  Fair value changes  ...........................  $ (1,811)  $  (549)  $  (397)  $  1,780  $  1,980  $  700  $  377  $  2,094  Income taxes  ....................................  (95)  (525)  (141)  (708)  (516)  (717)  (547)  (544)  Net impact  ........................................  $ (1,906)  $ (1,074)  $  (538)  $  1,072  $  1,464  $  (17)  $  (170)  $  1,550   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Over  the  last  eight  quarters,  the  factors  discussed  below  caused  variations  in  revenues  and  net  income  to shareholders on a quarterly basis:

- In  the  fourth  quarter  of  2022,  revenues  increased  in  comparison  to  the  prior  quarter  mainly  due  to contributions from recent acquisitions across our operating segments, primarily in our Private Equity Segment. The lower net income in the quarter is primarily attributable to fair value decreases on our Transitional and Development properties within our Real Estate segment.
- In  the  third  quarter  of  2022,  revenues  increased  compared to the prior quarter mainly due to contributions from  recent  acquisitions,  primarily  in  our  Private  Equity  segment.  The  lower  net  income  in  the  quarter  is primarily attributable to fair value decreases in our Transitional and Development properties in our Real Estate segment.
- In the second quarter of 2022, revenue increased compared to the prior quarter mainly due to contributions from recent acquisitions and same-store growth across our businesses. The lower net income in the quarter is primarily  attributable  to  the  one-time  reduction  in  valuations  of  certain  properties  within  our  Real  Estate segment.
- In  the  first  quarter  of  2022,  revenues  increased  compared  to  the  prior  quarter  mainly  due  to  increased contributions from recent acquisitions and same-store growth across our businesses. The higher net income in the  quarter  is  primarily  attributable  to  increased  valuations  of  our  LP  Investments  within  our  Real  Estate segment, partially offset by higher income taxes.
- In the fourth quarter of 2021, revenues increased relative to the prior quarter due to increased contributions from  recent  acquisitions  across  our  operating  segments  as  well  as  same-store  growth  in  most  of  our businesses. The higher net income in the quarter is primarily attributable to higher fair value gains in our Real Estate segment and lower income taxes, partially offset by lower gains from asset sale activities.
- In the third quarter of 2021, revenues increased in comparison to the prior quarter due to same-store growth in most of our businesses. The higher net income in the quarter is primarily attributable to higher fair value gains in our Real Estate segment partially offset by higher income taxes.
- In the second quarter of 2021, revenues increased in comparison to the prior quarter due to same-store growth in most of our businesses. The lower net income in the quarter as compared to the first quarter of 2021, is a result of lower fair value gains partially offset by asset sale activity within our Infrastructure segment.
- In  the  first  quarter  of  2021,  revenues  decreased  in  comparison  to  the  prior  quarter  primarily  due  to  lower same-store results due in part to seasonality across certain operating segments. The higher net income in the quarter is a result of gains from asset sale activities.

## PART 3

## OPERATING SEGMENT RESULTS

## BASIS OF PRESENTATION

## HOW WE MEASURE AND REPORT OUR OPERATING SEGMENTS

Our operations are organized into our asset management business, our four primary operating businesses and our corporate  activities,  which  collectively  represent  six  operating  segments  for  internal  and  external  reporting purposes. We measure operating performance primarily using FFO generated by each operating segment and the amount of capital invested by the Corporation in each segment using common equity. Common equity relates to invested capital allocated to a particular business segment, which we use interchangeably with segment common equity. To further assess operating performance for our Asset Management segment, we also provide unrealized carried interest 1 which represents carried interest generated on unrealized changes in the fair value of our private fund investment portfolios, net of realized carried interest 1 .

Our operating segments are global in scope and are as follows:

- i. Asset  Management business  includes  managing  long-term  private  funds,  perpetual  strategies  and  liquid strategies on behalf of our investors and ourselves, as well as our share of the asset management activities of Oaktree. We generate contractual base management fees for these activities as well as incentive distributions 1 and performance income, including performance fees, transaction fees and carried interest.
- ii. Renewable Power and Transition business includes the ownership, operation and development of hydroelectric, wind, utility-scale solar power generating assets and distributed energy &amp; sustainable solutions.
- iii. Infrastructure business includes the ownership, operation and development of utilities, transport, midstream, and data assets.
- iv. Private  Equity business  includes  a  broad  range  of  industries,  and  is  mostly  focused  on  the  ownership  and operation of business services, infrastructure services and industrials.
- v. Real Estate business includes the ownership, operation and development of core investments, transitional and development  investments  (including  residential  development  properties),  and  our  share  of  LP  investments, which sit within the private funds of our asset management business.
- vi. Corporate  Activities include  the  investment  of  cash  and  financial  assets,  our  share  of  the  investment  in  our insurance  solutions  business,  as  well  as  the  management  of  our  corporate  leverage,  including  corporate borrowings and preferred equity, which fund a portion of the capital invested in our other operations. Certain corporate  costs  such  as  technology  and  operations  are  incurred  on  behalf  of  our  operating  segments  and allocated to each operating segment based on an internal pricing framework.

In assessing operating performance and capital allocation, we separately identify the portion of FFO and common equity within our segments that relate to our perpetual affiliates (BEP, BIP, BBU, BPG). We believe that identifying the FFO and common equity attributable to our perpetual affiliates enables investors to understand how the results of  these  entities  are  integrated  into  our  financial  results  and  is  helpful  in  analyzing  variances  in  FFO  between reporting periods. Additional information with respect to these perpetual affiliates is available in their public filings. We also separately identify the components of our asset management FFO and realized disposition gains 1 included within the FFO of each segment in order to facilitate analysis of variances in FFO between reporting periods.

1. See definition in Glossary of Terms beginning on page 129.

## SUMMARY OF RESULTS BY OPERATING SEGMENT

The  following  table  presents  revenues,  FFO  and  common  equity  by  segment  on  a  period-over-period  basis  for comparative purposes:

| AS AT AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED  DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  Revenues  1  FFO 2  Common Equity  2022  2021  Change  2022  2021  Change  2022  2021  Change  Asset Management  ...................  $ 4,048  $ 3,523  $  525  $ 1,963  $ 1,809  $  154  $ 6,884  $ 4,905  $  1,979  Renewable Power and  Transition  ....................................  5,198  4,580  618  379  244  135  5,274  5,264  10  Infrastructure  .............................  14,728  11,947  2,781  501  426  75  2,784  3,022  (238)  Private Equity  .............................  58,432  46,883  11,549  945  655  290  4,486  3,996  490  Real Estate  ..................................  13,835  12,315  1,520  953  1,004  (51)  31,868  33,965  (2,097)  Corporate Activities  ..................  125  151  (26)  (123)  (377)  254  (11,688)  (8,942)  (2,746)  Total segments  ..........................  96,366  79,399  16,967  4,618  3,761  857  39,608  42,210  (2,602)  Realized carried interest, net  .  894  1,713  (819)  555  715  (160)  -  -  -  Realized disposition gains  .......  -  -  -  1,121  3,082  (1,961)  -  -  -  Total  .............................................  $  97,260  $  81,112  $  16,148  $ 6,294  $ 7,558  $ (1,264)  $  39,608  $  42,210  $ (2,602)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Revenues include inter-segment revenues which are adjusted to arrive at external revenues for IFRS purposes. Please refer to Note 3(c) of the consolidated financial statements for further details.

2. FFO includes operating FFO by segment, realized carried interest, net, and disposition gains.

Total  revenues  and  FFO  were  $97.3  billion  and  $6.3  billion  in  the  current  year,  compared  to  $81.1  billion  and $7.6  billion  in  the  prior  year,  respectively.  FFO  includes  realized  disposition  gains  of  $1.1  billion,  compared  to $3.1 billion in the prior year. Excluding realized disposition gains, FFO increased by $697 million from the prior year.

Revenues increased primarily due to acquisitions, net of dispositions, within our Private Equity segment, as well as organic growth initiatives across our business.

The increase in FFO is primarily a result of:

- increased fee-related earnings driven by strong fundraising, including contributions from our latest round of flagship funds and continued capital deployment across various complementary products;
- improved performance at our dealer software and technology services, Australian residential mortgage lender and payment processing services operations within our Private Equity segment;
- higher revenues resulting from inflation indexation at our Infrastructure and Renewable Power and Transition segments;
- incremental  contributions  from  our  insurance  solutions  business,  which  benefitted  from  the  acquisition  of American National Group ('American National') 1 in May 2022 and higher yields on re-deployed assets; and
- strong performance from increased occupancy within our Real Estate segment; partially offset by
- rising interest rates during the year, predominantly associated with the impact on floating rate debt within our Real Estate segment;
- the absence of contributions from recent dispositions, primarily in our Real Estate segment, partially offset by contributions from recent acquisitions across our business segments; and
- lower volumes and activity at our nuclear technology services operations within our Private Equity business.

Common equity decreased by $2.6 billion during the year to $39.6 billion, as net income was more than offset by the impact of the special distribution of our asset management business, distributions to common and preferred equity holders, and share repurchases, net of issuances. Refer to Part 2 - Review of Consolidated Financial Results for details.

1. See definition in Glossary of Terms beginning on page 129.

## ASSET MANAGEMENT

## BUSINESS OVERVIEW

Our  asset  management  business  is  one  of  the  world's  leading  alternative  asset  managers,  with  approximately $800 billion in assets under management and operations spanning more than 30 countries on 5 continents. We have over 2,500 investment and asset management professionals that employ a disciplined investment approach to create value and deliver strong risk-adjusted returns for our clients across market cycles.

With an over 100-year heritage as a global owner and operator of real assets, we focus on investing in the backbone of the global economy across renewable power and transition, infrastructure, private equity, real estate and credit.

We put our own capital to work alongside our investors' in virtually every transaction, aligning interests and bringing the strengths of our operational expertise, global reach and large-scale capital to bear on everything we do.

We offer our clients a large and growing number of investment products to assist them in achieving their financial goals, providing a diverse set of long-term and perpetual private funds and dedicated public vehicles across each of the asset classes in which we invest and spanning various investment strategies.

As  the  asset  manager  of  these  investment  products,  we  earn  base  management  fees  in  addition  to  incentive distributions, performance fees, or carried interest depending on the product offering.

Our asset management business focuses on raising capital by establishing new investment products for our clients, identifying and acquiring high-quality assets, delivering strong underlying investment performance and executing timely monetizations or refinancings. If we execute in these areas, this should equate to growth in fee-bearing and carry eligible capital 1 and in turn higher fee revenues, fee-related earnings and realized carried interest over time.

## OUTLOOK AND GROWTH INITIATIVES

Alternative assets provide an attractive investment opportunity to institutional and high net worth investors. These asset classes also provide investors with alternatives to fixed income investments by providing a strong, inflationlinked return profile. Institutional investors, in particular pension funds, must earn and generate returns to meet their  long-term  obligations  while  protecting  their  capital.  As  a  result,  inflows  to  alternative  asset  managers  are continuing to grow and managers are focused on new product development to meet this demand.

Our  business  model  has  proven  to  be  resilient  through  economic  cycles,  due  to  our  strong  foundation  and discipline. Overall, our business is stronger and more diversified than ever and well positioned to deliver continued growth.

During  2022,  we  raised  a  record  $93  billion  of  capital  commitments  across  our  flagship  and  complementary strategies, and looking forward, our business plan remains essentially unchanged. We are making good progress on our fundraising for the next round of our flagship funds. We held closes of our fifth flagship infrastructure and sixth flagship private equity fund, which stand at $22 billion and $9 billion of capital commitments, respectively. We had a final close for our flagship transition fund, with over half of our $15 billion strategy already invested or committed.

In addition to our flagship funds, we are actively progressing our growth strategies, including insurance solutions, secondaries  and  technology.  These  new  initiatives,  in  addition  to  our  five  flagship  funds  and  new,  innovative products are expected to have a meaningful impact on our growth trajectory in the long term.

We continue to expand our investor base through existing relationships and new channels. As at December 31, 2022, we have over 2,000 clients with a strong base in North America, Asia, the Middle East and Australia and a growing proportion of third-party commitments from Europe. Our high-net-worth channel also continues to grow and  over  5%  of  current  commitments.  We  have  a  dedicated  team  of  over  100  people  that  are  focused  on distributing and developing catered products to the private wealth channel.

1. See definition in Glossary of Terms beginning on page 129.

## Long-term Private Funds - $219 billion fee-bearing capital 1

Our asset management business manages and earns fees on a diverse range of renewable power and transition, infrastructure, private equity, real estate and credit funds. These funds have a long duration, are closed-end and include opportunistic, value-add, core and core plus investment strategies.

On long-term private fund capital, our asset management business earns:

1. Diversified and long-term base management fees on capital that is typically committed for 10 years with two one-year extension options.
2. Carried interest, which enables our business to receive a portion of overall fund profits provided that investors receive a minimum prescribed preferred return. Carried interest is recognized when a fund's cumulative returns are in excess of preferred returns and when it is highly probable that a significant reversal will not occur.
3. Transaction  and  advisory  fees  are  one-time  fees  earned  on  co-investment  capital  related  to  the  close  of transactions, and vary based on transaction agreements.

## Perpetual Strategies - $127 billion fee-bearing capital

Our asset management business manages the perpetual capital in our perpetual affiliates, as well as in its core and core  plus  private  funds,  which  can  continually  raise  new  capital.  From  these  perpetual  strategies,  our  business earns:

1. Long-term perpetual base management fees, which are based on total capitalization or NAV of our perpetual affiliates and the NAV of its perpetual private funds.
2. Stable incentive distribution fees which are linked to cash distributions from perpetual affiliates (BEP/BEPC and BIP/BIPC)  that  exceed  pre-determined  thresholds.  These  cash  distributions  have  a  historical  track  record  of growing annually and each of these perpetual affiliates target annual distribution growth rates within a range of 5-9%.
3. Performance fees based on unit price performance (BBU) and carried interest on its perpetual private funds.

## Liquid Strategies - $72 billion fee-bearing capital

Our asset management business manages publicly listed funds and separately managed accounts, focused on fixed income  and  equity  securities  across  real  estate,  infrastructure  and  natural  resources.  Our  business  earns  base management  fees,  which  are  based  on  committed  capital  and  fund  NAV,  and  performance  income  based  on investment returns.

## FEE-BEARING CAPITAL

The following table summarizes fee-bearing capital:

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  Long-Term  Private Funds  Perpetual  Strategies  Liquid  Strategies  2022  2021  Renewable Power and Transition  .....  $  26,708  $  20,510  $  -  $  47,218  $  47,525  Infrastructure  .........................................  44,512  41,375  -  85,887  67,736  Private Equity  .........................................  31,501  7,816  -  39,317  34,395  Real Estate  ..............................................  69,473  33,552  -  103,025  82,282  Credit and other  ....................................  46,663  23,902  71,851  142,416  132,195  December 31, 2022  .............................  $  218,857  $  127,155  $  71,851  $  417,863  n/a  December 31, 2021  ..............................  $  169,279  $  114,624  $  80,230  n/a  $  364,133   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We  have  approximately  $40.0  billion  of  additional  committed  capital  that  does  not  currently  earn  fees  but  will generate approximately $400 million in annual fees once deployed.

1. See definition in Glossary of Terms beginning on page 129.

Fee-bearing capital increased by $53.7 billion during the year. The changes are set out in the following table:

| AS AT AND FOR THE YEAR  ENDED  DEC 31, 2022  (MILLIONS)  Renewable  Power and  Transition  Infrastructure  Private  Equity  Real Estate  Credit and  Other  Total  Balance,  December 31, 2021  ........  $  47,525  $  67,736  $  34,395  $  82,282  $  132,195  $  364,133  Inflows  ...............................  6,823  26,974  9,135  18,850  45,887  107,669  Outflows  ...........................  -  -  -  (394)  (21,648)  (22,042)  Distributions  ....................  (1,428)  (3,794)  (810)  (4,556)  (1,573)  (12,161)  Market valuation  .............  (5,873)  (5,053)  (2,534)  1,645  (8,432)  (20,247)  Other  .................................  171  24  (869)  5,198  (4,013)  511  Change  ..............................  (307)  18,151  4,922  20,743  10,221  53,730  Balance,  December 31, 2022  .......  $  47,218  $  85,887  $  39,317  $  103,025  $  142,416  $  417,863   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Renewable Power and Transition fee-bearing capital decreased by $307 million, due to:

- $6.8 billion of inflows largely driven by additional capital raised for our flagship fund; more than offset by
- $5.9 billion decrease as a result of the lower market capitalization of BEP; and
- $1.4 billion of distributions, including quarterly distributions paid to BEP's unitholders.

Infrastructure fee-bearing capital increased by $18.2 billion, due to:

- $27.0 billion of inflows mainly relate to capital raised for our fifth flagship infrastructure fund; partially offset by
- $5.1 billion decrease in market valuations as a result of the lower market valuations of BIP; and
- $3.8 billion of distributions, including quarterly distributions paid to BIP's unitholders.

Private Equity fee-bearing capital increased by $4.9 billion, due to:

- $9.1  billion  of  inflows  from  capital  raised  for  our  sixth  flagship  private  equity  fund  and  capital  raised  and deployed in other strategies; partially offset by
- $2.5 billion decrease as a result of the lower market capitalization of BBU; and
- $810 million of distributions, including capital returned to investors and quarterly distributions paid to BBU's unitholders.

Real Estate fee-bearing capital increased by $20.7 billion, due to:

- $18.9 billion of inflows from capital raised for our fourth flagship real estate fund and capital deployed across various other private funds;
- $1.6 billion increase from higher valuations within our perpetual strategies in the year; partially offset by
- $4.6 billion of distributions across our perpetual strategies and capital returned to investors.

Credit and Other fee-bearing capital increased by $10.2 billion, due to:

- $45.9  billion  of  inflows  primarily  as  a  result  of  BNRE  acquisition  of  American  National  and  capital  deployed within our credit strategies; partially offset by
- $21.6 billion of outflows due to redemptions within our liquid strategies;
- $8.4 billion of impact from lower market valuations, primarily from our liquid strategies; and
- $1.6 billion of distributions within its long-term private funds.

## CARRY ELIGIBLE CAPITAL

Carry eligible capital 1 increased by $43.8 billion during the year to $218.1 billion as at December 31, 2022 (December 31,  2021  -  $174.3  billion).  The  increase  was  primarily  related  to  additional  capital  raised  for  our  fifth  flagship infrastructure  fund,  our  sixth  flagship  private  equity  fund,  our  fourth  flagship  real  estate  fund  and  our  flagship transition fund.

As at December 31, 2022, $149.3 billion of carry eligible capital was deployed (December 31, 2021 - $112.7 billion). This capital is either currently earning carried interest or will begin earning carried interest once its related funds have reached their preferred return threshold. There are currently $68.8 billion of uncalled fund commitments that will begin to earn carried interest once the capital is deployed and fund preferred returns are met (December 31, 2021 - $61.6 billion).

## OPERATING RESULTS

FFO from our asset management business includes fee-related earnings, net of corporate costs, and realized carried interest earned by us in respect of capital managed for our investors. Fee-related earnings also include fees earned on the capital invested by us in the perpetual affiliates. This is representative of how we manage the business and measure the returns from our asset management activities.

To facilitate analysis, the following table disaggregates our Asset Management segment revenues and FFO into feerelated  earnings  and  realized  carried  interest,  net,  as  these  are  the  measures  that  we  use  to  analyze  the performance of this segment. We also analyze unrealized carried interest, net, to provide insight into the value our investments have created in the period.

We  have  provided  additional  detail,  where  referenced,  to  explain  significant  variances  from  the  prior  period.

| FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  Revenues  FFO  Ref.  2022  2021  2022  2021  Operating FFO  ...................................................................................................  i  $  4,048  $  3,523  $  1,963  $  1,809  Realized carried interest  .................................................................................  ii  894  1,713  555  715  $  4,942  $  5,236  $  2,518  $  2,524  Unrealized carried interest  Generated  ........................................................................................................  $  2,475  $  5,001  Foreign exchange  ...........................................................................................  (185)  (236)  2,290  4,765  Less: direct costs  ...............................................................................................  (743)  (1,574)  Unrealized carried interest, net  .....................................................................  iii  1,547  3,191  Less: unrealized carried interest not attributable to the Corporation  .  (129)  (419)  $  1,418  $  2,772   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. See definition in Glossary of Terms beginning on page 129.

## i. Operating FFO

| FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Fee revenues  1  Base management fees  ...................................................................................................................................  $  3,620  $  3,040  Incentive distributions  .....................................................................................................................................  335  315  Performance fees  .............................................................................................................................................  -  157  Transaction and advisory fees  .......................................................................................................................  93  11  4,048  3,523  Less: direct costs  .................................................................................................................................................  (1,792)  (1,540)  2,256  1,983  Less: fee-related earnings not attributable to the Corporation  ...............................................................  (148)  (156)  Fee-related earnings  ..........................................................................................................................................  2,108  1,827  Cash taxes  ............................................................................................................................................................  (98)  (58)  Other (expense) income  ....................................................................................................................................  (14)  40  Amounts not attributable to the Corporation  .............................................................................................  (33)  -  Operating FFO  .....................................................................................................................................................  $  1,963  $  1,809   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. See definition in Glossary of Terms beginning on page 129.

Fee-related earnings increased to $2.1 billion at our share, mainly due to higher base management fees driven by increased fee-bearing capital, and higher transaction and advisory fees from co-investment capital and growth in incentive distributions from BIP and BEP, partially offset by increased direct costs and the absence of performance fees that were earned in the prior year from BBU.

Base management fees increased by $580 million to $3.6 billion, representing a 19% increase from the prior year. The increase is broken down as follows:

- $196 million increase in our Real Estate segment primarily attributable to capital raised for the fourth flagship real  estate  fund,  deployments  across  other  fund  strategies  and  market  valuation  increases  in  perpetual strategies;
- $133  million  increase  from  our  Infrastructure  segment,  primarily  as  a  result  of  capital  raised  for  the  fifth flagship fund and super core perpetual fund, as well as incremental fees earned on the higher average market capitalization of BIP;
- $122 million increase in our Credit and Other business due to due to capital deployed for its latest opportunistic credit flagship fund;
- $76 million increase from our Renewable Power and Transition segment due to capital raised for our flagship funds, partially offset by a lower market capitalization for BEP compared to the prior year; and
- $53 million increase from our Private Equity segment largely due to capital raised for our sixth flagship private equity fund and capital raised and deployed in other strategies.

Incentive  distributions  across  our  perpetual  affiliates  increased  by  $20  million  to  $335  million,  due  to  higher distributions paid by BIP and BEP in 2022 versus the prior year.

The margin on our fee-related earnings, including our 64% share of Oaktree's fee-related earnings, increased to 58% in  the  current  year  (2021  -  56%).  Our  fee-related  earnings  margin  before  performance  fees,  including  100%  of Oaktree's fee-related earnings, was 56% in the current year (2021 - 56%).

Direct costs consist primarily of employee expenses and professional fees, as well as business related technology costs and other shared services. Direct costs increased by $252 million from the prior year as we continue to scale our  asset  management  franchise,  including  new  product  development  and  the  broadening  of  our  distribution capabilities.

Cash taxes and other income (expense) comprise of corporate costs of our asset management business. Amounts not attributable to the Corporation relate to non-controlling interest ('NCI') of our asset management business.

## ii. Realized Carried Interest

We realize carried interest when a fund's cumulative returns are in excess of preferred returns and are no longer subject to future investment performance (e.g., subject to 'clawback'). During the year, we realized $555 million of carried  interest,  net  of  direct  costs  (2021  -  $715  million),  which  were  primarily  driven  by  distribution  and monetization activities across our businesses.

We provide supplemental information and analysis below on the estimated amount of unrealized carried interest (see  Section  iii)  that  has  accumulated  based  on  fund  performance  up  to  the  date  of  the  consolidated  financial statements.

## iii. Unrealized Carried Interest

The amounts of accumulated unrealized carried interest 1 and associated costs are not included in our Consolidated Balance Sheets or Consolidated Statements of Operations as they are still subject to clawback. These amounts are shown in the following table:

| 2022  2021  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  Carried  Interest  Direct  Costs  Net  Carried  Interest  Direct  Costs  Net  Accumulated unrealized, beginning of year  ..  $  7,747  $  (2,562)  $  5,185  $  4,695  $  (1,774)  $  2,921  In-period change  Unrealized in period  ........................................  2,475  (783)  1,692  5,001  (1,631)  3,370  Foreign currency revaluation  ........................  (185)  40  (145)  (236)  57  (179)  2,290  (743)  1,547  4,765  (1,574)  3,191  Less: realized  .....................................................  (894)  284  (610)  (1,713)  786  (927)  1,396  (459)  937  3,052  (788)  2,264  Accumulated unrealized, end of year  .............  9,143  (3,021)  6,122  7,747  (2,562)  5,185  Carried interest not attributable to the  Corporation  ..........................................................  (1,060)  547  (513)  (962)  496  (466)  Accumulated unrealized, end of year, net  .....  $  8,083  $  (2,474)  $  5,609  $  6,785  $  (2,066)  $  4,719   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Unrealized  carried  interest  generated  in  the  current  year  before  foreign  exchange  and  associated  costs  was $2.5 billion lower than the prior year primarily due to lower increases in the valuations of infrastructure, real estate and credit and other funds versus 2021.

Accumulated  unrealized  carried  interest,  net 1 ,  totaled  $8.1  billion  as  at  December  31,  2022.  We  estimate approximately $2.5 billion in associated costs related to the future realization of the accumulated amounts to date, predominantly  related  to  employee  long-term  incentive  plans  and  taxes  that  will  be  incurred.  We  expect  to recognize $4.5 billion of this carry at our share, before costs, within the next three years; however, realization of this carried interest is dependent on future investment performance and the timing of monetizations.

1. See definition in Glossary of Terms beginning on page 129.

## RENEWABLE POWER AND TRANSITION

## BUSINESS OVERVIEW

- We own and operate renewable power, sustainable solutions and transition assets primarily through our 48% economic ownership interest 1 in  BEP, which is listed on the NYSE and TSX and had a market capitalization of $16.8 billion as at December 31, 2022.
- BEP owns one of the world's largest publicly traded renewable power portfolios.
- We  also  enter  into  energy  contracts,  which  are  our  contractual  arrangement  with  BEP  to  purchase  power generated  by  certain  North  American  hydro  assets  at  a  fixed  price  that  is  then  resold  on  a  contracted  or uncontracted basis.

## OPERATIONS

## Hydroelectric

- We operate and invest in 229 hydroelectric generating stations on 87 river systems in North America, Brazil and Colombia. Our hydroelectric operations have 8,159 megawatts ('MW') of installed capacity and annualized longterm average ('LTA') 1 generation of 20,085 gigawatt hours ('GWh') on a proportionate basis 1 .

## Wind

- Our wind operations include 125 wind facilities globally with 6,935 MW of installed capacity and annualized LTA generation of 7,141 GWh on a proportionate basis.

## Solar

- Our solar operations include 149 solar facilities globally with 3,957 MW of installed capacity and 2,756 GWh of annualized LTA generation on a proportionate basis.

## Energy Transition

- Our distributed generation operation includes 6,238 facilities with 2,055 MW of installed capacity and 912 GWh of annualized LTA generation on a proportionate basis.
- Our storage operations have 4,271 MW of installed capacity at our 23 facilities and two river systems in North America and Europe.

## Energy Contracts

- Based on LTA, we purchase approximately 3,600 GWh of power from BEP each year pursuant to a long-term contract at a predetermined price, which represents 12% of BEP's power generation.
- The fixed price that we are required to pay BEP began gradually stepping down in 2022 by $3/MWh a year. This will continue until 2025, followed by a $5/MWh reduction in 2026 resulting in an approximate $20/MWh total reduction. The contract expires in 2046. Refer to Part 5 - Accounting Policies and Internal Controls for additional information.
- We sell the power into the open market and also earn ancillary revenues, such as capacity fees and renewable power credits. This provides us with increased participation in future increases or decreases in power prices.

1. See definition in Glossary of Terms beginning on page 129.

## OUTLOOK AND GROWTH INITIATIVES

| SAME-STORE GROWTH  DEVELOPMENT  CAPITAL ALLOCATION  Inflation/Margin  Development Pipeline  Acquisitions  Expansion   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Revenues in our Renewable Power and Transition segment are 92% contracted with an average contract term of 14 years, on a proportionate basis, with pricing that is inflation linked. By combining this with a stable, low cost profile,  we  are  able  to  achieve  consistent  growth  year  over  year  within  our  existing  business.  In  addition,  we consistently identify capital development projects that provide an additional source of growth. Our development pipeline  represents  approximately  110,000  MW  of  potential  capacity  globally,  of  which  13,071  MW  are  currently under construction or are construction-ready. We expect this pipeline to contribute an incremental approximately $175  million  to  BEP's  FFO  when  commissioned.  We  also  have  a  strong  track  record  of  expanding  our  business through accretive acquisitions and will continue to seek out these opportunities.

We believe that the growing global demand for low-carbon energy, especially amongst corporate off takers, will lead to continued growth opportunities for us in the future. In 2023, we intend to remain focused on progressing our key priorities,  which  include  surfacing  margin  expansion  opportunities,  progressing  our  development  pipeline  and assessing  select  contracting  opportunities  across  the  portfolio.  We  believe  the  investment  environment  for renewable power remains favorable and we expect to continue to advance our pipeline of acquisition opportunities.

## SUMMARY OF OPERATING RESULTS

The following table disaggregates segment revenues and our share of FFO and common equity of entities in our Renewable  Power  and  Transition  segment.  We  have  provided  additional  detail,  where  referenced,  to  explain significant movements from the prior period.

| AS AT AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  Revenues  FFO  Common Equity  Ref.  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  Brookfield Renewable  1  .................................  i  $  5,116  $  4,641  $  432  $  350  $  4,635  $  4,641  Energy contracts  ............................................  ii  82  (61)  (53)  (106)  639  623  Realized disposition gains  ............................  iii  -  -  22  800  -  -  $  5,198  $  4,580  $  401  $  1,044  $  5,274  $  5,264   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Brookfield's interest in BEP consists of 194.5 million redemption-exchange units, 68.8 million Class A limited partnership units, 4.0 million general partnership  units,  as  well  as  44.8  million  Class  A  shares  in  Brookfield  Renewable  Corporation  ('BEPC'),  together  representing  an  economic interest of 48% of BEP.

Revenues and FFO, excluding realized disposition gains, increased by $618 million and $135 million, respectively, compared to the prior year, primarily driven by contributions from organic growth initiatives, higher realized prices across most markets on the back of inflation-linked revenues, favorable hydroelectric generation across all regions and  strong  asset  availability.  This  was  partially  offset  by  the  impact  of  foreign  exchange  movement,  recently completed asset sales and increased interest expense.

## i. Brookfield Renewable

The following table disaggregates BEP's generation and FFO by business line to facilitate analysis of the year-overyear variances:

| Actual  Generation (GWh)  1  Long-Term  Average (GWh)  1  FFO  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (GIGAWATT HOURS AND MILLIONS)  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  Hydroelectric  ............................................................  19,524  18,046  20,023  19,726  $  667  $  668  Wind  ............................................................................  5,959  6,096  6,804  7,249  326  396  Utility-scale solar  ......................................................  1,882  1,777  2,410  2,016  253  185  Distributed energy &amp; sustainable solutions  ......  1,304  1,231  889  861  154  133  Corporate  ..................................................................  -  -  -  -  (395)  (448)  Attributable to unitholders  ....................................  28,669  27,150  30,126  29,852  1,005  934  Non-controlling interests and other  2  ..................  (565)  (524)  Segment reallocation  3  ............................................  (8)  (60)  Brookfield's interest  ................................................  $  432  $  350   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Proportionate to BEP; see 'Proportionate basis generation' in Glossary of Terms beginning on page 129.

2. Includes incentive distributions paid to Brookfield of $96 million (2021 - $80 million) as the general partner of BEP.

3. Segment reallocation refers to realized disposition gains, net of NCI, included in BEP's operating FFO that we reclassify to realized disposition gains. This allows us to present FFO attributable to unitholders on the same basis as BEP in the table above.

BEP's FFO for 2022 was $1.0 billion, of which our share was $432 million compared to $350 million in the prior year. Generation for the year totaled 28,669 GWh, a 6% increase compared to the prior year, and relatively consistent with the LTA. Key variances for our operations are described below.

## Hydroelectric

FFO remained stable relative to the prior year mainly due to:

- benefits from higher generation and strong pricing environment in North and South America; and
- inflation indexation of cash flows globally and recontracting initiatives in Colombia; offset by
- overall  weakening  of  the  Brazilian  real  and  Colombian  peso  versus  the  U.S.  dollar  and  increased  financing expenses.

## Wind

FFO  in  the  current  year  increased  by  $34  million  relative  to  the  prior  year,  when  excluding  the  impact  of  a $104 million gain on the sale of certain development assets in Europe and the U.S. The FFO increase was driven by:

- growth from an increased ownership in TerraForm Power and other acquisitions; and
- a combination of favorable resources and higher power prices as a result of inflation indexation and generation mix within North and South America, Europe and Asia; partially offset by
- the absence of contribution from North American and Irish wind business assets sold in the prior year.

## Utility-Scale Solar

FFO in the current year increased by $68 million relative to the prior year primarily due to a gain on sale of a solar development  project  in  North  America,  higher  market  prices  in  Spain  and  newly  acquired  and  commissioned facilities, partially offset by lower resources.

## Distributed Energy &amp; Sustainable Solutions

FFO from our distributed energy and sustainable solutions operation increased by $21 million relative to the prior year.  The  increase  is  mainly  attributable  to  the  growth  of  our  distributed  generation  portfolio  and  transition

investments, and higher pricing for grid stability services provided by our pumped storage facilities on the back of higher power prices.

## Corporate

The  corporate  FFO  deficit  decreased  by  $53  million  due  to  higher  other  income  and  lower  management  fees, partially offset by higher interest expense.

## ii. Energy Contracts

During the year, we purchased 3,241 GWh (2021 - 3,283 GWh) from BEP at $64 per MWh (2021 - $77 per MWh) and sold the purchased generation at an average selling price of $55 per MWh (2021 - $46 per MWh). As a result, we incurred an FFO deficit of $53 million, a decrease of $53 million compared to $106 million in the prior year.

## iii. Realized Disposition Gains

Realized disposition gains of $22 million for the year are attributable to the sale of hydro assets in Brazil and solar assets in Mexico.

Realized  disposition  gains  of  $800  million  for  the  prior  year  largely  relate  to  the  sale  of  BEPC  shares  through  a secondary offering, as well as the sale of certain wind assets.

## COMMON EQUITY

Common equity in our Renewable Power and Transition segment remained flat at $5.3 billion as at December 31, 2022 as net income was offset by distributions paid during the year.

1. See definition in Glossary of Terms beginning on page 129.

## INFRASTRUCTURE

## BUSINESS OVERVIEW

- We  own  and  operate  infrastructure  assets  primarily  through  our  27%  economic  ownership  interest  in  BIP, which is listed on the NYSE and TSX and had a market capitalization of $24.8 billion as at December 31, 2022.
- BIP is one of the largest globally diversified owners and operators of infrastructure in the world.
- During the year, we sold our direct investments in sustainable resource operations.

## PRINCIPAL OPERATIONS

## Utilities

- Our regulated transmission business includes approximately 60,000 km of operational electricity transmission and distribution  lines  in  Australia,  approximately  4,200  km  of  natural  gas  pipelines  in  North  America,  South America and India, and approximately 2,900 km of transmission lines in Brazil, of which approximately 2,000 km are operational.
- Our  commercial  and  residential  distribution  business  provides  residential  energy  infrastructure  services  to approximately  2.3  million  customers  annually  in  the  U.S.,  Canada,  Germany,  and  U.K.,  and  approximately 540,000 long-term contracted sub-metering services within Canada and the United States. We own and operate approximately 7.8 million connections, predominantly electricity and natural gas and have approximately 1.7 million  installed  smart  meters  across  Australia  and  New  Zealand.  We  provide  home  repair  services  to approximately 8.2 million customers with 16.1 million policies in North America and EMEA.
- These businesses typically generate long-term returns on a regulated or contractual asset base which increase with capital we invest to upgrade and/or expand our systems.

## Transport

- Our  diversified  terminals  operations  include  11  terminals  in  North  America,  the  U.K.,  and  Australia,  and  we provide approximately 30 million tonnes per annum in our liquefied natural gas export terminal in the U.S. and approximately 85 million tonnes per annum in our export facility in Australia.
- We operate approximately 22,000 km of railroad track in North America and Europe, approximately 5,500 km of railroad track in the southern half of Western Australia and approximately 4,800 km of rail in Brazil.
- Our toll road operations include approximately 3,800 km of motorways in Brazil, Peru and India.
- These  operations  are  comprised  of  networks  that  provide  transportation  for  freight,  commodities  and passengers. This includes businesses with price ceilings as a result of regulation, such as our rail and toll road operations, as well as unregulated businesses, such as our diversified terminals.

## Midstream

- We  own  and  operate  approximately  15,000  km  of  transmission  pipelines,  primarily  in  the  U.S.,  and approximately 600 billion cubic feet of natural gas storage in the U.S. and Canada. There are 17 natural gas and natural gas liquids processing plants with approximately 5.7 Bcf per day of gross processing capacity in Canada.
- We own and operate approximately 10,600 km of pipelines in Canada which include long-haul, conventional and natural gas gathering pipelines and a petrochemical complex.
- These operations are comprised of businesses, typically unregulated or subject to price ceilings, that provide transmission and storage services, with profitability based on the volume and price achieved for the provision of these services.

## Data

- We own and operate approximately 207,000 operational telecom towers in India, France, Germany, Austria, the U.K. and New Zealand, approximately 46,600 km of fiber optic cable located in France, Brazil and New Zealand, and  over  70  distributed  antenna  systems  primarily  located  in  the  U.K.  In  addition,  we  have  approximately 880,000  fiber-to-the-premise  connections  in  France  and  Australia  and  2  semiconductor  manufacturing foundries in the United States.
- In our data storage business, we manage 50 data centers with approximately 230 MW of critical load capacity.
- These  businesses  provide  critical  infrastructure  and  essential  services  to  media  broadcasting  and  telecom sectors and are secured by long-term inflation-linked contracts.

## OUTLOOK AND GROWTH INITIATIVES

<!-- image -->

| SAME-STORE GROWTH  DEVELOPMENT  CAPITAL ALLOCATION  Inflation and  Capital  Active  Volumes  Backlog  Acquisitions   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Our  infrastructure  business  owns  and  operates  assets  that  are  critical  to  the  global  economy.  Our  expertise  in managing  and  developing  such  assets  make  us  ideal  partners  for  our  stakeholders.  Our  goal  is  to  continue  to demonstrate our stewardship of critical infrastructure which should enable us to participate in future opportunities to acquire high-quality infrastructure businesses.

Approximately  90%  of  FFO  is  supported  by  regulated  or  long-term  contracted  revenues  which  benefit  from inflationary tariff increases, GDP growth and cashflow reinvestment. As a result, we are able to achieve consistent growth year over year within our existing business. In addition, we have been able to identify capital development projects that provide an additional source of growth. At the end of 2022, total capital to be commissioned in the next  two  to  three  years  is  approximately  $6.3  billion.  Our  backlog,  coupled  with  inflation  indexation  and  higher volumes from our GDP sensitive businesses, should result in another year of strong same-store growth. Since year end, we successfully completed two acquisitions for a total equity requirement of $1.9 billion which will contribute to our FFO per unit growth in 2023.

## SUMMARY OF OPERATING RESULTS

The following table disaggregates segment revenues and our share of FFO and common equity of entities in our Infrastructure  segment.  We  have  provided  additional  detail,  where  referenced,  to  explain  significant  movements from the prior period.

| AS AT AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  Revenues  FFO  Common Equity  Ref.  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  Brookfield Infrastructure  1  .........................  i  $  14,664  $  11,709  $  497  $  411  $  2,524  $  2,696  Sustainable resources and other  ............  ii  64  238  4  15  260  326  Realized disposition gains  .........................  iii  -  -  139  371  -  -  $  14,728  $  11,947  $  640  $  797  $  2,784  $  3,022   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Brookfield's interest consists of 193.6 million redemption-exchange units, 0.4 million limited partnership units, 2.4 million general partnership units of BIP LP, as well as 13.0 million Class A shares in Brookfield Infrastructure Corporation ('BIPC'), together representing an economic interest of 27% of BIP.

Revenues  and  FFO,  excluding  realized  disposition  gains,  increased  by  $2.8  billion  and  $75  million,  respectively, compared  to  the  prior  year.  The  increases  were  primarily  as  a  result  of  contributions  from  recent  acquisitions, capital commissioned into the rate base in the current high inflationary environment. This was partially offset by higher base management fees and higher financing costs.

## i. Brookfield Infrastructure

The following table disaggregates BIP's FFO by business line to facilitate analysis of the year-over-year variances:

| FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Utilities  ..............................................................................................................................................................  $  739  $  705  Transport  .........................................................................................................................................................  794  701  Midstream  .......................................................................................................................................................  743  492  Data  ...................................................................................................................................................................  239  238  Corporate  .........................................................................................................................................................  (428)  (403)  Attributable to unitholders  ..........................................................................................................................  2,087  1,733  Non-controlling interests and other  1  ........................................................................................................  (1,574)  (1,301)  Segment reallocation  2  ...................................................................................................................................  (16)  (21)  Brookfield's interest  ......................................................................................................................................  $  497  $  411   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Includes incentive distributions paid to Brookfield of $240 million (2021 - $207 million) as the general partner of BIP.

2. Segment reallocation refers to certain items, net of NCI, included in BIP's FFO that we reclassify. This allows us to present FFO attributable to unitholders on the same basis as BIP in the table above.

BIP's FFO for 2022 was $2.1 billion, of which our share was $497 million compared to $411 million in the prior year. Key variances for our operations are described below and on the following page.

## Utilities

FFO in our utilities operations of $739 million was $34 million higher than the prior year. The increase is mainly attributable to:

- benefits  of  inflation  indexation,  capital  commissioned  into  the  rate  base  in  2022,  and  contributions  from acquisitions of two Australian utilities; partially offset by
- higher borrowing costs from higher interest rates and incremental debt at our Brazilian assets.

## Transport

FFO from our transport operations of $794 million was $93 million higher than the prior year. The increase is mainly attributable to:

- inflationary tariff increases across all of our businesses, higher volumes  and  the  commissioning  of ~$400 million in capital expansion projects during the year; partially offset by
- the absence of contributions associated with our North American container terminal sold halfway through this year and our Chilean toll road operation sold in the prior year.

## Midstream

FFO  in  our  midstream  operations  of  $743  million  was  $251  million  higher  than  the  prior  year.  The  increase  is primarily due to the contributions from our acquisition of IPL in the second half of 2021 and strong performance at the base businesses from elevated commodity prices.

## Data

FFO from our data operations of $239 million was consistent compared to the prior year. Results benefitted from strong underlying growth from additional points-of-presence and inflationary tariff escalators, offset by weakening of the Indian rupee exchange rate compared to the prior year.

## Corporate

The Corporate FFO deficit of $428 million increased by $25 million from the prior year, largely attributable to higher base management fees resulting from a higher average unit price and unit count.

## ii. Sustainable Resources and Other

FFO at our sustainable resources and other operations decreased by $11 million relative to the prior year, due to the sale of the portfolio over the prior and current year.

## iii. Realized Disposition Gains

There  were  $139  million  realized  disposition  gains  during  the  year  which  related  to  the  sale  of  our  Brazilian electricity transmission operation. Prior period realized disposition gains of $371 million primarily related to the sale of our U.S. district energy operation and portfolio of smart meters in the U.K.

## COMMON EQUITY

Common equity in our Infrastructure  segment  was $2.8  billion  as  at  December  31,  2022  (December  31,  2021  $3.0 billion). Contributions from earnings were more than offset by distributions to unitholders.

This  equity  is  primarily  comprised  of  our  investments  in  PP&amp;E  and  certain  concessions,  which  are  recorded  as intangible  assets.  Our  PP&amp;E  is  recorded  at  fair  value  and  revalued  annually  while  concessions  are  considered as  intangible  assets  under  IFRS,  and  therefore  recorded  at  historical  cost  and  amortized  over  the  life  of  the concession. Accordingly, a smaller portion of our equity is impacted by revaluation compared to our Real Estate and  Renewable  Power  and  Transition  segments,  where  a  larger  portion  of  the  balance  sheet  is  subject  to revaluation.

## PRIVATE EQUITY

## BUSINESS OVERVIEW

- We own and operate private equity assets primarily through our 65% economic ownership interest in BBU. BBU is listed on the NYSE and TSX and had a market capitalization of $3.8 billion as at December 31, 2022.
- BBU focuses on owning and operating high-quality businesses that benefit from barriers to entry and/or low production costs.
- We also own certain businesses directly such as our Brazilian residential development business, which includes construction, sales and marketing of a broad range of residential and commercial office units, with a focus on middle income residential units in São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro.

## OPERATIONS

## Business Services

- Our residential mortgage insurer is the largest private sector residential mortgage insurer in Canada, providing mortgage default insurance to Canadian residential mortgage lenders.
- Our leading healthcare services operations in Australia provides doctors and patients with access to operating theaters, nursing staff, accommodations, and other critical care and consumables.
- We  provide  construction  operations  with  a  focus  on  high-quality  construction  of  large-scale  and  complex landmark buildings and social infrastructure. Construction projects are generally delivered through contracts for design and construction, including procurement for a defined price and program. We also provide services to residential real estate brokers through franchise arrangements under a number of brands in Canada.
- Our  dealer  software  and  technology  services  operations  is  a  leading  provider  of  cloud-based  business operations  software  to  dealerships  and  original  equipment  manufacturers  across  automotive  and  related industries.
- Investments  also  include  our  road  fuels  operations  with  significant  import  and  storage  infrastructure,  an extensive distribution network, and long-term diversified customer relationships.

## Infrastructure Services

- We are the leading supplier of infrastructure services to the power generation industry, through our investment in our nuclear technology services operations, and we generate a majority of earnings from recurring refueling and maintenance services, primarily under long-term contracts. Our nuclear technology services operations is the  original  equipment  manufacturer  or  technology  provider  for  approximately  50%  of  global  commercial nuclear power plants, and services approximately two thirds of the world's operating fleet.
- We also provide services  to  the  offshore  oil  production  industry  through  our  investment  in  our  offshore  oil services  operations,  operating  in  the  North  Sea,  Canada  and  Brazil.  Our  offshore  oil  services  operations provides  marine  transportation,  offshore  oil  production,  facility  storage,  long-distance  towing  and  offshore installation, maintenance and safety services to the offshore oil production industry.
- We provide scaffolding and related services to the industrial and commercial markets, through our investment in our work access services operations, servicing over 30,000 customers in 30 countries worldwide. Our work access  services  operations'  scale  and  reputation  as  a  leader  in  engineering  innovation  and  productivity  are competitive advantages in a fragmented industry.
- Our modular building leasing services operations is a leading provider of modular workspaces in Europe and Asia-Pacific.

- We own lottery services operations that is a leading provider of products, services, and technology across the lottery ecosystem in over 50 countries.

## Industrials

- Our  industrials  portfolio  is  comprised  of  capital-intensive  businesses  with  significant  barriers  to  entry  that require technical operating expertise.
- We invest in advanced energy storage operations, which is a global market leader in automotive batteries that power both electric and internal combustion engine vehicles.
- We invest in a leading manufacturer of a broad range of high-quality graphite electrodes. This operating entity is  a  capital-intensive  business  with  significant  barriers  to  entry  and  requires  technical  expertise  to  build  and profitably operate.
- Our  waste  and  wastewater  operations  in  Brazil  provide  water  and  wastewater  collection,  treatment  and distribution services to a broad range of residential and governmental customers.
- We own a leading global manufacturer of highly engineered components primarily for industrial trailers and other towable-equipment providers.
- We also own solar power solutions operations, which is a leading distributor of solar power solutions for the distributed generation market in Brazil.

## Residential

- Our Brazilian residential development business includes construction, sales and marketing of a broad range of residential  and  commercial  office  units,  with  a  primary  focus  on  middle  income  residential  units  in  Brazil's largest markets of São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro.

## OUTLOOK AND GROWTH INITIATIVES

SAME-STORE GROWTH

DEVELOPMENT

CAPITAL ALLOCATION

Expansion of Service Businesses

Turnaround Strategies

Acquisitions

Our Private Equity segment seeks to increase the cash flows from our operations through acquisitions and organic growth opportunities. We believe our global scale and industry leading operations allow us to efficiently allocate capital around the world toward those sectors and geographies where we see the greatest opportunities to realize our targeted returns. We also actively seek to monetize business interests as they mature and reinvest the proceeds into higher yielding investment strategies, further enhancing returns.

Within our business services operations, our residential mortgage insurer had a strong year. Claims on losses have remained low as a result of low Canadian unemployment rates and the ability of borrowers to self-cure mortgage delinquencies following several years of strong home price appreciation. Within our dealer software and technology services,  we  are  focused  on  executing  value  creation  plans  to  improve  the  efficiency  and  effectiveness  of  its operations  and  enhance  its  go-to-market  strategy.  Our  Australian  healthcare  services  face  waitlists  for  elective surgeries that are at historic highs and we expect this to contribute to improved earnings.

Within our infrastructure services operations, our nuclear technology services generated strong performance during the year driven by increased outage and maintenance volumes, ongoing cost savings initiatives and contribution from  recent  add-on  acquisitions.  Within  our  modular  building  leasing  services,  utilization  levels  remained  stable during the year as strong demand in Germany and Asia Pacific offset softer market conditions in the U.K. and other parts of Europe. Overall demand at our lottery services technology operations remained stable. Recent customer wins support an improving growth outlook and the business is executing on initiatives to offset inflationary cost headwinds.

Within  our  industrials  operations,  our  advanced  energy  storage  operation  benefited  from  increased  demand  of higher margin advanced batteries and a recovery in original equipment manufacturer demand as auto production challenges  eased  during  the  year.  Overall  volumes  were  in  line  with  the  prior  year,  while  progress  on  our operational improvement plans helped offset the impact of inflationary headwinds. Our engineered components manufacturing operations had a strong year in 2022. The impact of pricing actions and cost reductions contributed to  performance despite volumes softening in North America and Europe. Since we acquired the business, it has completed  10  add-on  acquisitions,  the  continued  integration  of  which  should  contribute  to  meaningful  value creation in the business.

Geographically, we continue to be committed to taking a long-term view on the regions where Brookfield has an established presence  and  we  are  focusing  efforts on  accelerating growth  initiatives and  surfacing value opportunities within our key regions.

## SUMMARY OF OPERATING RESULTS

The following table disaggregates segment revenues and our share of FFO and common equity of entities in our Private  Equity  segment.  We  have  provided  additional  detail,  where  referenced,  to  explain  significant  movements from the prior period.

| AS AT AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  Revenues  FFO  Common Equity  Ref.  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  Brookfield Business Partners  1  ...................  i  $  57,590  $  46,652  $  820  $  597  $  2,439  $  2,803  Other investments  .......................................  ii  842  231  125  58  2,047  1,193  Realized disposition gains  ..........................  iii  -  -  81  1,376  -  -  $  58,432  $  46,883  $  1,026  $  2,031  $  4,486  $  3,996   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Brookfield's interest in BBU consists of 69.7 million redemption-exchange units, 24.8 million limited partnership units, eight general partnership units, as well as 47.2 million Class A shares in Brookfield Business Corporation ('BBUC'), together representing an economic interest of 65% of BBU.

Revenues generated from our Private Equity segment increased by $11.5 billion, as a result of contributions from recent  acquisitions,  including  from  add-on  acquisitions  at  our  operating  subsidiaries.  The  increase  was  partially offset by foreign exchange movements in our road fuels operations.

Excluding realized disposition gains, FFO increased by $290 million, mainly due to the factors noted above, partially offset by increased interest expense and higher operating expenses across certain of our segments.

## i. Brookfield Business Partners

The following table disaggregates BBU's FFO by business line to facilitate analysis of the year-over-year variances:

| FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Business services  ...........................................................................................................................................  $  508  $  397  Infrastructure services  ..................................................................................................................................  513  396  Industrials  ........................................................................................................................................................  473  879  Corporate  .........................................................................................................................................................  (178)  (99)  Attributable to unitholders  ..........................................................................................................................  1,316  1,573  Performance fees  ...........................................................................................................................................  -  (157)  Non-controlling interests  .............................................................................................................................  (474)  (515)  Segment reallocation and other  1  ...............................................................................................................  (22)  (304)  Brookfield's interest  ......................................................................................................................................  $  820  $  597   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Segment reallocation and other refers to realized disposition gains, net of NCI, included in BBU's FFO that we reclassify to realized disposition gains. This allows us to present FFO attributable to unitholders on the same basis as BBU.

BBU generated $1.3 billion of FFO compared to $1.6 billion in the prior year, with our share being $820 million compared to $597 million in the prior year. Key variances are described on the following page.

## Business Services

Business services' FFO increased by $111 million compared to the prior year. Contributing factors include:

- contributions  from  the  acquisitions  of  a  dealer  software  and  technology  services  operations,  an  Australian residential mortgage lender operations and payment processing service operations; partially offset by
- higher interest expense related to the acquisitions during the year.

## Infrastructure Services

Within  our  infrastructure  services  operations,  we  generated  $513  million  of  FFO,  an  increase  of  $117  million compared to the prior year, largely driven by:

- a full year of contributions from the 2021 acquisition of our modular building leasing services operations and contributions from the 2022 acquisition of our lottery service operations; partially offset by
- higher  interest  expense  as  a  result  of  acquisitions  during  the  year  and  a  full  year  of  interest  from  2021 acquisitions, and higher tax expense.

## Industrials

Industrials' FFO decreased by $406 million as the prior year included gains of $476 million on the partial disposition of our investment in graphite electrode operations and the sale of our investment in public securities. The current year's FFO included a gain of $18 million on the partial disposition of our investment in public securities. Excluding the impact of disposition gains, FFO increased by $52 million compared to the prior year, primarily due to:

- contributions from the acquisition of our engineered components manufacturing operations; and
- improved margin performance as a result of cost reductions, commercial initiatives, and cost savings; partially offset by
- inflationary headwinds and reduced volumes.

## Corporate

The Corporate FFO deficit increased by $79 million due to increased management fees due to a higher average market capitalization of BBU relative to the prior period.

## ii. Other Investments

FFO  from  other  investments  increased  by  $67  million  to  $125  million,  mainly  related  to  contributions  from  the acquisition of our roofing products manufacturer in the prior year, and higher gross margin earned on projects at our Brazilian residential operations.

## iii. Realized Disposition Gains

Realized disposition gains of $81 million in the year is primarily attributable to the partial sale of our interests in certain  public  equities.  Realized  disposition  gains  of  $1.4  billion  in  the  prior  year  were  due  to  the  sale  of  our interests in West Fraser Timber Co.

## COMMON EQUITY

Common equity in our Private  Equity  segment  was  $4.5  billion  as  at  December  31,  2022  (December  31,  2021  $4.0 billion). The increase was mainly attributable to contributions from FFO that were partially offset by the impact of depreciation.

## REAL ESTATE

## BUSINESS OVERVIEW

- We own and operate real estate assets through our 100% economic ownership interest in BPG.
- BPG  owns  real  estate  assets  directly  as  well  as  through  private  funds  that  are  managed  by  our  asset management  business.  Included  in  directly  held  assets  is  our  North  American  residential  development business, which is conducted through Brookfield Residential Properties ULC.
- We present the operating results of our Real Estate segment within three sub-segments. The sub-segments are  based  on  our  strategy  to  maintain  an  irreplaceable  portfolio  of  trophy  mixed-use  precincts  in  global gateway  cities  ('Core'),  maximize  returns  through  a  development  or  buy-fix-sell  strategy  ('Transitional  and Development'), or recycle capital from vintage funds ('LP Investments').

## OPERATIONS

## Core

- We own interests in and operate some of the most iconic office assets globally, including One Manhattan West in  New  York  and  Canary  Wharf  in  London.  We  focus  on  high-quality  real  estate  assets  in  some  of  the  best locations around the world because we have found that these outperform over very long periods of time and through economic cycles. These 64 properties are located primarily in the world's leading commercial markets such as New York City, London, Toronto, Berlin, and Dubai, covering 33 million square feet.
- We also own interests in and operate 19 irreplaceable malls totaling 24 million square feet of retail space. We intend to retain long-term ownership interests in these trophy assets, such as Ala Moana in Hawaii and Fashion Show in Las Vegas.
- We develop properties on a selective basis; active development and redevelopment projects consist of three office sites, several multifamily sites and two hotel sites, totaling approximately 4 million square feet.

## Transitional and Development

- We own interests in and operate office assets in gateway markets around the globe, consisting of 68 properties totaling 59 million square feet of space. These assets represent properties with transitional operational uplift and realization potential. They earn attractive short-term rates of return, as we acquire underperforming assets and  improve  their  operations.  We  add  significant  value  during  this  transitional  period  before  ultimately monetizing them and reinvesting the proceeds.
- The office properties are located primarily in the world's leading commercial markets such as New York City, London, Toronto, Sydney and Rio de Janeiro.
- We also own 90 retail properties covering 86 million square feet of space, where we seek to maximize return through  leasing,  redevelopment  of  existing  retail,  or  in  some  cases  through  the  addition  of  a  mixed-use component like multifamily or office. We add significant value during this transitional period before ultimately monetizing them.
- Our North American business is conducted through Brookfield Residential Properties ULC, which is active in 18 principal markets in Canada and the U.S. and controls approximately 81,000 lots.

## LP Investments

- We  own  and  operate  global  portfolios  of  real  estate  investments  through  our  real  estate  funds,  which  are targeted to achieve higher returns than our office and retail portfolios within our Core and Transitional and Development operations.
- Our LP Investments business strategy is to acquire high quality assets at a discount to replacement cost or

intrinsic value, to execute clearly defined strategies for operational improvement and to achieve opportunistic returns through net operating income ('NOI') growth and realized gains on exit.

- Our  LP  Investments  portfolio  consists  of  high-quality  assets  with  operational  upside  across  the  multifamily, triple net lease, hospitality, office, retail, mixed-use, logistics, life science, senior living, manufactured housing and student housing sectors.

## OUTLOOK AND GROWTH INITIATIVES

| SAME-STORE GROWTH  DEVELOPMENT  CAPITAL ALLOCATION  Rent to Market/Occupancy  Active Development  Capital Recycling   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Our real  estate  group  remains  focused  on  increasing  the  value  of  our  properties  through  proactive  leasing  and select redevelopment initiatives, as well as recycling capital from mature properties, primarily from our transitional and development assets, to fund new higher yielding investments, particularly in our LP Investments. We deploy additional capital throughout our portfolio for planned capital expansion that should continue to increase earnings for the next several years as these projects are completed. Our development track record reflects on-time and onbudget completions. This includes development projects in progress across our premier office buildings, retail malls and mixed-use complexes located primarily in North America and Europe.

We have a positive outlook for our North American residential business, reflecting strong housing demand in North America and the significant progress we have made on strategic initiatives in recent years to scale and reposition the business to enhance our returns over the long-term.

Within our LP Investments, we will continue to acquire high-quality properties through the global private funds of our asset management business as these generally produce higher returns relative to core strategies. These funds have  a  wide  scope  in  terms  of  real  estate  asset  classes  and  geographic  reach.  We  target  to  earn  opportunistic returns in our portfolio. These investments have a defined hold period and typically generate the majority of profits from gains recognized from realization events, including the sale of an asset or portfolio of assets, or exit of the entire investment. Funding for these transactions will continue to include proceeds from asset sales as part of our capital recycling program.

## SUMMARY OF OPERATING RESULTS

The following table disaggregates segment revenues and our share of FFO and common equity of entities in our Real Estate segment. We have provided additional detail, where referenced, to explain significant movements from the  prior  period.  We  present  the  operating  results  of  our  Real  Estate  segment,  which  include  our  investment  in Brookfield  Property  Partners  L.P.  ('BPY') 1 and  in  other  directly  held  real  estate  investments,  within  three  subsegments-Core, Transitional and Development, and LP Investments. We also separately manage certain corporate activities for these underlying investments.

| AS AT AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  Revenues  FFO  Common Equity  Ref.  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  Brookfield Property Group  1  ..........................  i  $  13,835  $  12,315  $  953  $  1,004  $  31,868  $  33,965  Realized disposition gains  .............................  ii  -  -  791  438  -  -  $  13,835  $  12,315  $  1,744  $  1,442  $  31,868  $  33,965   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Revenues and FFO from our Real Estate business increased by $1.5 billion and $302 million, respectively, compared to the prior year.

1. See definition in Glossary of Terms beginning on page 129.

Excluding  realized  disposition  gains,  FFO  decreased  by  $51  million,  primarily  due  to  increased  interest  expense, foreign exchange losses and the absence of FFO from assets sold over the last year. This was partially offset by continued recovery in our hospitality, retail and office portfolios.

## i. Brookfield Property Group

The following table disaggregates BPG's FFO by business line to facilitate analysis of the year-over-year variances:

| FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Core  ...................................................................................................................................................................  $  471  $  558  Transitional and Development  ...................................................................................................................  820  868  LP Investments  ...............................................................................................................................................  200  234  Corporate  .........................................................................................................................................................  (494)  (439)  Attributable to BPG  .......................................................................................................................................  997  1,221  Non-controlling interests  .............................................................................................................................  -  (138)  Segment reallocation and other  1  ...............................................................................................................  (44)  (79)  Brookfield's interest  ......................................................................................................................................  $  953  $  1,004   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Reflects preferred dividend distributions as well as fee-related earnings, net carried interest and associated asset management expenses not included in FFO reclassified to the Asset Management segment.

BPG's FFO for 2022 was $953 million compared to $1.0 billion in the prior year. Key variances for our operations are described below.

## Core

FFO of $471 million was $87 million lower than the prior year. The main contributors are:

- continued recovery from the pandemic in our retail assets; more than offset by
- higher interest expense due to increased floating interest rates on variable debt obligations coupled with an increase in debt obligations as a result of financing activity; and
- impact of foreign currency translation.

## Transitional and Development

FFO of $820 million was $48 million lower than the prior year mainly attributable to:

- increased earnings from equity accounted investments; and
- continued recovery of retail businesses from the prior year, resulting in improving occupancy rates.

## LP Investments

FFO of $200 million was $34 million lower than the prior year, mainly attributable to:

- increased  performance driven by growth in all asset classes  resulting  from  increased  occupancy  and  higher daily rates earned at certain of our hospitality assets; more than offset by
- the impact of foreign currency translation and higher interest expense.

## Corporate

Corporate expenses within our Real Estate segment increased by $55 million to $494 million, driven by increased asset management fees partially offset by lower interest expense due to the maturity of certain preferred shares.

## ii. Realized Disposition Gains

Realized disposition gains were $791 million and $438 million in the current and the prior year, respectively. Current year  realized  disposition  gains  primarily  related  to  dispositions  of  our  U.K.  student  housing  portfolio  and  other holdings within our LP Investments portfolio.

## COMMON EQUITY

Common  equity  in  our  Real  Estate  segment  decreased  to  $31.9  billion  as  at  December  31,  2022  compared  to $34.0 billion as at December 31, 2021. The decrease is mainly attributable to contributions from FFO and valuation increases, which were more than offset by the aforementioned dispositions across the segment during 2022.

## CORPORATE ACTIVITIES

## BUSINESS OVERVIEW

- Our  corporate  activities  support  the  overall  business  with  a  focus  on  prudent  capital  allocation  that  will compound value for our shareholders over the long-term.
- Corporate activities include, but are not limited to, supporting the growth in our asset management business and perpetual affiliates, and providing capital throughout the organization, when needed. In addition, we will make direct investments on an opportunistic basis.
- We also hold cash and financial assets as part of our liquidity management operations and enter into financial contracts to manage residual foreign exchange and other risks, as appropriate.

## SUMMARY OF OPERATING RESULTS

The following table disaggregates segment revenues, FFO and common equity into the principal assets and liabilities within our corporate operations and associated FFO to facilitate analysis:

| AS AT AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  Revenues  FFO  Common Equity  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  Insurance solutions  ................................................  $  -  $  -  $  388  $  30  $  3,996  $  988  Corporate cash and financial assets, net  ...........  125  70  77  42  477  3,522  Other corporate investments  ...............................  -  81  30  53  548  1,099  Corporate costs and taxes/  net working capital  ..................................................  -  -  (114)  (64)  (944)  699  Corporate borrowings  ............................................  -  -  (504)  (438)  (11,390)  (10,875)  Preferred equity  1,2  ...................................................  -  -  -  -  (4,375)  (4,375)  Realized disposition gains  .....................................  -  -  88  97  -  -  $  125  $  151  $  (35)  $  (280)  $ (11,688)  $  (8,942)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. FFO excludes preferred share distributions of $160 million (2021 - $157 million).

2. Includes $230 million of perpetual subordinated notes issued in November 2020 by a wholly owned subsidiary of Brookfield, included within noncontrolling interest.

Our insurance solutions business generated FFO of $388 million for the year with the growth in earnings primarily driven by strong performance of its investment portfolio and the acquisition of American National in May 2022, as well as the re-deployment of its highly liquid and short-duration portfolio into higher yielding investments.

Our portfolio  of  corporate  cash  and  financial  assets  is  generally  recorded  at  fair  value  with  changes  recognized through  net  income,  unless  the  underlying  financial  investments  are  classified  as  fair  value  through  other comprehensive income, in which case changes in value are recognized in other comprehensive income. Loans and receivables  are  typically  carried  at  amortized  cost.  As  at  December  31,  2022,  our  portfolio  of  corporate  cash and  financial  assets  included  $1.3  billion  of  cash  and  cash  equivalents  (December  31,  2021  -  $1.9  billion).  The decrease from December 31, 2021 is largely attributable to cash deployed to fund BNRE's acquisition of American National, dividends paid to shareholders, funding of capital calls and investments, net repayment of commercial paper and the repurchase of 17.2 million Class A shares, partially offset by $5.2 billion of distributable earnings 1 .

Our corporate cash and financial assets generated FFO of $77 million compared to FFO of $42 million in the prior year primarily due to gains on our financial asset portfolio in the current year.

Other corporate investments include our share of the corporate cash and financial assets of Oaktree that were not transferred to our asset management business. The decrease in FFO from the prior year is primarily due to lower returns on Oaktree's balance sheet investments.

1. See definition in Glossary of Terms beginning on page 129.

Corporate  costs,  taxes  and  net  working  capital  were  collectively  in  a  liability  position  of  $944  million  as  at December 31, 2022, compared to the prior year asset position of $699 million. Included within this balance are net deferred income tax assets of $363 million (December 31, 2021 - $1.8 billion). The decline in our deferred tax assets was primarily due to the special distribution of our asset management business in which certain subsidiaries and their respective deferred tax balances were transferred at book value to our asset management business. The FFO deficit  of  $114  million  includes  corporate  costs  and  cash  taxes,  which  were  higher  compared  to  the  prior  year primarily due to higher tax expense.

Corporate borrowings are generally issued with fixed interest rates. Some of these borrowings are denominated in Canadian dollars and therefore the carrying value fluctuates with changes in the foreign exchange rate. A number of these  borrowings  have  been  designated  as  hedges  of  our  Canadian  dollar  net  investments  within  our  other segments, resulting in the majority of the currency revaluation being recognized in other comprehensive income. The  $504  million  FFO  deficit  reported  through  corporate  borrowings  reflects  the  interest  expense  on  all  of  our corporate  borrowings.  The  increase  from  the  prior  year  was  primarily  attributable  to  corporate  debt  issuances completed over the last twelve months.

Preferred equity is not revalued under IFRS and is consistent with year-end.

Realized disposition gains of $88 million were primarily due to the sale of a financial asset during the year.

We describe cash and financial assets, corporate borrowings and preferred equity in more detail within Part 4 Capitalization and Liquidity.

## PART 4

## CAPITALIZATION AND LIQUIDITY

## CAPITALIZATION

We  review  key  components  of  our  capitalization  in  the  following  sections.  In  several  instances  we  have disaggregated the balances into the amounts attributable to our operating segments in order to facilitate discussion and analysis.

Corporate Capitalization 1 - reflects the amount of debt held in the Corporate Activities segment and our issued and outstanding  common  and  preferred  shares.  Corporate  debt  includes  unsecured  bonds  and  excludes  draws on  revolving  credit  facilities  and  the  issuance  of  short-term  commercial  paper.  As  at  December  31,  2022,  our corporate capitalization was $61.5 billion (December 31, 2021 - $62.9 billion) with a debt to capitalization 1 of 19% (December 31, 2021 - 17%).

Consolidated Capitalization 1 -  reflects the aggregate capitalization of wholly owned, partially owned, and managed entities  that  we  consolidate  in  our  financial  statements.  As  at  December  31,  2022,  consolidated  capitalization increased  compared  to  the  prior  year  largely  due  to  acquisitions,  which  resulted  in  additional  associated borrowings,  working  capital  balances  and  non-controlling  interests.  Much  of  the  borrowings  issued  within  our managed entities are included in our consolidated balance sheet notwithstanding that virtually none of this debt has any recourse to the Corporation.

The following table presents our capitalization on a corporate and consolidated basis:

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  Corporate  Consolidated  Ref.  2022  2021  2022  2021  Corporate borrowings  ..........................................................................  i  $  11,390  $  10,875  $  11,390  $  10,875  Non-recourse borrowings  Subsidiary borrowings  .......................................................................  i  -  -  15,140  12,876  Property-specific borrowings  ...........................................................  i  -  -  187,544  152,181  11,390  10,875  214,074  175,932  Accounts payable and other  ................................................................  5,985  5,104  57,065  52,546  Deferred income tax liabilities  ............................................................  112  299  23,190  20,328  Subsidiary equity obligations  ..............................................................  -  -  4,188  4,308  Liabilities associated with assets classified as held for sale  .........  -  -  876  3,148  Equity  Non-controlling interests  .................................................................  230  230  98,138  88,386  Preferred equity  .................................................................................  ii  4,145  4,145  4,145  4,145  Common equity  ..................................................................................  iii  39,608  42,210  39,608  42,210  43,983  46,585  141,891  134,741  Total capitalization  .................................................................................  $  61,470  $  62,863  $  441,284  $  391,003  Debt to capitalization  ............................................................................  19%  17%  49%  45%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. See definition in Glossary of Terms beginning on page 129.

## i. Borrowings

## Corporate Borrowings

| AS AT DEC. 31  ($ MILLIONS)  Average Rate  Average Term  (Years)  Consolidated  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  Term debt  .................................................................  4.2%  4.2%  13  13  $  11,467  $  10,039  Commercial paper  ..................................................  n/a  0.4%  n/a  &lt;1  -  462  Revolving facilities  ...................................................  n/a  1.1%  n/a  4  -  450  Deferred financing costs  .......................................  n/a  n/a  n/a  n/a  (77)  (76)  Total  ............................................................................  $  11,390  $  10,875   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  at  December  31,  2022,  corporate  borrowings  included  term  debt  of  $11.5  billion  (December  31,  2021  $10.0 billion) which had an average term to maturity of 13 years (December 31, 2021 - 13 years). Term debt consists of  public  and  private  bonds,  all  of  which  are  fixed  rate  and  have  maturities  ranging  from  2024  to  2080.  These financings provide an important source of long-term capital and are appropriately matched to our long-term asset profile.

The increase in term debt compared to the prior year is mainly driven by the issuance of $400 million of 2052 green notes  and  a  $400  million  re-opening  of  our  2028  notes  in  the  first  quarter  of  2022,  along  with  the  issuance  of C$1 billion notes in the fourth quarter of 2022.

We  had  no  commercial  paper  outstanding  and  no  draws  on  our  revolving  facility  as  at  December  31,  2022 (December  31,  2021  -  $912  million  of  commercial  paper  and  revolving  facility  draws  outstanding).  As  at December 31, 2022, $50 million of the facilities were utilized for letters of credit (December 31, 2021 - $61 million).

## Subsidiary Borrowings

We endeavor to capitalize our perpetual affiliates to enable continuous access to debt capital markets, usually on an investment-grade  basis,  thereby  reducing  the  demand  for  capital  from  the  Corporation.  Subsidiary  borrowings include perpetual affiliates' recourse term debt and credit facility draws. These borrowings have no recourse to the Corporation.

| AS AT DEC. 31  ($ MILLIONS)  Average Rate  Average Term  (Years)  Consolidated  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  Renewable Power and Transition  ........................  3.7%  3.9%  10  12  $  2,546  $  2,147  Infrastructure  ...........................................................  4.4%  3.2%  10  10  3,666  2,719  Private Equity  ...........................................................  6.8%  2.6%  4  4  2,226  1,745  Real Estate  ................................................................  5.6%  3.1%  4  5  6,702  6,265  Total  ............................................................................  5.2%  3.5%  6  6  $  15,140  $  12,876   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Property-Specific Borrowings

As part of our financing strategy, the majority of our debt capital is in the form of property-specific borrowings and project financings and is denominated in local currencies that have recourse only to the assets being financed and have no recourse to the Corporation or the relevant perpetual affiliate.

| AS AT DEC. 31  ($ MILLIONS)  Average Rate  Average Term  (Years)  Consolidated  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  Renewable Power and Transition  ........................  5.3%  4.5%  9  10  $  22,826  $  19,893  Infrastructure  ...........................................................  6.5%  4.3%  6  7  29,881  28,515  Private Equity  ..........................................................  7.3%  4.7%  6  5  48,787  27,966  Real Estate  ................................................................  6.1%  3.6%  3  3  86,050  75,807  Total  ............................................................................  6.4%  4.0%  5  5  $  187,544  $  152,181   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Property-specific borrowings have increased by $35.4 billion since December 31, 2021, which is largely attributable to:

- the acquisitions of a technology services provider, an Australian residential mortgage lender, and a technology and global lottery services business within our Private Equity segment; and
- new  investments  across  multiple  European  office  REITs  and  mixed-use  properties  within  our  Real  Estate segment.

## Fixed and Floating Interest Rate Exposure

Many of our borrowings, including all corporate borrowings recourse to the Corporation, are fixed rate, long-term financings. The remainder of our borrowings are at floating rates; however, from time to time, we enter into interest rate contracts to swap our floating rate exposure to fixed rates.

As  at  December  31,  2022,  65%  of  our  share  of  debt  outstanding,  including  the  effect  of  swaps,  was  fixed  rate. Accordingly,  changes  in  interest  rates  are  typically  limited  to  the  impact  of  refinancing  borrowings  at  prevailing market rates or changes in the level of debt as a result of acquisitions and dispositions.

The following table presents the fixed and floating rates of interest expense:

| AS AT DEC. 31  ($ MILLIONS)  Fixed Rate  Floating Rate  2022  2021  2022  2021  Average  Rate  Consolidated  Average  Rate  Consolidated  Average  Rate  Consolidated  Average  Rate  Consolidated  Corporate  borrowings  ..............  4.2%  $  11,390  4.2%  $  10,875  -%  $  -  -%  $  -  Subsidiary  borrowings  ..............  4.5%  9,346  4.0%  8,619  6.3%  5,794  2.4%  4,430  Property-specific  borrowings  ..............  4.9%  57,908  4.8%  58,392  7.1%  129,637  3.6%  93,616  Total  ..........................  4.7%  $  78,644  4.7%  $  77,886  7.0%  $  135,431  3.5%  $  98,046   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ii. Preferred Equity

Preferred equity represents permanent non-participating preferred shares that provide leverage to our common equity. The shares are categorized by their principal characteristics in the following table:

| AS AT DEC. 31  ($ MILLIONS)  Term  Average Rate  Amount  2022  2021  2022  2021  Fixed rate-reset  .....................................................................  Perpetual  4.3%  4.1%  $  2,901  $  2,901  Fixed rate  ................................................................................  Perpetual  4.8%  4.8%  739  739  Floating rate  ...........................................................................  Perpetual  4.3%  2.3%  505  505  Total  .........................................................................................  4.4%  4.0%  $  4,145  $  4,145   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Fixed rate-reset preferred shares are issued with an initial fixed rate coupon that is reset after an initial period, typically  five  years,  at  a  predetermined  spread  over  the  Canadian  five-year  government  bond  yield.  The  average reset spread as at December 31, 2022 was 279 basis points.

## iii. Common Equity

## Issued and Outstanding Shares

Changes in the number of issued and outstanding Class A and Class B shares during the years are as follows:

| AS AT AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Outstanding at beginning of year  ..............................................................................................................  1,568.8  1,510.7  Issued (repurchased)  Issuances  ......................................................................................................................................................  1.4  61.3  Repurchases  .................................................................................................................................................  (17.2)  (9.7)  Long-term share ownership plans  1  ........................................................................................................  19.1  6.4  Dividend reinvestment plan and others  ................................................................................................  1.3  0.1  Outstanding at end of period  ......................................................................................................................  1,573.4  1,568.8  Unexercised options and other share-based plans  1  and exchangeable shares of affiliate  ..........  55.5  82.8  Total diluted shares at end of period  ........................................................................................................  1,628.9  1,651.6   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Includes management share option plan and restricted stock plan.

The  company  holds  62.9  million  Class  A  shares  (December  31,  2021  -  69.7  million)  purchased  by  consolidated entities in respect of long-term share ownership programs, which have been deducted from the total amount of shares outstanding at the date acquired. Diluted shares outstanding include nil (December 31, 2021 - 25.1 million) shares issuable in respect of these plans based on the market value of the Class A shares as at December 31, 2022 and  December  31,  2021,  resulting  in  a  net  reduction  of  62.9  million  (December  31,  2021  -  44.6  million)  diluted shares outstanding.

During 2022, 3.3 million options were exercised, of which 1.2 million and 0.2 million were issued on a net-settled and gross basis, respectively, resulting in the cancellation of 1.8 million vested options.

The cash value of unexercised options was $1.1 billion as at December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021 - $1.2 billion) based on the proceeds that would be paid on exercise of the options.

As at March 21, 2023, the Corporation had outstanding 1,566,105 Class A shares and 85,120 Class B shares. Refer to Note 21 of the consolidated financial statements for additional information on equity.

## LIQUIDITY

## CORPORATE LIQUIDITY

We maintain significant liquidity at the corporate level. Our primary sources of liquidity, which we refer to as core liquidity, consist of:

- cash and financial assets, net of other associated liabilities; and
- undrawn committed credit facilities.

We  further  assess  overall  liquidity  inclusive  of  our  perpetual  affiliates  BEP,  BIP,  BBU,  BPG  and  our  insurance solutions business because of their role in funding acquisitions both directly and through funds managed by our asset  management  business.  On  a  group  basis,  we  had  $37  billion  of  core  liquidity,  including  liquidity  from corporate and perpetual affiliates, and $124 billion of total liquidity, including third-party commitments available for drawdown in the private funds of our asset management business, as at December 31, 2022.

## CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS

The  Corporation  has  very few  non-discretionary capital requirements.  Our  largest normal  course  capital requirement  are  our  debt  maturities  and  there  are  no  corporate  debt  maturities  until  March  2024  when approximately $1 billion is due. Periodically, we will fund acquisitions and seed new investment strategies.

At the perpetual affiliate level, the largest normal course capital requirements are debt maturities and the pro-rata share of private fund capital calls. New acquisitions are primarily funded through the private funds or perpetual affiliates that are managed by our asset management business. We endeavor to structure these entities so that they are self-funding, preferably on an investment-grade basis, and in almost all circumstances do not rely on financial support from the Corporation.

In the case of private funds, the necessary equity capital is obtained by calling on commitments made by the limited partners in each fund, which include commitments made by our perpetual affiliates as well as the Corporation. As at December 31, 2022, the Corporation has funded $1.8 billion of our $2.75 billion commitment to our third flagship real estate fund alongside BPG's $1 billion commitment. The Corporation has committed $3.5 billion to our fourth flagship real estate fund of which $690 million has been funded. The Corporation has committed $750 million to our latest opportunistic credit fund of which $375 million has been funded. In the case of perpetual affiliates, capital requirements are funded through their own resources and access to capital markets, which may be supported by us from time to time through participation in equity offerings or bridge financings.

At  the  asset  level,  we  schedule  ongoing  capital  expenditure  programs  to  maintain  the  operating  capacity  of  our assets  at  existing  levels.  We  refer  to  this  as  sustaining  capital  expenditures.  The  sustaining  capital  expenditure programs are typically funded by, and represent a relatively small proportion of, the operating cash flows within each business. The timing of these expenditures is discretionary; however, we believe it is important to maintain the productivity of our assets in order to optimize cash flows and value accretion.

## CORE AND TOTAL LIQUIDITY

The following table presents core liquidity of the Corporation, perpetual affiliates and managed funds:

| Corporate Liquidity  1  Group Liquidity  AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  2022  2021  Cash and financial assets, net  ........................................................................  $  2,893  $  3,522  $  27,440  $  6,233  Undrawn committed credit facilities  .............................................................  2,540  1,618  9,284  8,778  Core liquidity  2  ...................................................................................................  5,433  5,140  36,724  15,011  Uncalled private fund commitments  ............................................................  -  -  87,364  77,079  Total liquidity  3  ..................................................................................................  $  5,433  $  5,140  $  124,088  $  92,090   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Corporate cash and financial assets in 2022 includes our proportionate share of the asset management business's cash and financial assets ($2.4 billion).

2. See definition in Glossary of Terms beginning on page 129.

3. Includes $22 billion of liquidity held through our insurance portfolio.

As  at  December  31,  2022,  the  Corporation's  core  liquidity  was  $5.4  billion,  consisting  of  $2.9  billion  in  cash  and financial assets, inclusive of our proportionate share of our asset management business's cash and financial assets, and  $2.5  billion  in  undrawn  credit  facilities.  The  Corporation's  liquidity  is  readily  available  for  use  without  any material tax consequences. We utilize this liquidity to support the activities of our perpetual affiliates and funding strategic transactions.

The  Corporation  has  the  ability  to  raise  additional  liquidity  through  the  issuance  of  securities  and  the  sale  of holdings of listed investments within our perpetual affiliates and other investments on the following page. However, this is not included in our core liquidity as we are generally able to finance our operations and capital requirements through other means.

During 2022, we generated $5.2 billion of distributable earnings, inclusive of:

- $2.1 billion of distributions from our asset management business;
- $388 million of operating earnings from our insurance solutions business;
- $2.6 billion of distributions from our perpetual affiliates and other principal investments, and yield earned on corporate cash and financial assets; and
- realizations, including $555 million of net realized carried interest and $360 million of realized disposition gains from principal investments; partially offset by
- corporate costs, interest expense, and preferred share dividends, net of equity-based compensation costs, of $693 million.

The Corporation paid a non-cash special distribution of $2.4 billion as part of the listing and special distribution of a 25% interest in our asset management business, as well as $879 million in cash dividends on its common equity during the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021 - $538 million of non-cash dividends for the BNRE spin-off and $800 million cash dividends).

The following table presents distributable earnings generated by the Corporation:

| FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Distributions from asset management business  1  ....................................................................  $  2,061  $  1,892  Insurance solutions operating earnings  ......................................................................................  388  30  Perpetual affiliates  ..............................................................................................................................  2,434  2,127  Corporate cash and financial assets  ...............................................................................................  77  42  Other principal investments  .............................................................................................................  47  (41)  Distributions from investments  ......................................................................................................  2,558  2,128  Corporate borrowings  ........................................................................................................................  (504)  (438)  Corporate costs and taxes  .................................................................................................................  (91)  (24)  (595)  (462)  Preferred share dividends  2  ...............................................................................................................  (160)  (157)  Add back: equity-based compensation costs  ................................................................................  62  36  (693)  (583)  Distributable earnings before realizations  ..................................................................................  4,314  3,467  Realizations  Realized carried interest, net  3  ...........................................................................................................  555  715  Disposition gains from principal investments  ..............................................................................  360  2,100  Distributable earnings  ........................................................................................................................  $  5,229  $  6,282   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Includes $258 million (2021 - $250 million) of fee-related earnings from Oaktree at our share.

2. Includes $10 million (2021 - $9 million) of dividends paid on perpetual subordinated notes.

3. Includes our share of Oaktree's distributable earnings attributable to realized carried interest.

The following table shows the quoted market value of the company's listed securities and annual cash distributions of the company's invested capital based on current distribution policies for each entity:

| AS AT DEC. 31, 2022  (MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER UNIT AMOUNTS)  Ownership  %  Brookfield  Owned  Units  Distributions  Per Unit  1  Quoted  Value  2  Current  Distributions  (Current Rate)  3  YTD  Distributions  (Actual)  Distributions from investments  Brookfield Renewable  4  ...........................  48%  312.0  $  1.28  $ 8,005  $  400  $  400  Brookfield Infrastructure  5  .....................  27%  209.4  1.44  6,591  302  300  Brookfield Business Partners  6  ..............  65%  141.7  0.25  2,491  35  33  Brookfield Property Group  7  ..................  100%  n/a  n/a  n/a  1,644  1,701  2,381  2,434  Corporate cash and financial assets  8,9  various  various  various  477  38  78  Total  .......................................................................................................................................................  $  2,419  $  2,512   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Based on current distribution policies.

2. Quoted value represents the value of Brookfield owned units as at market close on December 31, 2022.

3. Distributions (current rate) are calculated by multiplying units held as at December 31, 2022 by distributions per unit. Actual dividends may differ due to timing of dividend increases and payment of special dividends, which are not factored into the current rate calculation. See definition in Glossary of Terms beginning on page 129.

4. Brookfield owned units represent the combined units held in BEP and BEPC.

5. Brookfield owned units represent the combined units held in BIP and BIPC.

6. Brookfield owned units represent the combined units held in BBU and BBUC.

7. BPG's distributions include $64 million of preferred share dividends received by the Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021 nominal amounts)

8. Includes cash and cash equivalents and financial assets net of deposits.

9. YTD distributions relate to a decrease in valuations of certain of our corporate financial assets.

## REVIEW OF CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

The  following  table  summarizes  the  consolidated  statements  of  cash  flows  within  our  consolidated  financial statements:

| FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Operating activities  ........................................................................................................................................  $  8,751  $  7,874  Financing activities  .........................................................................................................................................  32,460  16,261  Investing activities  ..........................................................................................................................................  (39,650)  (21,045)  Change in cash and cash equivalents  .......................................................................................................  $  1,561  $  3,090   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

This statement reflects activities within our consolidated operations and therefore excludes activities within nonconsolidated entities.

## Operating Activities

Cash  flows  from  operating  activities  totaled  $8.8  billion  in  2022,  a  $877  million  increase  from  the  prior  year. Excluding the net change in non-cash working capital, cash flow from operating activities increased by $920 million versus the prior year period due to contributions from assets acquired, net of dispositions, and same-store growth across our business in 2022.

## Financing Activities

Net  cash  flows  from  financing  activities  totaled  $32.5  billion  in  2022  versus  $16.3  billion  in  the  prior  year,  and primarily related to:

- non-recourse borrowings arranged by our subsidiaries, net of repayments, of $28.4 billion;
- capital provided from non-controlling interests, net of capital repaid, of $10.8 billion; and
- non-recourse credit facilities drawn, net, of $6.9 billion; partially offset by
- cash distributions to non-controlling interests and shareholders of $12.1 billion.

## Investing Activities

Net  cash  flows  used  by  investing  activities  were  $39.7  billion  in  2022  versus  $21.0  billion  in  the  prior  year,  and mainly related to:

- acquisitions  of  subsidiaries,  net  of  dispositions,  of  $20.0  billion  primarily  associated  with  acquisitions  in  our Private Equity segment;
- acquisitions and additions to PP&amp;E, net of dispositions, of $6.6 billion;
- acquisitions and additions to investment properties, net of dispositions, of $5.8 billion; and
- acquisitions of financial assets and other, net of dispositions, of $4.0 billion mainly as a result of investments in debt and equity securities across our operating segments as well as financial assets acquired in our Private Equity segment.

Refer to Note 5 Acquisitions of Consolidated Entities and Note 10 Equity Accounted Investments in the consolidated financial statements for further details.

## CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS

The following table presents the contractual obligations of the company by payment periods:

| Payments Due by Period  AS AT DEC. 31, 2022  (MILLIONS)  Less than  1 Year  1 - 3  Years  4 - 5  Years  After 5  Years  Total  Recourse Obligations  Corporate borrowings  ....................................................  $  -  $  1,608  $  1,486  $  8,296  $  11,390  Accounts payable and other  1  .......................................  3,011  114  52  2,808  5,985  Interest expense  2  Corporate borrowings  ..................................................  484  863  728  3,916  5,991  Non-recourse Obligations  Principal repayments  Non-recourse borrowings of managed entities  .....  Property-specific borrowings  ..................................  41,421  56,633  37,470  52,020  187,544  Subsidiary borrowings  ..............................................  1,462  2,093  6,649  4,936  15,140  Subsidiary equity obligations  ..................................  1,187  746  553  1,702  4,188  Accounts payable and other  Lease obligations  ...........................................................  1,186  1,855  1,540  13,192  17,773  Accounts payable and other  1  .....................................  28,428  4,840  1,231  4,485  38,984  Commitments  ..................................................................  1,737  540  192  308  2,777  Interest expense  2,3  ..........................................................  Non-recourse borrowings  ...........................................  10,597  16,016  11,432  18,320  56,365  Subsidiary equity obligations  .....................................  152  273  182  563  1,170   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Excludes lease obligations and provisions.

2. Represents the aggregate interest expense expected to be paid over the term of the obligations.

3. Variable interest rate payments have been calculated based on current rates.

The recourse obligations, those amounts that have recourse to the Corporation, which are due in less than one year totaled $3.5 billion (2021 - $2.9 billion).

In 2014, BPY issued $1.8 billion of exchangeable preferred equity units in three $600 million tranches redeemable in 2021, 2024 and 2026, respectively. The preferred equity units were originally exchangeable into equity units of BPY at  $25.70  per  unit,  at  the  option  of  the  holder,  at  any  time  up  to  and  including  the  maturity  date.  Following  the privatization of BPY ('BPY privatization'), the preferred equity units became exchangeable into cash equal to the value of the consideration that would have been received upon the BPY privatization (a combination of cash, BN shares and New LP Preferred Units), based on the value of that consideration on the date of exchange. BPY also has the option of delivering the actual consideration (a combination of cash, BN shares and New LP Preferred Units). Following the BPY privatization, we have agreed with the holder to grant the company the right to purchase all or any portion of the preferred equity units of the holder at maturity, and to grant the holder the right to sell all or any portion of the preferred equity units of the holder at maturity, in each case at a price equal to the issue price for such preferred equity units plus accrued and unpaid distributions. On December 30, 2021, the company acquired the tranche redeemable in 2021 from the holder and subsequently exchanged such units for Redemption-Exchange Units. The preferred equity units were subsequently cancelled.

Commitments of $2.8 billion (2021 - $3.7 billion) represent various contractual obligations assumed in the normal course of business by our various operating subsidiaries. These included commitments to provide bridge financing and letters of credit and guarantees provided in respect of power sales contracts and reinsurance obligations. These commitments shall be funded through the cash flows of the company's subsidiaries.

The  company  and  its  consolidated  subsidiaries  execute  agreements  that  provide  for  indemnifications  and guarantees to third parties in transactions or dealings such as business dispositions, business acquisitions, sales of assets, provision of services, securitization agreements and underwriting and agency agreements. The company has also agreed to indemnify its directors and certain of its officers and employees. The nature of substantially all of the indemnification undertakings prevents the company from making a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount the company could be required to pay third parties, as in most cases the agreements do not specify a maximum amount, and the amounts are dependent upon the outcome of future contingent events, the nature and likelihood of which cannot be determined at this time. Neither the company nor its consolidated subsidiaries have made significant payments in the past, nor do they expect at this time to make any significant payments under such indemnification agreements in the future.

The company periodically enters into joint venture, consortium or other arrangements that have contingent liquidity rights in favor of the company or its counterparties. These include buy sell arrangements, registration rights and other customary arrangements. These agreements generally have embedded protective terms that mitigate the risk to us. The amount, timing and likelihood of any payments by the company under these arrangements is, in most cases, dependent on either future contingent events or circumstances applicable to the counterparty and therefore cannot be determined at this time.

We  have  also  committed  to  purchase  power  produced  by  certain  of  BEP's  hydroelectric  assets  as  previously described on page 67.

## EXPOSURES TO SELECTED FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

As discussed elsewhere in this MD&amp;A, we utilize various financial instruments in our business to manage risk and make better use of our capital. The fair values of these instruments that are reflected on our balance sheets are disclosed in Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements.

## PART 5

## ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND INTERNAL CONTROLS

## ACCOUNTING POLICIES, ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS

## OVERVIEW

We are a publicly  held  Canadian  corporation  and,  as  such,  we  prepare  our  consolidated  financial  statements  in accordance with IFRS.

We present our consolidated balance sheets on a non-classified basis, meaning that we do not distinguish between current  and  long-term  assets  or  liabilities.  We  believe  this  classification  is  appropriate  given  the  nature  of  our business strategy.

The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to select appropriate accounting policies  and  to  make  judgments  and  estimates  that  affect  the  carrying  amounts  of  assets  and  liabilities  and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual amounts could differ from those estimates.

In making judgments and estimates, management relies on external information and observable conditions, where possible, supplemented by internal analysis, as required. These estimates have been applied in a manner consistent with  the  prior  year  and  there  are  no  known  trends,  commitments,  events  or  uncertainties  that  we  believe  will materially  affect  the  methodology  or  assumptions  utilized  in  this  report.  As  we  update  the  fair  values  of  our investment property portfolios quarterly, with gains reflected in net income, we discuss judgments and estimates relating to the key valuation metrics in Note 11 of the 2022 audited consolidated financial statements and below.

For further reference on accounting policies, including new and revised standards issued by the IASB and judgments and estimates, see our significant accounting policies contained in Note 2 of the 2022 audited consolidated financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

## i. Investment Properties

We  classify  the  majority  of  the  property  assets  within  our  Real  Estate  segment  as  investment  properties.  Our valuations are prepared at the individual property level by internal investment professionals with the appropriate expertise in the respective industry, geography and asset type. These valuations are updated at each balance sheet date with gains or losses recognized in net income.

The majority of underlying cash flows in the models are comprised of contracted leases, many of which are long term, with our office assets within our Core and Transitional and Development portfolios having a combined 87% occupancy  level  and  an  average  8  year  lease  life,  while  our  retail  assets  within  our  Core  and  Transitional  and Development  portfolios  have  a  combined  occupancy  rate  of  95%.  The  models  also  include  property-level assumptions for renewal probabilities, future leasing rates and capital expenditures. These are reviewed as part of the business planning process and external market data is utilized when determining the cash flows associated with lease renewals.

We test the outcome of our process by having a number of our properties externally appraised each year, including appraisals for core office properties, at least on a three-year rotating basis. We compare the results of the external appraisals to our internally prepared values and reconcile significant differences when they arise. In the current year, 80 of our properties were externally appraised, representing a gross property value of $31 billion of assets; external appraisals were within 1% of management's valuations.

The valuations are most sensitive to changes in cash flows, which include assumptions relating to lease renewal probabilities,  downtime,  capital  expenditures,  future  leasing  rates  and  associated  leasing  costs,  discount  rates and  terminal  capitalization  rates.  The  key  valuation  metrics  of  our  real  estate  assets  as  at  December  31,  2022 and December 31, 2021 are summarized below.

| Core  Transitional and  Development  LP Investments  Weighted Average  AS AT DEC. 31  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  Discount rate  ...................................  6.2%  5.9%  7.6%  7.3%  8.4%  9.1%  7.7%  7.7%  Terminal capitalization rate  .........  4.6%  4.6%  5.9%  5.8%  5.7%  5.9%  5.5%  5.5%  Investment horizon (years)  ...........  11  11  10  10  13  13  12  12   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  following  table  presents  the  impact  on  the  fair  value  of  our  consolidated  investment  properties  as  at December 31, 2022 from a 25-basis point change to the relevant unobservable inputs. For properties valued using the discounted cash flow method, the basis point change in valuation metrics relates to a change in discount and terminal capitalization rates. For properties valued using the direct capitalization approach, the basis point change in valuation metrics relates to a change in the overall capitalization rate. These amounts represent the effect on all consolidated investment property assets within our consolidated financial statements on a pre-tax basis, including amounts  attributed  to  non-controlling  interests  in  our  perpetual  affiliates  and  private  fund  investments.  The amounts attributable to shareholders may be significantly less than shown depending on ownership levels in the individual assets.

| AS AT DEC. 31, 2022  (MILLIONS)  Fair Value  Sensitivity  Core  .................................................................................................................................................................  $  19,267  $  1,142  Transitional and Development  .................................................................................................................  25,434  1,100  LP Investments  .............................................................................................................................................  69,501  3,957  Other investment properties  ....................................................................................................................  898  23  Total  ...............................................................................................................................................................  $ 115,100  $  6,222   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ii. Revaluation Method for PP&amp;E

We  revalue  PP&amp;E  within  our  Renewable  Power  and  Transition  segment  using  the  discounted  cash  flow  ('DCF') method and our Infrastructure segment using DCF and the depreciated replacement cost ('DRC') methods. Our Real Estate hospitality assets are valued using the DRC method. PP&amp;E within our Private Equity segment is recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.

Assets  subject  to  the  revaluation  approach  are  revalued  annually  using  a  bottom-up  approach,  starting  at  the operating level with local professionals, and involving multiple levels of review, including by senior management. Changes in fair value are reported through other comprehensive income as revaluation surplus. Underlying cash flows used in DCF models are subject to detailed reviews as part of business planning, with discount rates and other key variable inputs reviewed for reasonability and the models reviewed for mathematical accuracy. Key inputs are frequently  compared  to  third-party  reports  commissioned  by  the  respective  entities  to  assess  reasonability.  In addition, comparable market transactions are analyzed to consider for benchmarking. Additional information about the revaluation methodology and current year results is provided below.

When  determining  the  carrying  value  of  PP&amp;E  using  the  revaluation  method,  the  company  uses  the  following assumptions and estimates: the timing of forecasted revenues; future sales prices and associated expenses; future sales  volumes;  future  regulatory  rates;  maintenance  and  other  capital  expenditures;  discount  rates;  terminal capitalization  rates;  terminal  valuation  dates;  useful  lives;  and  residual  values.  Determination  of  the  fair  value  of PP&amp;E under development includes estimates in respect of the timing and cost to complete the development. This process is further discussed in Part 2 - Review of Consolidated Financial Results.

## Renewable Power and Transition

Perpetual  renewable  power  assets,  such  as  many  of  our  hydroelectric  facilities,  are  revalued  using  20-year discounted cash flow models with a terminal value that is determined, where appropriate, using the Gordon Growth Model. For assets with finite lives, such as wind and solar farms, the cash flow model is based on the estimated remaining service life and the residual asset value is used to represent the terminal value.

Key inputs into the models, which include forward merchant power prices, energy generation estimates, operating and capital expenditures, tax rates, terminal capitalization rates and discount rates are assessed on an asset-byasset basis as part of the bottom-up preparation and review process.

The key inputs that affect cash flow projections are outlined below:

- Pricing forecasts consist of the following inputs:
- Where power purchase agreements are in place, contracted power prices are utilized for the remaining term of these agreements.
- Thereafter,  or  to  the  extent  that  the  underlying  renewable  power  asset  is  not  contracted,  we  estimate merchant pricing based on a mix of external data and our own estimates. Short-term merchant pricing is based  on  four  years  of  externally  sourced  broker  quotes  in  North  America,  regulated  market  operator pricing in Europe, and local market pricing in South America. We ensure to link our short-term pricing by linear extrapolation to our view of long-term power pricing below.
- Long term pricing is  driven  by  the  economics  required  to  support  new  entrants  into  the  various  power markets in which we operate. The year of new entry is viewed as the point when generators must build additional capacity to maintain system reliability and provide an adequate level of reserve generation with the retirement of older coal-fired plants and rising environmental compliance costs in North America and Europe, and overall increasing demand in Colombia and Brazil. Once the year of new entrant is determined, data from industry sources, as well as inputs from our development teams, is used to model the all-in cost of the expected technology mix of new construction, and the resulting market price required to support its development. Our long-term pricing view is anchored to the cost of securing new energy from renewable sources to meet future demand growth by the years 2026 to 2035 in North America, by 2029 in Colombia and by 2026 in Brazil. For the North American businesses, we have estimated our renewable power assets will  contract  at  a  discount  to  new-build  wind,  solar  and  battery  prices  (the  most  likely  source  of  new renewable generation in those regions). In Brazil and Colombia, the estimate of future electricity prices is based on a similar approach as applied in North America using a forecast of the all-in cost of development.
- Energy generation forecasts are based on LTA for which we have significant historical data. LTA for hydroelectric facilities  is  based  on  third-party  engineering  reports  commissioned  during  asset  acquisitions  and  financing activities.  These  studies  are  based  on  statistical  models  supported  by  decades  of  historical  river  flow  data. Similarly, LTA for wind facilities is based on third-party wind resource studies completed prior to construction or acquisition. LTA for solar facilities is based on third-party irradiance level studies at the location of our project sites during construction or acquisition.
- Capital  expenditure  forecasts  rely  on  independent  engineering  reports  commissioned  from  reputable  thirdparty firms during underwriting or financings.

Our discount rates, which are adjusted based on asset level and regional considerations, are compared to implied rates from recent market transitions where possible for reasonability.

Review of our models also includes assessing comparable market transactions. We compare EBITDA multiples and value  per  megawatt  at  the  asset  level  to  recent  market  transactions,  and  on  a  portfolio  basis,  we  compare  the valuation multiples to our most comparable competitors in the market and the resulting book value of our equity after revaluation to our share price in the market. Specifically, we have noted from reviews of market transactions in the U.S. northeast that the multiples paid for the asset indicate that market participants likely share our view on escalating power prices in the region.

In  2022,  the  fair  value  of  the  PP&amp;E  in  our  Renewable  Power  and  Transition  segment  increased  by  $3.9  billion, primarily  attributable  to  higher  power  prices  across  most  markets  and  the  expected  growth  in  demand  for renewable power. Valuations also benefited from our continued cost savings and revenue enhancing initiatives.

The key valuation metrics of our hydroelectric, wind and solar generating facilities at the end of 2022 and 2021 are summarized below:

| North America  Brazil  Colombia  Europe  AS AT DEC. 31  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  Discount rate  Contracted  ..................  4.9 - 5.4%  4.1 - 4.4%  8.2%  7.2%  8.5%  7.9%  4.4%  3.9%  Uncontracted  .............  6.2 - 6.7%  5.4 - 5.6%  9.5%  8.5%  9.7%  9.2%  4.4%  3.9%  Terminal  capitalization rate  1  ...  4.3 - 4.9%  4.8 - 5.1%  n/a  n/a  7.7%  8.0%  n/a  n/a  Investment horizon  .....  2044  2042  2051  2048  2042  2041  2036  2036   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. The terminal capitalization rate applies only to hydroelectric assets in North America and Colombia.

The following table presents the impact on fair value of PP&amp;E in our Renewable Power and Transition segment as at December 31, 2022 from a 25-basis  point  change  in  discount  and  terminal  capitalization  rates,  as  well  as  a 5% change  in  electricity  prices.  These  amounts  represent  the  effect  on  all  consolidated  PP&amp;E  assets  within  the consolidated financial statements of BN on a pre-tax basis, including amounts attributed to non-controlling interests in our listed affiliates and private fund investments. The amounts attributable to shareholders may be significantly less than shown depending on ownership levels in the individual assets.

| AS AT DEC. 31, 2022  (MILLIONS)  Fair Value  Sensitivity  25 bps change in discount and terminal capitalization rates  1  North America  ...........................................................................................................................................  $  37,016  $  2,155  Colombia  .....................................................................................................................................................  8,264  361  Brazil  ............................................................................................................................................................  4,708  112  Europe  .........................................................................................................................................................  3,396  49  5% change in electricity prices  North America  ...........................................................................................................................................  37,016  1,480  Colombia  .....................................................................................................................................................  8,264  444  Brazil  ............................................................................................................................................................  4,708  122  Europe  .........................................................................................................................................................  3,396  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. The terminal capitalization rate applies only to hydroelectric assets in North America and Colombia.

Terminal values are included in the valuation of hydroelectric assets in the U.S. and Canada. For the hydroelectric assets  in  Brazil,  cash  flows  have  been  included  based  on  the  duration  of  the  authorization  or  useful  life  of  a concession asset plus a one-time 30-year renewal term for the majority of the hydroelectric assets. The weightedaverage  remaining  duration  as  at  December  31,  2022,  including  a  one-time  30-year  renewal  for  applicable hydroelectric  assets,  is  35  years  (2021  -  31  years).  Consequently,  there  is  no  terminal  value  attributed  to  the hydroelectric assets in Brazil.

## Energy Contracts

The New York power contract is the only power contract that remains in place between the Corporation and BEP. Under the contract, we are required to purchase power that BEP generates at certain of its New York assets at a fixed price. Based on LTA, we purchase approximately 3,600 GWh of power each year. The fixed price that BN is required  to  pay  BEP  began  gradually  stepping  down  in  2021  by  $3/MWh  a  year.  This  will  continue  until  2025, followed by a $5/MWh reduction in 2026 resulting in an approximate $20/MWh total reduction. The contract expires in 2046.

The  contract  is  valued  annually  based  on  price  curves  as  at  year  end  incorporating  revised  discount  rates  as required. As at December 31, 2022, the contract was valued using weighted-average forward power price estimates of  approximately  $80/MWh in years 1-10 and $165/MWh in years 11-20, using a discount rate of approximately 6.9%.

## Infrastructure

Our  infrastructure  assets,  revalued  using  DCF  models,  are  generally  subject  to  contractual  and  regulatory frameworks that underpin the cash flows. We also include the benefits of development projects for existing in-place assets to the extent that they have been determined to be feasible, typically by external parties, and have received the appropriate approvals. We are unable to include the benefits of development projects within our business that are not considered improvements to existing PP&amp;E.

The  underlying  cash  flow  models  supporting  the  revaluation  process  include  a  number  of  different  inputs  and variables  with  risks  mitigated  through  controls  incorporated  in  the  bottom-up  preparation  and  review  process. Inputs  are  reviewed  for  qualitative  and  quantitative  considerations  and  the  mechanical  accuracy  is  tested  by appropriate finance and investment professionals.

As part of our process, we analyze comparable market transactions and comparable public company multiples that we  can  consider  for  the  purposes  of  benchmarking  our  analysis.  Metrics  such  as  the  implied  current  year  or forward-looking  EBITDA  multiples  are  reviewed  against  market  transactions  and  public  companies  to  assess whether our valuations are appropriate. On an overall segment level, we also assess whether the inputs used in the models are consistent amongst asset classes and geographies, where applicable, or that asset specific differences are supportable considering transactions in a given asset class or market.

We obtain third-party appraisals on the assets that are held through private funds on a three-year rotating basis. These  appraisals  are  not  directly  utilized  in  the  financial  statements,  rather  they  are  used  to  confirm  that management's assumptions in determining fair value are within a reasonable range.

On an aggregate basis, the value of the appraised assets is greater than the book value because a significant portion of our infrastructure operations assets such as public service concessions are classified as intangible assets. These intangible assets are carried at amortized cost, subject to impairment tests, and are amortized over their useful lives.  In  addition,  we  have  contracted  growth  projects  within  our  businesses  that  cannot  be  included  in  IFRS  fair value unless these relate to improvements on existing PP&amp;E.

Within our Infrastructure segment, we reported valuation gains of $406 million in 2022. The gain was primarily due to revaluation gains reflecting growing cash flows and strong underlying performance at a number of businesses.

The key valuation metrics of our utilities, transport and midstream operations are summarized below:

| Utilities  Transport  Midstream  AS AT DEC. 31  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  Discount rate  ..........................................  7% - 11%  7% - 11%  8% - 14%  7% - 14%  15%  15%  Terminal capitalization multiples  ......  18x  20x  9x - 15x  9x - 15x  10x  10x  Investment horizon (years)  .................  10 - 20  10 - 20  10  10  5 - 10  5 - 10   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Real Estate

Fair  values  of  our  hospitality  properties,  primarily  hotel  and  resort  operations,  are  assessed  annually  using the depreciated replacement cost method, which factors in age, physical condition and construction costs of the properties. Fair values of hospitality properties are also reviewed in reference to each asset's enterprise value which is determined using a discounted cash flow model. These valuations are generally prepared by external valuation professionals using information provided by management of the operating business. The fair value estimates for hospitality properties represent the estimated fair value of the PP&amp;E of the hospitality business only and do not include, for example, any associated intangible assets.

Revaluation of our PP&amp;E in our Real Estate segment increased the fair value of our hospitality assets by $1.0 billion. The  gain  was  due  to  improved  cash  flows  to  reflect  higher  occupancy  at  our  hospitality  assets,  as  a  result  of continued recovery as mandated closures and restrictions are lifted and demand for leisure travel has increased.

## i. Financial Instruments

Financial assets, financial contracts and other contractual arrangements that are treated as derivatives are recorded at  fair  value  in  our  financial  statements  and  changes  in  their  value  are  recorded  in  net  income  or  other comprehensive income, depending on their nature and business purpose. The more significant and more common financial  contracts  and  contractual  arrangements employed in our business that are fair valued include: interest rate contracts, foreign exchange contracts and agreements for the sale of electricity. Financial assets and liabilities may be classified as Level 1, 2 or 3 in the fair value hierarchy. Refer to Note 6 Fair Value of Financial Instruments within the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.

Estimates and assumptions used in determining the fair value of financial instruments are: equity and commodity prices; future interest rates; the credit worthiness of the company relative to its counterparties; the credit risk of the company's  counterparties;  estimated  future  cash  flows;  the  amount  of  the  liability  and  equity  components  of compound financial instruments; discount rates and volatility utilized in option valuations.

## ii. Inventory

The  company  estimates  the  net  realizable  value  of  its  inventory  using  estimates  and  assumptions  about  future selling prices and future development costs.

## iii. Other

Other estimates and assumptions utilized in the preparation of the company's consolidated financial statements are:  the  assessment  or  determination  of  net  recoverable  amount;  oil  and  gas  reserves;  depreciation  and amortization  rates  and  useful  lives;  estimation  of  recoverable  amounts  of  cash-generating  units  for  impairment assessments of goodwill and intangible assets; ability to utilize tax losses and other tax measurements; fair value of assets held as collateral  and  the  percentage  of  completion  for  construction  contracts.  Equity  accounted investments,  which  follow  the  same  accounting  principles  as  our  consolidated  operations,  include  amounts recorded at fair value and amounts recorded at amortized cost or cost, depending on the nature of the underlying assets.

## ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS

Management is required to make critical judgments when applying its accounting policies. The following judgments have the most significant effect on the consolidated financial statements:

## i. Control or Level of Influence

When determining the appropriate basis of accounting for the company's investees, the company makes judgments about  the  degree  of  influence  that  it  exerts  directly  or  through  an  arrangement  over  the  investees'  relevant activities. This may include the ability to elect investee directors or appoint management. Control is obtained when the company has the power to direct the relevant investing, financing and operating decisions of an entity and does so in its capacity as principal of the operations, rather than as an agent for other investors. Operating as a principal

includes having sufficient capital at risk in any investee and exposure to the variability of the returns generated as a result of the decisions of the company as principal. Judgment is used in determining the sufficiency of the capital at risk  or  variability  of  returns.  In  making  these  judgments,  the  company  considers  the  ability  of  other  investors  to remove the  company  as  a  manager  or  general  partner  in  a  controlled  partnership.  Refer  to  Part  2  -  Review  of Consolidated Financial Results for additional information.

## ii. Investment Properties

When  applying  the  company's  accounting  policy  for  investment  properties,  judgment  is  applied  in  determining whether certain costs are additions to the carrying amount of the property and, for properties under development, identifying the point at which practical completion of the property occurs and identifying the directly attributable borrowing costs to be included in the carrying value of the development property.

## iii. Property, Plant and Equipment

The company's accounting policy for its PP&amp;E requires critical judgments over the assessment of carrying value, whether certain costs are additions to the carrying amount of the PP&amp;E as opposed to repairs and maintenance, and  for  assets  under  development  the  identification  of  when  the  asset  is  capable  of  being  used  as  intended and identifying the directly attributable borrowing costs to be included in the asset's carrying value.

For assets that are measured using the revaluation method, judgment is required when estimating future prices, volumes,  discount  and  capitalization  rates.  Judgment  is  applied  when  determining  future  electricity  prices considering broker quotes for the years in which there is a liquid market available and, for the subsequent years, our best estimate of electricity prices from renewable sources that would allow new entrants into the market.

## iv. Identifying Performance Obligations for Revenue Recognition

Management is required to identify performance obligations relating to contracts with customers at the inception of each contract. IFRS 15 requires a contract's transaction price to be allocated to each distinct performance obligation when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied. Judgment is used when assessing the pattern of delivery of the product or service to determine if revenue should be recognized at a point in time or over time. For certain service contracts recognized over time, judgment is required to determine if revenue from variable consideration such as incentives,  claims  and  variations  from  contract  modifications  has  met  the  required  probability  threshold  to  be recognized.

Management also uses judgment to determine whether contracts for the sale of products and services have distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately or as a single performance obligation. Goods and services are considered distinct if: (1) a customer can benefit from the good or service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available to the customer; and (2) the entity's promise to transfer the good or service to the customer is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract.

Additional details about revenue recognition policies across our operating segments are included in Note 3 of the consolidated financial statements.

## v. Common Control Transactions

The purchase and sale of businesses or subsidiaries between entities under common control are not specifically addressed  in  IFRS  and  accordingly,  management  uses  judgment  when  determining  a  policy  to  account  for  such transactions  taking  into  consideration  other  guidance  in  the  IFRS  framework  and  pronouncements  of  other standard-setting bodies. The company's policy is to record assets and liabilities recognized as a result of transfers of businesses  or  subsidiaries  between  entities  under  common  control  at  carrying  value.  Differences  between  the carrying  amount  of  the  consideration  given  or  received  and  the  carrying  amount  of  the  assets  and  liabilities transferred are recorded directly in equity.

## vi. Indicators of Impairment

Judgment is applied when determining whether indicators of impairment exist when assessing the carrying values of  the  company's  assets,  including:  the  determination  of  the  company's  ability  to  hold  financial  assets;  the estimation  of  a  cash-generating  unit's  future  revenues  and  direct  costs;  the  determination  of  discount  and capitalization rates; and when an asset's carrying value is above the value derived using publicly traded prices which are quoted in a liquid market.

## vii. Income Taxes

The company makes judgments when determining the future tax rates applicable to subsidiaries and identifying the temporary differences that relate to each subsidiary. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply during the period when the assets are realized or the liabilities settled, using the  tax  rates  and  laws  enacted  or  substantively  enacted  at  the  consolidated  balance  sheet  dates.  The  company measures  deferred  income  taxes  associated  with  its  investment  properties  based  on  its  specific  intention  with respect  to  each  asset  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period.  Where  the  company  has  a  specific  intention  to  sell  a property in the foreseeable future, deferred taxes on the building portion of an investment property are measured based on the tax consequences that would follow the disposition of the property. Otherwise, deferred taxes are measured on the basis that the carrying value of the investment property will be recovered substantially through use.

## viii. Classification of Non-Controlling Interests in Limited-Life Funds

Non-controlling interests in limited-life funds are classified as liabilities (subsidiary equity obligations) or equity (noncontrolling interests) depending on whether an obligation exists to distribute residual net assets to non-controlling interests  on  liquidation  in  the  form  of  cash  or  another  financial  asset  or  assets  delivered  in  kind.  Judgment  is required to determine what the governing documents of each entity require or permit in this regard.

## ix. Other

Other critical judgments include the determination of effectiveness of financial hedges for accounting purposes, the likelihood and timing of anticipated transactions for hedge accounting and the determination of functional currency.

## CONSOLIDATION UNDER IFRS

As a Canadian domiciled public corporation, we report under IFRS, while other issuers that may be considered peers report  under  U.S.  GAAP.  These  GAAPs  are  aligned  in  many  areas,  but  as  it  relates  to  asset  management  and investment companies, there is a significant difference between IFRS and U.S. GAAP. Under IFRS, while investment companies can account for their investments at fair value and report them on one line in their balance sheet on a net basis, a parent of an investment company cannot maintain that accounting and must look to whether it controls the  underlying  investments  individually.  For  issuers  under  U.S.  GAAP,  investment  companies  can  use  the  same treatment as in IFRS but the parent of an investment company would keep the same reporting as the subsidiary investment company. Therefore, the same investment could be fully consolidated under IFRS or shown as one line on a net basis under U.S. GAAP.

IFRS uses a control-based model to determine if consolidation is required. Therefore, we are deemed to control an investment if we: (1) exercise power over the investee; (2) are exposed to variable returns from our involvement with  the  investee;  and  (3)  have  the  ability  to  use  our  power  to  affect  the  amount  of  the  returns.  Due  to  the ownership structure of many of our subsidiaries, we control entities in which we hold only a minority economic interest.  Please  refer  to  Part  2  -  Review  of  Consolidated  Financial  Results  for  additional  information.  Our consolidation conclusions may differ from certain other issuers who report under U.S. GAAP as they are required to evaluate consolidation requirements using a voting interest model or a variable interest model depending on the circumstances.

## MANAGEMENT REPRESENTATIONS AND INTERNAL CONTROLS

## ASSESSMENTS AND CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

Management has evaluated the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting (as defined in  the  applicable  U.S.  and  Canadian  securities  laws)  as  of  December  31,  2022  and  based  on  that  assessment concluded  that,  as  of  December  31,  2022,  our  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  was  effective.  Refer  to Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter or year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

## DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  (as  defined  in  the  applicable  U.S.  and  Canadian  securities  laws)  as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that such disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022.

## RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

In  the  normal  course  of  operations,  we  enter  into  transactions  on  market  terms  with  related  parties,  including consolidated and equity accounted entities, which have been measured at the exchange value and are recognized in the  consolidated  financial  statements,  including,  but  not  limited  to:  manager  or  partnership  agreements;  base management fees, performance fees and incentive distributions; loans, interest and non-interest bearing deposits; power  purchase  and  sale  agreements;  capital  commitments  to  private  funds;  the  acquisition  and  disposition  of assets and businesses; derivative contracts; and the construction and development of assets.

Refer to Note 27 Related Party Transactions in the consolidated financial statements for further details.

## PART 6 BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT AND RISKS

For  purposes  of  Part  6  of  this  Report,  references  to  the  'company',  'we',  'us'  or  'our'  refers  to  Brookfield Corporation, its consolidated subsidiaries (including our asset management business), and Oaktree.

This  section  contains  a  review  of  certain  aspects  of  the  business  environment  and  risks  that  could  materially adversely impact our business, performance, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the value of our  securities.  Additional  risks  and  uncertainties  not  previously  known  to  the  company,  or  that  the  company currently deems immaterial, may also impact our operations and financial results.

## a)     Volatility in the Trading Price of Our Class A Shares

The trading price of our Class A shares is subject to volatility due to market conditions and other factors and cannot be predicted.

Our shareholders may not be able to sell their Class A shares at or above the price at which they purchased such shares  due  to  trading  price  fluctuations  in  the  capital  markets.  The  trading  price  could  fluctuate  significantly  in response to factors both related and unrelated to our operating performance and/or future prospects, including, but not limited to: (i) variations in our operating results and financial condition; (ii) actual or prospective changes in government laws, rules or regulations affecting our businesses; (iii) material announcements by us, our affiliates or our competitors; (iv) the general state of the securities markets; (v) market conditions and events specific to the industries in which we operate; (vi) changes and developments in general economic, political, or social conditions, including as a result of COVID-19 or other pandemics and related economic disruptions; (vii) changes in the values of our investments (including in the market price of our listed affiliates) or changes in the amount of distributions, dividends or interest paid in respect of investments; (viii) differences between our actual financial and operating results  and  those  expected  by  investors  and  analysts;  (ix)  changes  in  analysts'  recommendations  or  earnings projections; (x) changes in the extent of analysts' interest in covering the Corporation and its listed affiliates; (xi) the depth  and  liquidity  of  the  market  for  our  Class  A  shares;  (xii)  dilution  from  the  issuance  of  additional  equity, including  as  a  result  of  exchanges  or  additional  issuances  of  shares  exchangeable  for  Class  A  Shares  such  as exchanges of class A exchangeable limited voting shares of Brookfield Reinsurance; (xiii) investor perception of our businesses and the industries in which we operate; (xiv) investment restrictions; (xv) our dividend policy; (xvi) the departure of key executives; (xvii) sales of Class A shares by senior management or significant shareholders; and (xviii) the materialization of other risks described in this section.

## b)     Reputation

Actions or conduct that have a negative impact on investors' or stakeholders' perception of us could adversely impact our ability to attract and/or retain investor capital and generate fee revenue.

The  growth  of  our  asset  management  business  relies  on  continuous  fundraising  for  various  private  and  public investment  products,  and  retention  of  capital  raised  from  third-party  investors.  We  depend  on  our  business relationships  and  our  global  reputation  for  integrity  and  high-caliber  asset  management  services  to  attract  and retain  investors  and  advisory  clients,  and  to  pursue  investment  opportunities  for  us  and  the  public  and  private entities  managed  by  our  asset  management  business.  Our  business  relationships  and  reputation  could  be negatively impacted by a number of factors including poor performance; actual, potential or perceived conflicts of interest that are not adequately addressed; misconduct or alleged misconduct by employees; rumors or innuendos; or failed or ineffective implementation of new investments or strategies. If we are unable to continue to raise and retain capital from third-party investors, either privately, publicly or both, or otherwise are unable to pursue our investment opportunities, this could materially reduce our revenue and cash flows and adversely affect our financial condition.

Poor  performance  of  any  kind  could  damage  our  reputation  with  current  and  potential  investors  in  managed entities, making it more difficult to raise new capital. Investors may decline to invest in current and future managed

entities and may withdraw their investments from managed entities as a result of poor performance in the entity in which they are invested, and investors in private funds may demand lower fees for new or existing funds, all of which would decrease our revenue.

Our  asset  management  business,  as  a  global  alternative  asset  manager  with  various  lines  of  business  and investment products, some of which have overlapping mandates, may be subject to a number of actual, potential or perceived  conflicts  of  interest.  These  conflicts  may  be  magnified  for  an  asset  manager  that  has  many  different capital sources available to pursue investment opportunities, including investor capital and the Corporation's own capital.  In  addition,  the  senior  management  team  of  the  Corporation  and  its  affiliates  have  their  own  capital invested  in  Class  A  shares,  directly  and  indirectly,  and  may  have  financial  exposures  with  respect  to  their  own investments which could lead to potential conflicts if such investments are similar to those made by the Corporation or on behalf of investors in entities managed by our asset management business.

In addressing these conflicts, we have implemented a variety of policies and procedures; however, there can be no assurances  that  these  will  be  effective  at  mitigating  actual,  potential  or  perceived  conflicts  of  interest  in  all circumstances, or will not reduce the positive synergies that we seek to cultivate across our businesses. It is also possible that actual, potential or perceived conflicts of interest, if not properly addressed, could give rise to investor dissatisfaction, litigation, regulatory enforcement actions or other detrimental outcomes.

Appropriately  dealing  with  conflicts  of  interest  for  an  asset  manager  is  a  priority  and  our  reputation  could  be damaged if we fail, or appear to fail, to deal appropriately with actual, potential or perceived conflicts of interest. Asset manager conflicts are subject to enhanced regulatory scrutiny in the markets in which we operate and in the U.S. in particular. Such regulatory scrutiny can lead to fines, penalties and other negative consequences. Regulatory scrutiny  of,  or  litigation  in  connection  with,  conflicts  of  interest  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our reputation,  business,  financial  condition  or  results  of  operations  in  a  number  of  ways,  including  an  inability  to adequately  capitalize  existing  managed  entities  or  raise  new  managed  entities,  including  private  funds,  and  a reluctance of counterparties to do business with us. For information regarding conflicts of interests between the businesses within our asset management operations that operate on opposite sides of an information barrier, see Item (v) herein.

Our reputation could also be negatively impacted if there is misconduct or alleged misconduct by our personnel, the personnel of our asset management business or those of our listed affiliates or portfolio companies in which we and  managed  entities  invest,  including  historical  misconduct  prior  to  the  investment.  Risks  associated  with misconduct at our portfolio companies is heightened in cases where we do not have legal control or significant influence  over  a  particular  portfolio  company  or  are  not  otherwise  involved  in  actively  managing  a  portfolio company. In such situations, given our ownership position and affiliation with the portfolio company, we may still be negatively  impacted  from  a  reputational  perspective  through  this  association.  In  addition,  even  where  we  have control  over  a  portfolio  company,  if  it  is  a  newly  acquired  portfolio  company  that  we  are  in  the  process  of integrating then we may face reputational risks related to historical or current misconduct or alleged misconduct at such portfolio company for a period of time. We may also face increased risk of misconduct to the extent our capital allocated to emerging markets and distressed companies increases. If we face allegations of improper conduct by private  litigants  or  regulators,  whether  the  allegations  are  valid  or  invalid  or  whether  the  ultimate  outcome  is favorable or unfavorable to us, such allegations may result in negative publicity and press speculation about us, our investment activities or the asset management industry in general, which could harm our reputation and may be more damaging to our business than to other types of businesses.

We are subject to a number of obligations and standards arising from our asset management business and our authority over the assets we manage. The violation of these obligations and standards by any of our employees may adversely  affect  our  partners  and  our  business  and  reputation.  Our  business  often  requires  that  we  deal  with confidential matters of great significance to the companies in which we may invest and to other third parties. If our employees  were  to  improperly  use  or  disclose  confidential  information,  or  a  security  breach  results  in  an inadvertent disclosure of such information, we could suffer serious harm to our reputation, financial position and current  and  future  business  relationships.  It  is  not  always  possible  to  detect  or  deter  employee  misconduct  or security breaches, and the precautions we take in this regard may not be effective.

Implementation of new investment and growth strategies involves a number of risks that could result in losses and harm  to  our  professional  reputation,  including  the  risk  that  the  expected  results  are  not  achieved,  that  new strategies are not appropriately planned for or integrated, that new strategies may conflict with, detract from or compete against our existing businesses, and that the investment process, controls and procedures that we have developed will prove insufficient or inadequate. Furthermore, our strategic initiatives may include joint ventures, in which case we will be subject to additional risks and uncertainties in that we may be dependent upon and subject to liability, losses or reputational damage relating to systems, controls and personnel that are not under our complete control or under the control of another.

In addition to impacting the ability of our asset management business to raise and retain third-party capital and pursue  investment  opportunities,  certain  of  the  risks  identified  herein  that  may  have  a  negative  impact  on  our reputation  also  could,  in  extreme  cases,  result  in  the  removal  of  our  asset  manager  as  general  partner  or  an acceleration of the liquidation date of the private funds that are managed by it. The governing agreements of the private funds provide that, subject to certain conditions (which may, particularly in the case of a removal as general partner, include final legal adjudications of the merits of the particular issue), third-party investors in these funds will have the right to remove the asset manager as the general partner or to accelerate the liquidation date of the fund. Additionally, at any time, investors may terminate a fund and accelerate the liquidation date upon the vote of a super-majority of investors in such fund. A significant negative impact to our reputation would be expected to increase the likelihood that investors could seek to terminate a private fund. This effect would be magnified if, as is often the case, an investor is invested in more than one fund. Such an event, were it to occur, would result in a reduction in the fees earned from such fund, particularly if our asset management business is unable to maximize the value of the fund's investments during the liquidation process or in the event of the triggering of a 'clawback' for fees already paid out to it as general partner.

## c)     Asset Management

Growth in fee-bearing capital could be adversely impacted by poor product development or marketing efforts. In addition, investment returns could be lower than target returns due to inappropriate allocation of capital or ineffective investment management.

Our  asset  management  business  depends  on  its  ability  to  fundraise  third-party  capital,  deploy  that  capital effectively, and produce targeted investment returns.

The ability to raise third-party capital depends on a number of factors, including many that are outside the control of the asset manager, such as the general economic environment and the number of other investment funds being raised at the same time by competitors. Investors may reduce (or even eliminate) their investment allocations to alternative investments, including closed-ended private funds. Investors that are required to maintain specific asset class  allocations  within  their  portfolio  may  be  required  to  reduce  their  investment  allocations  to  alternative investments, particularly during periods when other asset classes such as public securities are decreasing in value. In addition, investors may prefer to insource and make direct investments; therefore, becoming competitors and ceasing to be clients and/or make new capital commitments.

Competition from other asset managers for raising public and private capital is intense, with competition based on a variety of factors, including investment performance, the quality of service provided to investors, the quality and availability  of  investment  products,  marketing  efforts,  investor  liquidity  and  willingness  to  invest,  and  reputation. Poor investment performance could hamper the ability of our asset management business to compete for these sources  of  capital  or  force  it  to  reduce  management  fees.  Existing  investors  and  potential  investors  continually assess investment performance and the ability to raise capital for existing and future funds depends on the relative and absolute performance of funds managed by our asset management business. If poor investment returns or changes in investment mandates prevent our asset manager from raising further capital from existing partners, it may need to identify and attract new investors in order to maintain or increase the size of private funds, and there are no assurances that it will be able to find new investors. Further, as competition and disintermediation in the asset  management  industry  increases,  our  asset  management  business  may  face  pressure  to  reduce  or  modify asset management fees, including base management fees and/or carried interest, or modify other terms governing its current asset management fee structure, in order to attract and retain investors.

The successful execution of our investing strategy is uncertain as it requires suitable opportunities, careful timing and business judgment, as well as the resources to complete asset purchases and restructure them, if required, notwithstanding difficulties experienced in a particular industry.

There is no certainty that we will be able to identify suitable or sufficient opportunities that meet our investment criteria  and  be  able  to  acquire  additional  high-quality  assets  at  attractive  prices  to  supplement  our  growth  in  a timely manner, or at all. In pursuing investment opportunities and returns, we and the entities managed by our asset manager face competition from other investment managers and investors worldwide. Each of our businesses is subject to competition in varying degrees and our competitors may have certain competitive advantages over us when pursuing investment opportunities. Some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances, different risk assessments, lower return thresholds, a lower cost of capital, or a lower effective tax rate (or no tax rate at all), all of which  could  allow  them  to  consider  a  wider  variety  of  investments  and  to  bid  more  aggressively  than  us  for investments. We may lose investment opportunities in the future if we do not match investment prices, structures and  terms  offered  by  our  competitors,  some  of  whom  may  have  synergistic  businesses  which  allow  them  to consider bidding a higher price than we can reasonably offer. While we attempt to deal with competitive pressures by leveraging our asset management strengths and operating capabilities and compete on more than just price, there  is  no  guarantee  these  measures  will  be  successful,  and  we  may  have  difficulty  competing  for  investment opportunities, particularly those offered through auction or other competitive processes. If our asset management business is unable to successfully raise, retain, and deploy third-party capital into investments, it may be unable to collect management fees, carried interest or transaction fees, which would materially reduce our revenue and cash flows and adversely affect our financial condition.

Our approach to investing often entails adding assets to our existing businesses when the competition for assets is weakest;  typically,  when  depressed  economic  conditions  exist  in  the  market  relating  to  a  particular  entity  or industry.  Such  an  investing  style  carries  with  it  inherent  risks  when  investments  are  made  in  either  markets  or industries  that  are  undergoing  some  form  of  dislocation.  We  may  fail  to  value  opportunities  accurately  or  to consider all relevant factors that may be necessary or helpful in evaluating an opportunity, may underestimate the costs  necessary  to  bring  an  acquisition  up  to  standards  established  for  its  intended  market  position,  may  be exposed  to  unexpected  risks  and  costs  associated  with  our  investments,  including  risks  arising  from  alternative technologies that could impair or eliminate the competitive advantage of our business in a particular industry, and/ or  may  be  unable  to  quickly  and  effectively  integrate  new  acquisitions  into  existing  operations  or  exit  from  the investment on favorable terms. In addition, liabilities may exist that we or managed entities do not discover in due diligence prior to the consummation of an acquisition, or circumstances may exist with respect to the entities or assets acquired that could lead to future liabilities and, in each case, we or the managed entities may not be entitled to sufficient, or any, recourse against the contractual counterparties to an acquisition.

The credit strategies of our asset management business, the majority of which are managed through Oaktree, offer a broad diverse range of long-term fund and perpetual strategies to investors. Similar to other long-term private funds, our asset manager earns base management fees and carried interest on Oaktree's fund capital in its credit strategies. Cyclicality is important to credit strategies and weak economic environments have tended to afford the best  investment  opportunities  and  best  relative  investment  performance  to  such  strategies.  Any  prolonged economic expansion or recession could have an adverse impact on certain credit strategies and materially affect the ability to deliver superior investment returns for clients or generate incentive or other income in respect of those strategies.

We generally pursue investment opportunities that involve business, regulatory, legal and other complexities. Our tolerance for complexity presents risks, as such transactions can be more difficult, expensive and time consuming to finance and execute, and have a higher risk of execution failure. It can also be more difficult to manage or realize value  from  the  assets  acquired  in  such  transactions  and  such  transactions  sometimes  entail  a  higher  level  of regulatory scrutiny or a greater risk of contingent liabilities.

At times, our asset manager makes investments (for one or more of funds or managed entities) in companies that we do not control. These investments are subject to the risk that the company in which the investment is made may

make business, financial or management decisions with which we do not agree or that the majority stakeholders or the management of the company may take risks or otherwise act in a manner that does not serve our interests.

Certain investments may be concentrated in particular asset types or geographic regions, which could exacerbate any negative performance of one or more managed entities to the extent those concentrated investments are in assets or regions that experience market dislocation. In addition, certain funds hold publicly traded securities the price of which will be volatile and are likely to fluctuate due to a number of factors beyond our asset manager's control,  including  actual  or  anticipated  changes  in  the  profitability  of  the  issuers  of  such  securities;  general economic,  social,  or  political  developments;  changes  in  industry  conditions;  changes  in  governance  regulation; inflation; the general state of the securities markets; and other material events.

The failure of a newly acquired business to perform according to expectations could have a material adverse effect on our assets, liabilities, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Alternatively, we may be required to sell a business before it has realized our expected level of returns for such business.

If  any  of  the  investments  managed  by  our  asset  manager  perform  poorly  or  experience  prolonged  periods  of volatility,  or  if  the  capital  is  not  deployed  effectively,  its  fee-based  revenue,  cash  available  for  distribution  and/or carried  interest  would  decline,  negatively  impacting  our  earnings.  Moreover,  we  could  experience  losses  on  our capital invested in funds managed by our asset manager. Accordingly, our expected returns on these investments may be less than we have assumed in forecasting the value of our business.

## d)     Laws, Rules and Regulations

We are subject to numerous laws, rules, and regulatory requirements which may impact our business, including resulting in financial penalties, loss of business, and/or damage to our reputation in instances of non-compliance.

There are many laws, governmental rules and regulations and listing exchange rules that apply to us, our affiliates, our  assets  and  our  businesses.  Changes  in  these  laws,  rules  and  regulations,  or  their  interpretation  by governmental  agencies  or  the  courts,  could  adversely  affect  our  business,  assets  or  prospects,  or  those  of  our affiliates, customers, clients or partners. The failure of the company, our listed affiliates, or entities managed by our asset management company to comply with these laws, rules and regulations, or with the rules and registration requirements  of  the  respective  stock  exchanges  on  which  we  and  they  are  listed,  could  adversely  affect  our reputation and financial condition.

Our  asset  management  business,  including  our  investment  advisory  and  broker-dealer  business,  is  subject  to substantial and increasing regulatory compliance obligations and oversight, and this higher level of scrutiny may lead to more regulatory enforcement actions. There continues to be uncertainty regarding the appropriate level of regulation and oversight of asset management businesses in a number of jurisdictions in which we operate. The financial services industry has been the subject of heightened scrutiny, and the SEC has specifically focused on asset managers in recent enforcement actions. Regulatory investigations and/or enforcement actions by regulators could have a material adverse effect on our business and/or reputation. In addition, the introduction of new legislation and increased regulation may result in increased compliance costs and could materially affect the manner in which we  conduct  our  business  and  adversely  affect  our  profitability.  Although  there  may  be  some  areas  where governments in certain jurisdictions propose deregulation, it is difficult to predict the timing and impact of any such deregulation, and we may not materially benefit from any such changes.

Our asset management business is not only regulated in the U.S., but also in other jurisdictions where we conduct operations  including  the  E.U.,  the  U.K.,  Canada,  Brazil,  Australia,  India,  South  Korea  and  China.  Similar  to  the environment in the U.S., the current environment in jurisdictions outside the U.S. in which we operate has become subject to further regulation. Governmental agencies around the world have proposed or implemented a number of initiatives  and  additional  rules  and  regulations  that  could  adversely  affect  our  asset  management  business,  and governmental  agencies  may  propose  or  implement  further  rules  and  regulations  in  the  future.  These  rules  and regulations  may  impact  how  managed  entities  are  marketed  in  these  jurisdictions  and  introduce  compliance obligations  with  respect  to  disclosure  and  transparency,  as  well  as  restrictions  on  investor  participation  and distributions. Such regulations may also prescribe certain capital requirements on managed entities, and conditions on the leverage managed entities may employ and the liquidity these managed entities must have. Compliance with

additional regulatory requirements will impose additional restrictions and expenses for us and could reduce our operating flexibility and fundraising opportunities.

Our broker-dealer business is regulated by the SEC, the various Canadian provincial securities commissions, as well as self-regulatory organizations, including the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority in the U.S. These regulatory bodies  may  conduct  administrative  or  enforcement  proceedings  that  can  result  in  censure,  fine,  suspension  or expulsion  of  a  broker-dealer,  its  directors,  officers  or  employees.  Such  proceedings,  whether  or  not  resulting  in adverse  findings,  can  require  substantial  expenditures  and  can  have  an  adverse  impact  on  the  reputation  of  a broker dealer.

The advisors of certain managed entities are registered as investment advisers with the SEC. Registered investment advisers are subject to the requirements and regulations of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, which grants U.S. supervisory  agencies  broad  administrative  powers,  including  the  power  to  limit  or  restrict  the  carrying  on  of business for failure to comply with laws or regulations. If such powers are exercised, the possible sanctions that may  be  imposed  include  the  suspension  of  individual  employees,  limitations  on  the  activities  in  which  the investment  adviser  may  engage,  suspension  or  revocation  of  the  investment  adviser's  registration,  censure  and fines. Compliance with these requirements and regulations results in the expenditure of resources, and a failure to comply could result in investigations, financial or other sanctions, and reputational damage.

The  Investment  Company  Act  of  1940  (the  '40  Act')  and  the  rules  promulgated  thereunder  provide  certain protections to investors and impose certain restrictions on entities that are deemed 'investment companies' under the 40 Act. We are not currently, nor do we intend to become, an investment company under the 40 Act. To ensure that we are not deemed to be an investment company, we may be required to materially restrict or limit the scope of  our  operations  or  plans  and  the  types  of  acquisitions  that  we  may  make,  and  we  may  need  to  modify  our organizational structure or dispose of assets that we would not otherwise dispose of. If we were required to register as an investment company, we would face severe limitations on the operation of our business.  Among other things, we would be prohibited from engaging in certain business activities (or have conditions placed on our business activities),  face  restrictions  on  engaging  in  transactions  with  affiliated  entities  and  issuing  certain  securities  or engaging in certain types of financings, be restricted with respect to the amount and types of borrowings we are permitted  to  obtain,  be  required  to  limit  the  amount  of  investments  that  we  make  as  principal,  and  face  other limitations on our activities.

Our  asset  management  business  has  and  may  become  subject  to  additional  regulatory  and  compliance requirements as it expands its product offerings and investment platform which likely will carry additional legal and compliance costs, as well as additional operating requirements that may also increase costs.

We acquire  and  develop  primarily  real  estate,  renewable  power,  infrastructure,  business  services  and  industrial assets.  In  doing  so,  we  must  comply  with  extensive  and  complex  municipal,  state  or  provincial,  national  and international  laws  and  regulations.  These  laws  and  regulations  can  result  in  uncertainty  and  delays,  and  impose additional costs, which may adversely affect our results of operations. Changes in these laws and regulations may negatively impact us and our businesses or may benefit our competitors and their businesses.

Additionally, liability under such laws, rules and regulations may occur without our fault. In certain cases, parties can pursue legal actions against us to enforce compliance as well as seek damages for non-compliance or for personal injury or property damage. Our insurance may not provide sufficient coverage in the event that a successful claim is made against us.

## e)     Governmental Investigations and Anti-Bribery and Corruption

Our policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws, including anti-bribery and corruption laws, may not be effective in all instances to prevent violations and as a result we may be subject to related governmental investigations.

We are from time to time subject to various governmental investigations, audits and inquiries,  both  formal  and informal.  These  investigations,  regardless  of  their  outcome,  can  be  costly,  divert  management  attention  and damage our reputation. The unfavorable resolution  of  such  investigations  could  result  in  criminal  liability,  fines,

penalties  or  other  monetary  or  non-monetary  sanctions  and  could  materially  affect  our  business  or  results  of operations.

There is a continued global focus on the enforcement of anti-bribery and corruption legislation, and this focus has heightened the risks that we face in this area, particularly as we continue to expand our operations globally. We are subject to a number of laws and regulations governing payments and contributions to public officials or other third parties,  including  restrictions  imposed  by  the  U.S.  Foreign  Corrupt  Practices  Act  and  similar  laws  in  non-U.S. jurisdictions, such as the U.K. Bribery Act, the Canadian Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act and the Brazilian Clean  Company  Act.  This  global  focus  on  anti-bribery  and  corruption  enforcement  may  also  lead  to  more investigations, both formal and informal, in this area, the results of which cannot be predicted.

Different laws and regulations that are applicable to us may contain conflicting provisions, making our compliance more difficult.  If  we  fail  to  comply  with  such  laws  and  regulations,  we  could  be  exposed  to  claims  for  damages, financial  penalties,  reputational  harm,  incarceration  of  our  employees,  restrictions  on  our  operations  and  other liabilities, which could negatively affect our operating results and financial condition. In addition, we may be subject to successor liability for violations under these laws and regulations or other acts of bribery committed by entities in which we or managed entities invest.

Instances of bribery, fraud, accounting irregularities and other improper, illegal or corrupt practices can be difficult to  detect,  in  particular  when  conducting  due  diligence  in  connection  with  acquisitions,  and  fraud  and  other deceptive practices can be widespread in certain jurisdictions. We invest in emerging market countries that may not have established stringent anti-bribery and corruption laws and regulations, where existing laws and regulations may not be consistently enforced, or that are perceived to have materially higher levels of corruption according to international rating standards. Due diligence on investment opportunities in these jurisdictions is frequently more challenging because consistent and uniform commercial practices in such locations may not have developed or do not meet international standards. Bribery, fraud, accounting irregularities and corrupt practices can be especially difficult  to  detect  in  such  locations.  When  acquiring  assets  in  distress,  the  quality  of  financial  information  of  the target may also make it difficult to identify irregularities.

## f)      Financial Obligations and Liquidity

Cash must be available to meet our financial obligations when due and enable us to capitalize on investment opportunities when they arise.

We employ debt and other forms of leverage in the ordinary course of business to enhance returns to our investors and finance our operations. We are therefore subject to the risks associated with debt financing and refinancing, including  but  not  limited  to  the  following:  (i)  our  cash  flow  may  be  insufficient  to  meet  required  payments  of principal  and  interest;  (ii)  payments  of  principal  and  interest  on  borrowings  may  leave  us  with  insufficient  cash resources to pay operating expenses and dividends; (iii) if we are unable to obtain committed debt financing for potential acquisitions or can only obtain debt at high interest rates or on other unfavorable terms, we may have difficulty completing acquisitions or may generate profits that are lower than would otherwise be the case; (iv) we may not be able to refinance indebtedness at maturity due to company and market factors such as the estimated cash  flow  produced  by  our  assets,  the  value  of  our  assets,  liquidity  in  the  debt  markets,  and/or  financial, competitive,  business  and  other  factors;  and  (v)  if  we  are  able  to  refinance  our  indebtedness,  the  terms  of  a refinancing may not be as favorable as the original terms for such indebtedness. If we are unable to refinance our indebtedness  on  acceptable  terms,  or  at  all,  we  may  need  to  utilize  available  liquidity,  which  would  reduce  our ability  to  pursue  new  investment  opportunities,  or  we  may  need  to  dispose  of  one  or  more  of  our  assets  on disadvantageous terms, or raise equity, thereby causing dilution to existing shareholders. Regulatory changes may also result in higher borrowing costs and reduced access to credit.

The terms of our various credit agreements and other financing documents require us to comply with a number of customary financial and other covenants, such as maintaining debt service coverage and leverage ratios, adequate insurance coverage and certain credit ratings. These covenants may limit our flexibility in conducting our operations and  breaches  of  these  covenants  could  result  in  defaults  under  the  instruments  governing  the  applicable indebtedness, even if we have satisfied and continue to satisfy our payment obligations.

A large proportion of our capital is invested in physical assets and securities that can be hard to sell, especially if market  conditions  are  poor.  Further,  because  our  investment  strategy  can  entail  our  having  representation  on public portfolio company boards, we may be restricted in our ability to effect sales during certain time periods. A lack of liquidity could limit our ability to vary our portfolio or assets promptly in response to changing economic or investment conditions. Additionally, if financial or operating difficulties of other owners result in distress sales, such sales could depress asset values in the markets in which we operate. The restrictions inherent in owning physical assets  could  reduce  our  ability  to  respond  to  changes  in  market  conditions  and  could  adversely  affect  the performance of our investments, our financial condition and results of operations.

Because there is significant uncertainty in the valuation of, or in the stability of the value of illiquid or non-public investments, the fair values of such investments do not necessarily reflect the prices that would actually be obtained when such investments are realized. Realizations at values significantly lower than the values at which investments have been recorded would result in losses, a decline in asset management fees and the potential loss of carried interest and incentive fees.

We  enter  into  financing  commitments  in  the  normal  course  of  business,  which  we  may  be  required  to  fund. Additionally, from time to time, we may guarantee the obligations of entities managed by our asset management business or that we invest in. If we are required to fund these commitments and are unable to do so, this could result  in  damages  being  pursued  against  us  or  a  loss  of  opportunity  through  default  under  contracts  that  are otherwise to our benefit.

## g)     Foreign Exchange and Other Financial Exposures

## Foreign exchange rate fluctuations could adversely impact our aggregate foreign currency exposure and hedging strategies may not be effective.

We have pursued and intend to continue to pursue growth opportunities in international markets, and often invest in countries where the U.S. dollar is not the local currency. As a result, we are subject to foreign currency risk due to potential fluctuations in exchange rates between foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar. A significant depreciation in the  value  of  the  currency  utilized  in  one  or  more  countries  where  we  have  a  significant  presence  may  have  a material adverse effect on the results of our operations and financial position. In addition, we are active in certain markets where economic growth is dependent on the price of commodities and the currencies in these markets can be more volatile as a result.

Our businesses are impacted by changes in currency rates, interest rates, commodity prices and other financial exposures. We selectively utilize financial instruments to manage these exposures, including credit default swaps and other derivatives to hedge certain of our financial positions. However, a significant portion of these risks may remain unhedged. We may also choose to establish unhedged positions in the ordinary course of business.

There  is  no  assurance  that  hedging  strategies,  to  the  extent  they  are  used,  will  fully  mitigate  the  risks  they  are intended to offset. Additionally, derivatives that we use are also subject to their own unique set of risks, including counterparty risk with respect to the financial well-being of the party on the other side of these transactions and a potential  requirement  to  fund  mark-to-market  adjustments.  Our  financial  risk  management  policies  may  not ultimately be effective at managing these risks.

The Dodd-Frank Act and similar laws in other jurisdictions impose rules and regulations governing oversight of the over-the-counter  derivatives  market  and  its  participants.  These  regulations  may  impose  additional  costs  and regulatory scrutiny on us. If our derivative transactions are required to be executed through exchanges or regulated facilities, we will face incremental collateral requirements in the form of initial margin and require variation margin to be cash settled on a daily basis. Such an increase in margin requirements (relative to bilateral agreements) or a more restricted list of securities that qualify as eligible collateral, would require us to hold larger positions in cash and treasuries, which could reduce income. We cannot predict the effect of changing derivatives legislation on our hedging costs, our hedging strategy or its implementation, or the risks that we hedge. Regulation of derivatives may increase the cost of derivative contracts, reduce the availability of derivatives to protect against operational risk and reduce  the  liquidity  of  the  derivatives  market,  all  of  which  may  reduce  our  use  of  derivatives  and  result  in  the increased volatility and decreased predictability of our cash flows.

## h)     Temporary Investments and Backstop Commitments

We  may  be  unable  to  syndicate,  assign  or  transfer  financial  commitments  entered  into  in  support  of  our  asset management business.

We periodically  enter  into  agreements  that  commit  us  to  acquire  or  stand  in  place  of  another  entity  to  acquire assets or securities in order to support our asset management franchise with the expectation that our commitment is temporary. For example, we may acquire an asset suitable for a particular managed entity that is fundraising and warehouse that asset through the fundraising period before transferring the asset to the managed entity for which it  was  intended. As another example, we may commit capital for a particular acquisition transaction as part of a consortium  alongside  certain  of  managed  entities  with  the  expectation  that  we  will  syndicate  or  assign  all  or  a portion of our own commitment to other investors prior to, at the same time as, or subsequent to, the anticipated closing of the transaction. In all of these cases, our support is intended to be of a temporary nature and we engage in this activity in order to further the growth and development of our asset management business. By leveraging the Corporation's financial  position  to  make  temporary  investments  and  backstop  commitments, we can execute on investment opportunities prior to obtaining all third-party equity financing that we seek, and these opportunities may otherwise not be available without the Corporation's initial equity participation.

While it is often our intention in these arrangements that the Corporation's direct participation be of a temporary nature, we may be unable to syndicate, assign or transfer our interest or commitment as we intended and therefore may be required to take or keep ownership of assets or securities for an extended period. This would increase the amount of our own capital deployed to certain assets and could have an adverse impact on our liquidity, which may alter  our  asset  concentration  outside  of  our  desired  parameters,  may  reduce  our  ability  to  pursue  further acquisitions, or negatively impact our ability to meet other financial commitments.

## i)      Interest Rates

## Rising interest rates could increase our interest costs and adversely affect our financial performance.

A number of our long-life assets are interest rate sensitive. Increases in interest rates will, other things being equal, decrease the value of an asset by reducing the present value of the cash flows expected to be produced by such asset. As the value of an asset declines as a result of interest rate increases, certain financial and other covenants under credit agreements governing such asset could be breached, even if we have satisfied and continue to satisfy our  payment  obligations  thereunder.  Such  a  breach  could  result  in  negative  consequences  on  our  financial performance and results of operations.

Additionally, any of our debt or preferred shares that are subject to variable interest rates, either as an obligation with a variable interest rate or as an obligation with a fixed interest rate that resets into a variable interest rate in the future, are subject to interest rate risk. Further, the value of any debt or preferred share that is subject to a fixed interest  rate  will  be  determined  based  on  the  prevailing  interest  rates  and,  accordingly,  this  type  of  debt  or preferred share is also subject to interest rate risk.

Although interest rates have remained at relatively low levels on a historical basis, in many jurisdictions in which we operate, a period of sharply rising interest rates may cause certain market dislocations that could negatively impact our financial performance, increase the cost and availability of debt financing and thereby negatively impact the ability of our businesses to obtain attractive financing or refinancing and could increase the cost of such financing if obtained.  Interest  rate  increases  also  increase  the  amount  of  cash  required  to  service  our  obligations  and  our earnings could be adversely impacted as a result.

The Financial Conduct Authority (the 'FCA') in the United Kingdom ceased compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR in 2021. In response, the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York organized  the  Alternative  Reference  Rates  Committee  which  identified  the  Secured  Overnight  Financing  Rate ('SOFR') as its preferred alternative to USD-LIBOR in derivatives and other financial contracts. In November 2020, the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, the benchmark administrator for USD LIBOR rates, proposed extending the publication of certain commonly-used USD LIBOR settings until June 30, 2023 and the FCA issued a statement supporting such proposal. It is not possible to predict the effect of these changes, including when LIBOR will cease to be available or when there will be sufficient liquidity in the SOFR markets.

We have outstanding debt and derivatives with variable rates that are indexed to LIBOR. The discontinuance of, or changes  to,  benchmark  interest  rates  may  require  adjustments  to  agreements  to  which  we  and  other  market participants are parties, as well as to related systems and processes. In the transition from the use of LIBOR to SOFR or other alternatives, uncertainty exists as to the extent and manner of which future changes may result in interest rates and/or payments that are higher than or lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the interest rates and/or payments that would have been made on our obligations if LIBOR was available in its current form. Use of alternative interest rates or other LIBOR reforms could result in increased volatility or a tightening of credit markets which could adversely affect our ability to obtain cost-effective financing. In addition, the transition of our  existing  LIBOR  financing  agreements  to  alternative  benchmarks  may  result  in  unanticipated  changes  to  the overall interest rate paid on our liabilities.

## j)      Human Capital

Ineffective  maintenance  of  our  culture,  or  ineffective  management  of  human  capital  could  adversely  impact  our  asset management business and financial performance.

Our  ability  to  compete  effectively  in  our  businesses  will  depend  upon  our  ability  to  attract  new  employees  and retain and motivate our existing employees, across our and our affiliates' businesses. The senior management team across  our  businesses  has  a  significant  role  in  our  success  and  oversees  the  execution  of  our  business  and investment  strategies.  If  we  are  unable  to  attract  and  retain  qualified  employees  this  could  limit  our  ability  to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our ability to retain and motivate our management team, attract suitable replacements should any members of our management team leave, or attract new investment professionals as our business grows, is dependent on, among other things, the competitive nature of the employment market and the career opportunities and compensation that we can offer. In all of our markets, we face intense competition in connection with the attraction and retention of qualified employees.

We may experience  departures  of  key  professionals  in  the  future.  We  cannot  predict  the  impact  that  any  such departures will have on our ability to achieve our objectives. Our senior management team possesses substantial experience  and  expertise  and  has  strong  business  relationships  with  investors  in  managed  entities  and  other members of the business communities and industries in which we operate. As a result, the loss of these personnel could  jeopardize  our  relationships  with  investors  in  managed  entities  and  other  members  of  the  business communities  and  industries  in  which  we  operate  and  result  in  the  reduction  of  our  AUM  or  fewer  investment opportunities.  Accordingly,  the  loss  of  services  from  key  professionals  or  a  limitation  in  their  availability  could adversely impact our financial condition and cash flow. Furthermore, such a loss could be negatively perceived in the capital markets.

Additionally, the departure of certain individuals could trigger certain 'key person' provisions in the documentation governing certain of the private funds managed by our asset manager, which would permit the limited partners of those funds to suspend or terminate the funds' investment periods or withdraw their capital prior to the expiration of  the  applicable  lock-up  date.  Key  person  provisions  vary  by  both  strategy  and  fund  and,  with  respect  to  each strategy and fund, are typically tied to multiple individuals, meaning that it would require the departure of more than one individual to trigger the key person provisions. Our human capital risks may be exacerbated by the fact that we do not maintain any key person insurance.

The conduct of our businesses and the execution of our strategy rely heavily on the synergies across our businesses and teamwork. Our continued ability to respond promptly to opportunities and challenges as they arise depends on co-operation and co-ordination across our organization and our team-oriented management structure, which may not materialize in the way we expect.

A  portion  of  the  workforce  in  some  of  our  businesses  is  unionized.  If  we  are  unable  to  negotiate  acceptable collective bargaining agreements with any of our unions as existing agreements expire we could experience a work stoppage, which could result in a significant disruption to the affected operations, higher ongoing labor costs and

restrictions on our ability to maximize the efficiency of our operations, all of which could have an adverse effect on our financial results.

## k)     Geopolitical

## Political instability, changes in government policy, or unfamiliar cultural factors could adversely impact the value of our investments.

We  are  subject  to  geopolitical  uncertainties  in  all  jurisdictions  in  which  we  operate.  We  make  investments  in businesses that are based outside of North America and we may pursue investments in unfamiliar markets, which may expose us to additional risks not typically associated with investing in North America. We may not properly adjust  to  the  local  culture  and  business  practices  in  such  markets,  and  there  is  the  prospect  that  we  may  hire personnel  or  partner  with  local  persons  who  might  not  comply  with  our  culture  and  ethical  business  practices; either scenario could result in the failure of our initiatives in new or existing markets and lead to financial losses for us and managed entities. There are risks of political instability in several of our major markets and in other parts of the world in which we conduct business from factors such as political conflict, income inequality, refugee migration, terrorism, the potential break-up of political-economic unions and political corruption; the materialization of one or more of these risks could negatively affect our financial performance.

For example, recent military tensions and conflict in Eastern Europe could contribute to global economic uncertainty and  could  significantly  disrupt  the  free  movement  of  goods,  services  and  people,  have  a  destabilizing  effect  on energy markets and result in potential higher costs of conducting business in Europe. Similarly, an inability of local and  national  governments  to  effectively  manage  ongoing  political  disputes  could  result  in  local,  regional  and/or global instability. The materialization of one or more of these risks could negatively affect our financial performance and adversely impact our business.

The transition period following the U.K.'s formal departure from the E.U. ended on December 31, 2020, and E.U. law no longer applies in the U.K. There remains uncertainty related to the relationship between the U.K. and the E.U. following the U.K.'s formal departure from the E.U. ('Brexit') and it is difficult to predict what the future economic, tax,  fiscal,  legal,  regulatory  and  other  implications  of  Brexit  will  be  for  the  asset  management  industry  and  the broader European and global financial  markets  generally.  While  we  have  not  experienced  any  material  financial impact  from  Brexit  on  our  business  to  date,  future  impacts  could  include  increased  legal  and  regulatory complexities,  as  well  as  potentially  higher  costs  of  conducting  business  in  Europe,  which  could  have  an  adverse effect on our business.

Any existing or new operations may be subject to significant political, economic and financial risks, which vary by country,  and  may  include:  (i)  changes  in  government  policies  and  regulations,  including  protectionist  policies,  or personnel;  (ii) changes  in  general  economic  or  social  conditions;  (iii)  restrictions  on  currency  transfer  or convertibility;  (iv)  changes  in  labor  relations;  (v)  military  conflict,  political  instability  and  civil  unrest;  (vi)  less developed or efficient financial markets than in North America; (vii) the absence of uniform accounting, auditing and financial  reporting  standards,  practices  and  disclosure  requirements;  (viii)  less  government  supervision  and regulation;  (ix)  a  less  developed  legal  or  regulatory  environment;  (x)  heightened  exposure  to  corruption  risk;  (xi) political hostility to investments by foreign investors; (xii) less publicly available information in respect of companies in non-North American markets; (xiii) adversely higher or lower rates of inflation; (xiv) higher transaction costs; (xv) difficulty in enforcing contractual obligations and expropriation or confiscation of assets; and (xvi) fewer investor protections.

In  addition  to  the  risks  noted  above,  as  a  result  of  the  rapid  spread  of  COVID-19,  many  governments  imposed restrictions on business activity and travel. Refer to Catastrophic Event/Loss, Pandemics, Climate Change, War and Terrorism on pages 115 and 116.

Unforeseen  political  events  in  markets  where  we  have  significant  investors  and/or  where  we  own  and  operate assets  or  may  look  to  for  further  growth  of  our  businesses,  such  as  the  U.S.,  Canadian,  Brazilian,  Australian, European, Middle Eastern and Asian markets, may create economic uncertainty that has a negative impact on our financial performance. Such uncertainty could cause disruptions to our businesses, including affecting the business of  and/or  our  relationships  with  investors,  customers  and  suppliers,  as  well  as  altering  the  relationship  among

tariffs and currencies, including the value of the British pound and the Euro relative to the U.S. dollar. Disruptions and  uncertainties  could  adversely  affect  our  financial  condition,  operating  results  and  cash  flows.  In  addition, political outcomes in the markets in which we operate may also result in legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national  laws  and  regulations,  which  can  contribute  to  general  economic  uncertainty.  Economic  uncertainty impacting us and managed entities could be exacerbated by supply chain disruptions, trade policy and geopolitical tensions.

## l)      Economic Conditions

## Unfavorable economic conditions or changes in the industries in which we operate could adversely impact our financial performance.

We are exposed to local, regional, national and international economic conditions and other events and occurrences beyond our control, including, but not limited to, the following: short-term and long-term interest rates; inflation; credit and capital market volatility; business investment levels; government spending levels; sovereign debt risks; consumer  spending  levels;  changes  in  laws,  rules  or  regulations;  trade  barriers;  supply  chain  disruptions; commodity  prices;  currency  exchange  rates  and  controls;  national  and  international  political  circumstances (including wars, terrorist acts or security operations); catastrophic events (including pandemics/epidemics such as COVID-19, earthquakes, tornadoes or floods); the rate and direction of economic growth; and general economic uncertainty. On a global basis, certain industries and sectors have created capacity that anticipated higher growth, which has caused volatility across all markets, including commodity markets, which may have a negative impact on our financial performance. Unfavorable economic conditions could affect the jurisdictions in which our entities are formed and where we own assets and operate businesses, and may cause a reduction in: (i) securities prices; (ii) the liquidity  of  investments;  (iii)  the  value  or  performance  of  the  investments;  and  (iv)  the  ability  to  raise  or  deploy capital, each of which could adversely impact our financial condition.

In general, a decline in economic conditions, either in the markets or industries in which we participate, or both, will result in downward pressure on our operating margins and asset values as a result of lower demand and increased price competition for the services and products that we provide. In particular, given the importance of the U.S. to our  operations,  an  economic  downturn  in  this  market  could  have  a  significant  adverse  effect  on  our  operating margins and asset values.

Many of the private funds of our asset manager have a finite life that may require an investment exit to be made at an inopportune time. Volatility in the exit  markets  for  these  investments,  increasing  levels  of  capital  required  to finance companies to exit and rising enterprise value thresholds to go public or complete a strategic sale can all contribute  to  the  risk  that  a  private  fund  investment  cannot  be  exited  successfully.  Our  asset  manager  cannot always control the timing of private fund investment exits or realizations upon exit.

If global economic conditions deteriorate, our investment performance could suffer, resulting in, for example, the payment of less or no carried interest to us. The payment of less or no carried interest to us could cause our cash flow from operations to decrease, which could materially adversely affect our liquidity position and the amount of cash  we  have  on  hand  to  conduct  our  operations.  A  reduction  in  our  cash  flow  from  operations  could,  in  turn, require  us  to  rely  on  other  sources  of  cash  such  as  the  capital  markets,  which  may  not  be  available  to  us  on acceptable terms, or debt and other forms of leverage.

In addition, in an economic downturn, there is an increased risk of default by counterparties to our investments and other transactions. In these circumstances, it is more likely that such transactions will fail or perform poorly, which may in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition.

## m)   Catastrophic Event/Loss, Pandemics, Climate Change, War and Terrorism

Catastrophic events (or combination of events), such as earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, fires, pandemics/epidemics such as COVID-19, climate change, military conflict/war or terrorism/sabotage, could adversely impact our financial performance.

Our AUM could be exposed to effects of catastrophic events, such as severe weather conditions, natural disasters, major  accidents,  pandemics/epidemics  such  as  COVID-19  (including  the  emergence  and  progression  of  new

variants),  acts  of  malicious  destruction,  climate  change,  war/military  conflict  or  terrorism,  which  could  materially adversely impact our operations.

A local, regional, national or international outbreak of a contagious disease, such as COVID-19, which spread across the globe at a rapid pace impacting global commercial activity and travel, or future public health crises, epidemics or pandemics,  could  materially  and  adversely  affect  our  results  of  operations  and  financial  condition  due  to disruptions  to  commerce,  reduced  economic  activity  and  other  unforeseen  consequences  that  are  beyond  our control.

The  ongoing  prevalence  of  COVID-19,  the  emergence  and  progression  of  new  variants  and  the  actions  taken  in response  to  COVID-19  by  government  authorities  across  various  geographies  in  which  the  company  owns  and operates  investments  have  interrupted  business  activities  and  supply  chains,  disrupted  travel,  contributed  to significant  volatility  in  the  financial  markets,  impacted  social  conditions  and  adversely  affected  local,  regional, national  and  international  economic  conditions  as  well  as  the  labor  market.  There  can  be  no  assurance  that strategies that we employ to address potential disruptions in operations will mitigate the adverse impacts of any of these factors.

The longer-term economic impacts of COVID-19 will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain, constantly evolving and difficult to predict. These developments may include the risk of new and potentially more severe variant strains of COVID-19, additional actions that may be taken to contain COVID-19, such as reimposing previously  lifted  measures  or  putting  in  place  additional  restrictions  and  the  pace,  availability,  distribution, acceptance and effectiveness of vaccines. Such developments, depending on their nature, duration and intensity, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

In addition, the potential effects of COVID-19 on our employees, the employees of our subsidiaries, reinsurers, if any,  or  the  employees  of  other  companies  with  which  we  and  they  do  business  could  disrupt  our  business operations. The effectiveness of external parties, including governmental and non-governmental organizations, in combating  the  spread  and  severity  of  the  pandemic  could  have  a  material  impact  on  the  adverse  effects  we experience. These events, which are beyond our control, could cause a material adverse effect on our results of operations in any period and, depending on their severity, could also materially and adversely affect our financial condition.

Natural disasters and ongoing changes to the physical climate in which we operate may have an adverse impact on our  business,  financial  position,  results  of  operations  or  cash  flows.  Changes  in  weather  patterns  or  extreme weather (such as floods, droughts, hurricanes and other storms) may negatively affect our businesses' operations or damage assets that we may own or develop. Further, rising sea levels could, in the future, affect the value of any low-lying coastal real assets that we may own or develop. Climate change may increase the frequency and severity of  severe  weather  conditions  and  may  change  existing  weather  patterns  in  ways  that  are  difficult  to  anticipate. Responses to these changes could result in higher costs, such as the imposition of new property taxes, increases in insurance rates or additional capital expenditures.

Our commercial office portfolio is concentrated in large metropolitan areas, some of which have been or may be perceived to be threatened by terrorist attacks or acts of war. Furthermore, many of our properties consist of highrise buildings that may also be subject to this actual or perceived threat. The perceived threat of a terrorist attack or outbreak of war could negatively impact our ability to lease  office  space  in  our  real  estate  portfolio.  Renewable power and infrastructure assets such as roads, railways, power generation facilities and ports, may also be targeted by terrorist organizations or in acts of war. Any damage or business interruption costs as a result of uninsured or underinsured acts of terrorism or war could result in a material cost to us and could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operation. Adequate terrorism insurance may not be available at rates we believe to be reasonable in the future. These risks could be heightened by foreign policy decisions of the U.S. (where we have significant operations) and other influential countries or general geopolitical conditions.

Additionally,  our  businesses  rely  on  free  movement  of  goods,  services,  and  capital  from  around  the  globe.  Any slowdown  in  international  investment,  business  or  trade  as  a  result  of  catastrophic  events  could  also  have  a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

## n)     Tax

## Reassessments by tax authorities or changes in tax laws could create additional tax costs for us.

Our structure is based on prevailing taxation law and practice in the local jurisdictions in which we operate. Any change  in  tax  policy,  tax  legislation  (including  in  relation  to  taxation  rates),  the  interpretation  of  tax  policy  or legislation or practice in these jurisdictions could adversely affect the return we earn on our investments, the level of capital available to be invested by us or managed entities and the willingness of investors to invest in them. This risk  would include any reassessments by tax authorities on our tax returns if we were to incorrectly interpret or apply any tax policy, legislation or practice.

Taxes and other constraints that would apply to our operating entities in such jurisdictions may not apply to local institutions or other parties such as state-owned enterprises, and such parties may therefore have a significantly lower  effective  cost  of  capital  and  a  corresponding  competitive  advantage  in  pursuing  acquisitions.  There  are  a number  of  factors  that  could  increase  our  effective  tax  rates,  which  would  have  a  negative  impact  on  our  net income, including,  but  not  limited  to,  changes  in  the  valuation  of  our  deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  and  any reassessment of taxes by a taxation authority.

Governments  around  the  world  are  increasingly  seeking  to  regulate  multinational  companies  and  their  use  of differential tax rates between jurisdictions. This effort includes a greater emphasis by various nations to co-ordinate and share information regarding companies and the taxes they pay. Governmental taxation policies and practices could adversely affect us and, depending on the nature of such policies and practices, could have a greater impact on us than on other companies. As a result of this increased focus on the use of tax planning by multinational companies,  our  tax  planning  could  be  subject  to  negative  media  coverage  which  may  adversely  impact  our reputation.

The Corporation endeavors to be considered a 'qualified foreign corporation' for U.S. federal income tax purposes and for the Corporation's dividends to therefore be considered generally eligible for 'qualified dividend' treatment in the U.S. Whether dividends paid by the Corporation will in fact be treated as 'qualified dividends' for U.S. federal income  tax  purposes  for  a  particular  shareholder  of  the  Corporation  will  depend  on  that  shareholder's  specific circumstances, including, but not limited to, the shareholder's holding period for shares of the Corporation on which dividends are received. The Corporation provides no assurances that any or all of its dividends paid to shareholders will be treated as 'qualified dividends' for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

To preserve the intended Canadian federal income tax treatment of the arrangement undertaken to implement the special distribution of the asset management business ('Arrangement'), the company agreed to certain restrictions that may significantly reduce its strategic and operating flexibility.

The  company  engaged  in  various  restructuring  transactions  in  connection  with  the  Arrangement  (the  'PreArrangement  Reorganization').  To  preserve  the  intended  Canadian  federal  income  tax  treatment  of  these transactions as generally tax deferred under the Income Tax Act (Canada), the company, the asset manager and its subsidiaries  are  prohibited  for  a  period  of  two  years  following  the  effective  date  of  the  Arrangement,  except  in specific  circumstances,  from  taking  any  action,  omitting  to  take  any  action  or  entering  into  any  transaction  that could  cause  the  Pre-Arrangement  Reorganization,  the  Arrangement  or  certain  other  transactions  occurring  in conjunction therewith to be taxed in a manner that is inconsistent with that provided for in an opinion of counsel addressed to the board of directors of the company and the board of directors of the asset manager confirming the Canadian  federal  income  tax  consequences  of  certain  aspects  of  the  Pre-Arrangement  Reorganization  and  the Arrangement to the parties thereto. The foregoing restrictions may limit for a period of time the company's ability to pursue  certain  strategic  transactions  or  other  transactions  that  it  believes  to  be  in  the  best  interests  of  our shareholders or that might increase the value of our business.

## o)     Financial Reporting and Disclosures

## Deficiencies in our public company financial reporting and disclosures could adversely impact our reputation.

As we expand the size and scope of our business, there is a greater susceptibility that our financial reporting and other  public  disclosure  documents  may  contain  material  misstatements  and  that  the  controls  we  maintain  to

attempt to ensure the complete accuracy of our public disclosures may fail to operate as intended. The occurrence of  such  events  could  adversely  impact  our  reputation  and  financial  condition.  In  addition,  we  disclose  certain metrics that do not have standardized meaning, are based on our own methodologies and assumptions and may not properly convey the information they purport to reflect.

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting to give our stakeholders assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS. However, the process for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting has inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error. In  addition,  we  may  exclude  recently  acquired  companies  from  our  evaluation  of  internal  controls.  Our  internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements in our financial disclosures on a timely basis, or at all. Some of these processes may be new for certain subsidiaries in our structure and in the case of acquisitions may take time to be fully implemented.

Our  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  are  designed  to  provide  assurance  that  information  required  to  be disclosed  by  us  in  reports  filed  or  submitted  under  Canadian  and  U.S.  securities  laws  is  recorded,  processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified. Our policies and procedures governing disclosures may not ensure that all material information regarding us is disclosed in a proper and timely fashion, or that we will be successful  in  preventing  the  disclosure  of  material  information  to  a  single  person  or  a  limited  group  of  people before such information is generally disseminated.

## p)     Environment, Social and Governance Management

Ineffective  management  of  environmental  and  sustainability  issues,  including  climate  change,  and  inadequate  or ineffective health and safety programs could damage our reputation, adversely impact our financial performance and lead to regulatory action.

There is increasing stakeholder interest in environment, social and governance ('ESG') considerations and how they are  managed.  ESG  considerations  include  climate  change,  human  capital  and  labor  management,  corporate governance,  diversity  and  privacy  and  data  security,  among  others.  Increasingly,  investors  and  lenders  are incorporating  ESG  considerations  into  their  investment  or  lending  process,  respectively,  alongside  traditional financial considerations. Investors or potential investors in managed entities or in Brookfield may not invest in all products given certain industries in which we operate. If we are unable to successfully integrate ESG considerations into our practices, we may incur a higher cost of capital, lower interest in our debt securities and/or equity securities or otherwise face a negative impact on our business, operating results and cash flows and result in reputational damage.

Certain of our subsidiaries and affiliates may be subject to compliance with laws, regulations, regulatory rules and/ or guidance relating to ESG, and any failure to comply with these laws, regulations, regulatory rules or guidance could expose us to material adverse consequences, including loss, limitations on our ability to undertake licensable business, legal liabilities, financial and non-financial sanctions and penalties, and/or reputational damage. New ESG requirements  imposed  by  jurisdictions  in  which  we  do  business,  such  as  the  EU  Sustainable  Finance  Disclosure Regulation (2019/2088), could (a) result in additional compliance costs, disclosure obligations or other implications or restrictions; and/or (b) impact our established business practices, cost base and, by extension, our profitability. ESG-related requirements and market practices differ by region, industry and issue and are evolving dynamically, and the sustainability requirements applicable to us, our investments, or our assessment of such requirements or practices may change over time. Under emerging sustainability requirements, we may be required to classify our businesses  against,  or  determine  the  alignment  of  underlying  investments  under,  ESG-related  legislative  and regulatory  criteria  and  taxonomies,  some  of  which  can  be  open  to  subjective  interpretation.  Our  view  on  the appropriate  classifications  may  develop  over  time,  including  in  response  to  statutory  or  regulatory  guidance  or changes in industry approach to classification. A change to the relevant classification may require further actions to be taken, for example it may require further disclosures, or it may require new processes to be set up to capture data, which may lead to additional cost, disclosure obligations or other implications or restrictions.

The transition  to  a  lower-carbon  economy  has  the  potential  to  be  disruptive  to  traditional  business  models  and investment  strategies.  Efforts  to  limit  global  warming  may  give  rise  to  changes  in  regulations,  reporting  and consumer  sentiment  that  could  have  a  negative  impact  on  our  existing  operations  by  increasing  the  costs  of operating our business or reducing demand for our products and services. The adverse effects of climate change and related regulation at state, provincial, federal or international levels could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

The  ownership  and  operation  of  some  of  the  assets  held  in  our  portfolio  companies  carry  varying  degrees  of inherent risk or liability related to worker health and safety and the environment, including the risk of governmentimposed orders to remedy unsafe conditions and contaminated lands and potential civil liability. Compliance with health, safety and environmental standards and the requirements set out in the relevant licenses, permits and other approvals obtained by the portfolio companies is crucial.

Our portfolio companies have incurred and will continue to incur significant capital and operating expenditures to comply with ESG requirements, including health and safety standards, to obtain and comply with licenses, permits and other approvals, and to assess and manage potential liability exposure. Nevertheless, they may be unsuccessful in  obtaining  or  maintaining  an  important  license,  permit  or  other  approval  or  become  subject  to  government orders,  investigations,  inquiries  or  other  proceedings  (including  civil  claims)  relating  to  health,  safety  and environmental matters, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us.

Health,  safety  and  environmental  laws  and  regulations  can  change  rapidly  and  significantly,  and  we  and/or  our portfolio companies may become subject to more stringent laws and regulations in the future. The occurrence of any adverse health, safety or environmental event, or any changes, additions to, or more rigorous enforcement of, health, safety and environmental standards, licenses, permits or other approvals could have a significant impact on operations and/or result in material expenditures.

Owners  and  operators  of  real  assets  may  become  liable  for  the  costs  of  removal  and  remediation  of  certain hazardous substances released or deposited on or in their properties, or at other locations regardless of whether the owner and operator caused the release or deposit of such hazardous materials. These costs could be significant and could reduce cash available for our businesses. The failure to remove or remediate such substances, if any, could  adversely  affect  our  ability  to  sell  our  assets  or  to  borrow  using  these  assets  as  collateral,  and  could potentially result in claims or other proceedings.

Certain of our businesses are involved in using, handling or transporting substances that are toxic, combustible or otherwise  hazardous  to  the  environment  and  may  be  in  close  proximity  to  environmentally  sensitive  areas  or densely  populated  communities.  If  a  leak,  spill  or  other  environmental  incident  occurred,  it  could  result  in substantial fines or penalties being imposed by regulatory authorities, revocation of licenses or permits required to operate the business, the imposition of more stringent conditions in those licenses or permits or legal claims for compensation (including punitive damages) by affected stakeholders.

Global  ESG  challenges,  such  as  carbon  emissions,  privacy  and  data  security,  demographic  shifts  and  regulatory pressures are introducing new risk factors for us that we may not have dealt with previously. If we are unable to successfully manage our ESG compliance, this could have a negative impact on our reputation and our ability to raise future public and private capital and could be detrimental to our economic value and the value of managed entities.

## q)     Data Security, Privacy, and Cyber-Terrorism

## Failure to maintain the security of our information and technology systems could have a material adverse effect on us.

We rely on certain information and technology systems, including the systems of others with whom we do business, which may be subject to security breaches or cyber-terrorism intended to obtain unauthorized access to proprietary information  or  personally  identifiable  information,  destroy  data  or  disable,  degrade  or  sabotage  these  systems, through the introduction of computer viruses, fraudulent emails, cyber-attacks or other means. Such acts of cyberterrorism could originate from a variety of sources including our own employees or unknown third parties. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including personally identifiable information of

our employees and clients of our asset management business. Data protection and privacy rules have become a focus for regulators globally. For instance, the European General Data Protection Regulation ('GDPR') amended data protection rules for individuals that are residents of the E.U. GDPR imposes stringent rules and penalties for noncompliance, which could have an adverse effect on our business.

Although  we  take  various  measures  to  ensure  the  integrity  of  our  systems  and  to  safeguard  against  failures  or security  breaches,  there  can  be  no  assurance  that  these  measures  will  provide  adequate  protection,  and  a compromise  in  these  systems  could  go  undetected  for  a  significant  period  of  time.  If  these  information  and technology  systems  are  compromised,  we  could  suffer  a  disruption  in  one  or  more  of  our  businesses  and experience, among other things, financial loss; a loss of business opportunities; misappropriation or unauthorized release  of  confidential  or  personal  information;  damage  to  our  systems  and  those  with  whom  we  do  business; violations of privacy and other laws, litigation, regulatory penalties or remediation and restoration costs (particularly in light of increased regulatory focus on cyber-security by regulators around the world); as well as increased costs to maintain  our  systems.  This  could  have  a  negative  impact  on  our  operating  results  and  cash  flows  and  result  in reputational damage.

## r)     Dependence on Information Technology Systems

## The failure of our information technology systems, or those of our third-party service providers, could adversely impact our reputation and financial performance.

We operate in businesses that are dependent on information systems and technology, and we rely on third-party service  providers  to  manage  certain  aspects  of  our  businesses,  including  for  certain  information  systems  and technology,  data  processing  systems,  and  the  secure  processing,  storage  and  transmission  of  information.  In particular,  our  financial,  accounting  and  communications  processes  are  all  conducted  through  data  processing systems. Our information technology and communications systems and those of our third-party service providers are vulnerable to damages or disruption from fire, power loss, telecommunications failure, system malfunctions, natural  disasters,  acts  of  war  or  terrorism,  employee  errors  or  malfeasance,  computer  viruses,  cyber-attacks  or other events that are beyond our control.

Our  information  systems  and  technology  and  those  of  our  third-party  vendors  may  not  continue  to  be  able  to accommodate our growth and the cost of maintaining such systems may increase from its current level, either of which could have a material adverse effect on us.

Any interruption or deterioration in the performance or failures of the information systems and technology that are necessary for our businesses, including for business continuity purposes, could impair the quality of our operations and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and reputation.

## s)     Litigation

## We and our affiliates may become involved in legal disputes in Canada, the U.S. and internationally that could adversely impact our financial performance and reputation.

In the normal course of our operations, we become involved in various legal actions, including claims relating to personal  injury,  property  damage,  property  taxes,  land  rights  and  contract  and  other  commercial  disputes.  The investment decisions we make in our asset management business and the activities of our investment professionals on  behalf  of  portfolio  companies  and  managed  entities  may  subject  us,  managed  entities  and  our  portfolio companies to the risk of third-party litigation. Further, we have significant operations in the U.S. which may, as a result  of  the  prevalence  of  litigation  in  the  U.S.,  be  more  susceptible  to  legal  action  than  certain  of  our  other competitors.

Management  of  our  litigation  matters  is  generally  handled  by  legal  counsel  in  the  business  unit  most  directly impacted by the litigation, and not by a centralized legal department. As a result, the management of litigation that we face may not always be appropriate or effective.

The final outcome with respect to outstanding, pending or future litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and the resolution of such actions may have an adverse effect on our financial position or results of our operations in a

particular quarter or fiscal year. Any litigation may consume substantial amounts of our management's time and attention, and that time and the devotion of these resources to litigation may, at times, be disproportionate to the amounts  at  stake  in  the  litigation.  Even  if  ultimately  unsuccessful  against  us,  any  litigation  has  the  potential  to adversely affect our business, including by damaging our reputation.

## t)      Insurance

## Losses not covered by insurance may be large, which could adversely impact our financial performance.

We carry various insurance policies in relation to our assets and business activities. These policies contain policy specifications,  limits  and  deductibles  that  may  mean  that  such  policies  do  not  provide  coverage  or  sufficient coverage  against  all  potential  material  losses.  We  may  also  self-insure  a  portion  of  certain  of  these  risks,  and therefore the company may not be able to recover from a third-party insurer in the event that the company, if it had asset  insurance  coverage  from  a  third  party,  could  make  a  claim  for  recovery.  There  are  certain  types  of  risk (generally of a catastrophic nature such as war or environmental contamination) that are either uninsurable or not economically insurable. Further, there are certain types of risk for which insurance coverage is not equal to the full replacement  cost  of  the  insured  assets.  Should  any  uninsured  or  underinsured  loss  occur,  we  could  lose  our investment in, and anticipated profits and cash flows from, one or more of our assets or operations.

We also carry  directors'  and  officers'  liability  insurance  ('D&amp;O  insurance')  for  losses  or  advancement  of  defense costs  in  the  event  a  legal  action  is  brought  against  the  company's  directors,  officers  or  employees  for  alleged wrongful acts in their capacity as directors, officers or employees. Our D&amp;O insurance contains certain customary exclusions  that  may  make  it  unavailable  for  the  company  in  the  event  it  is  needed;  and  in  any  case  our  D&amp;O insurance may not be adequate to fully protect the company against liability for the conduct of its directors, officers or employees. We may also self-insure a portion of our D&amp;O insurance, and therefore the company may not be able to  recover  from  a  third-party  insurer  in  the  event  that  the  company,  if  it  had  D&amp;O  insurance  from  a  third-party insurer, could make a claim for recovery.

For economic efficiency and other reasons, the Corporation and its affiliates may enter into insurance policies as a group that are intended to provide coverage for the entire group. Where group policies are in place, any payments under such policy could have a negative impact on other entities covered under the policy as they may not be able to  access  adequate  insurance  in  the  event  it  is  needed.  While  management  attempts  to  design  coverage  limits under group policies to ensure that all entities covered under a policy have access to sufficient insurance coverage, there are no guarantees that these efforts will be effective in obtaining this result.

## u)     Credit and Counterparty Risk

## Inability to collect amounts owing to us could adversely impact financial performance.

Third parties may not fulfill their payment obligations to us, which could include money, securities or other assets, thereby  impacting  our  operations  and  financial  results.  These  parties  include  deal  and  trading  counterparties, governmental agencies,  portfolio  company  customers  and  financial  intermediaries.  Third  parties  may  default  on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure, general economic conditions or other reasons.

We have business lines that loan money to distressed companies, either privately or via an investment in publicly traded debt securities. As a result, we actively take heightened credit risk in other entities from time to time and whether we realize satisfactory investment returns on these loans is uncertain and may be beyond our control. If some of these debt investments fail, our financial performance could be negatively impacted.

Investors  in  private  funds  make  capital  commitments  to  these  vehicles  through  the  execution  of  subscription agreements.  When  a  private  fund  makes  an  investment,  these  capital  commitments  are  then  satisfied  by  such investors  via  capital  contributions.  These  investors  may  default  on  their  capital  commitment  obligations,  which could  have  an  adverse  impact  on  our  asset  management  business  and  in  turn  our  earnings  or  result  in  other negative  implications  to  our  businesses  such  as  the  requirement  to  redeploy  our  own  capital  to  cover  such obligations. This impact would be magnified if the investor that does so is in multiple funds.

## v)     Information Barriers

Information barriers may give rise to certain conflicts and risks and investment teams managing the activities of businesses that operate on opposite sides of an information barrier will not be aware of, and will not have the ability to manage, such conflicts and risks.

Certain  businesses  within  our  asset  management  operations  operate  largely  independently  of  one  another pursuant  to  an  information  barrier.  The  information  barrier  restricts  businesses  on  opposite  sides  from coordinating  or  consulting  with  one  another  with  respect  to  investment  activities  and/or  decisions.  Accordingly, these businesses manage their investment operations independently of each other. The investment activities and decisions made by a business on one side of an information barrier are not expected to be subject to any internal approvals by any person who would have knowledge and/or decision-making control of the investment activities and decisions made by a business on the other side of the information barrier. This absence of coordination and consultation will give rise to certain conflicts and risks in connection with the activities of the businesses within our asset management operations and their portfolio companies, and make it more difficult to mitigate, ameliorate or avoid such situations. These conflicts (and potential conflicts) of interests may include: (i) competing from time to time for the same investment opportunities, (ii) the pursuit by a business on one side of the information barrier of investment opportunities suitable for a business on the other side of the information barrier, without making such opportunities available to such business, and (iii) the formation or establishment of new strategies or products that could compete or otherwise conduct their affairs without regard as to whether or not they adversely impact the strategies or products of our businesses operating on the other side of the information barrier. Investment teams managing the activities of businesses that operate on opposite sides of an information barrier are not expected to be  aware  of,  and  will  not  have  the  need  or  ability  to  manage,  such  conflicts  which  may  impact  the  investment strategy, performance and investment returns of certain businesses within our asset management operations and their portfolio companies.

The asset management businesses that operate on opposite sides of an information barrier are likely to be deemed affiliates for purposes of certain laws and regulations notwithstanding that such businesses may be operationally independent from one another. The information barrier does not eliminate the requirement that such businesses aggregate certain investment holdings for certain securities laws and other regulatory purposes. This may result in, among other things, earlier public disclosure of investments; restrictions on transactions (including the ability to make or dispose of certain investments at certain times); potential short-swing profit disgorgement; penalties and/ or regulatory remedies; or adverse effects on the prices of investments for our asset management businesses that operate on the other side of such information barrier.

Although  these  information  barriers  were  implemented  to  address  the  potential  conflicts  of  interests  and regulatory, legal and contractual requirements applicable to our asset management business, we may decide, at any time and without notice to our company or our shareholders, to remove or modify the information barriers within our  asset  management  business.  In  addition,  there  may  be  breaches  (including  inadvertent  breaches)  of  the information barriers and related internal controls. In the event that the information barrier is removed or modified, it  would  be  expected  that  we  will  adopt  certain  protocols  designed  to  address  potential  conflicts  and  other considerations  relating  to  the  management  of  the  investment  activities  of  those  businesses  that  previously operated on opposite sides of an information barrier.

The breach or failure of such information barriers could result in the sharing of material non-public information between businesses that operate on opposite sides of an information barrier, which may restrict the acquisition or disposition  activities  of  one  of  our  businesses  and  ultimately  impact  the  returns  generated  for  our  investors.  In addition, any such breach or failure could also result in potential regulatory investigations and claims for securities laws  violations  in  connection  with  our  direct  and/or  indirect  investment  activities.  Any  inadvertent  trading  on material  non-public  information,  or  perception  of  trading  on  material  non-public  information  by  one  of  our businesses or our personnel, could have a significant adverse effect on our reputation, result in the imposition of regulatory or financial sanctions and negatively impact our ability to raise third-party capital and provide investment management services to clients, all of which could result in negative financial impact to our investment activities.

## w)     Renewable Power and Transition

## We face risks specific to our renewable power and transition activities.

Our renewable power and transition operations are subject to changes in the weather, hydrology and price, but also include risks related to equipment or dam failure, counterparty performance, water rental costs, land rental costs, changes in regulatory requirements and other material disruptions.

The revenues generated by our power facilities are correlated to the amount of electricity generated, which in turn is dependent upon available water flows, wind, irradiance and other elements beyond our control. Hydrology, wind and irradiance levels vary naturally from year to year and may also change permanently because of climate change or other factors. It is therefore possible that low water, wind and irradiance levels at certain of our power generating operations could occur at any time and potentially continue for indefinite periods.

A  portion  of  our  renewable  power  and  transition  revenue  is  tied,  either  directly  or  indirectly,  to  the  wholesale market price for electricity, which is impacted by a number of external factors beyond our control. Additionally, a portion  of  the  power  we  generate  is  sold  under  long-term  power  purchase  agreements,  shorter-term  financial instruments and physical electricity contracts which are intended to mitigate the impact of fluctuations in wholesale electricity  prices;  however,  they  may  not  be  effective  in  achieving  this  outcome.  Certain  of  our  power  purchase agreements will be subject to re-contracting in the future. If the price of electricity in power markets is declining at the time of such re-contracting, it may impact our ability to re-negotiate or replace these contracts on terms that are acceptable to us. Conversely, what appears to be an attractive price at the time of recontracting could, if power prices rise over the power purchase agreement's term, result in us having committed to sell power in the future at below market rate.  If we are unable to re-negotiate or replace these contracts, or unable to secure prices at least equal to the current prices we receive, our business, financial condition, results of operation and prospects could be adversely affected.

In our renewable power and transition operations, there is a risk of equipment failure due to wear and tear, latent defect, design error or operator error, among other things. The occurrence of such failures could result in a loss of generating  capacity  and  repairing  such  failures  could  require  the  expenditure  of  significant  capital  and  other resources. Failures could also result in exposure to significant liability for damages due to harm to the environment, to the public generally or to specific third parties. Equipment that our renewable power and transition operations need, including spare parts and components required for project development, may become unavailable or difficult to  procure,  inhibiting  our  ability  to  maintain  full  availability  of  existing  plants  and  also  our  ability  to  complete development projects on scope, schedule and budget.

In  certain  cases,  some  catastrophic  events  may  not  excuse  us  from  performing  our  obligations  pursuant  to agreements with third parties and we may be liable for damages or suffer further losses as a result.

Our  ability  to  develop  greenfield  renewable  power  projects  in  our  development  pipeline  may  be  affected  by  a number of factors, including the ability to secure approvals, licenses and permits and the ability to secure a longterm power purchase agreement or other sales contracts on reasonable terms. The development of our pipeline of greenfield renewable power projects is also subject to environmental, engineering and construction risks that could result in cost-overruns, delays and reduced performance.

New regulatory  initiatives  related  to  ESG  could  adversely  impact  our  business.  While  we  believe  that  regulatory initiatives and market trends towards an increased focus on ESG are generally beneficial to our renewable power and transition group, any such regulatory initiatives also have the potential to adversely impact us. For example, regulatory  initiatives  seeking  to  reorient  investment  toward  sustainability  by  regulating  green  financial  products could have the effect of increasing burdensome disclosure requirements around ESG and prescribing approaches to ESG policies that are inconsistent with our current practices. If regulators disagree with the ESG disclosures that we make, or with the categorization of our financial products, we may face regulatory enforcement action, and our business or reputation could be adversely affected.

## x)     Infrastructure

## We face risks specific to our infrastructure activities.

Our infrastructure operations include utilities, transport, midstream, data, timberlands and agriculture operations. Our infrastructure assets include toll roads, telecommunication towers, electricity transmission systems, terminal operations,  electricity  and  gas  distribution  companies,  rail  networks,  ports  and  data  centers.  The  principal  risks facing  the  regulated  and  unregulated  businesses  comprising  our  infrastructure  operations  relate  to  government regulation,  general  economic  conditions  and  other  material  disruptions,  counterparty  performance,  capital expenditure requirements and land use.

Many  of  our  infrastructure  operations  are  subject  to  forms  of  economic  regulation,  including  with  respect  to revenues. If any of the respective regulators in the jurisdictions in which we operate decides to change the tolls or rates we are allowed to charge, or the amounts of the provisions we are allowed to collect, we may not be able to earn the rate of return on our investments that we had planned, or we may not be able to recover our initial cost.

General economic conditions affect international demand for the commodities handled and services provided by our infrastructure operations and the goods produced and sold by our timberlands and agriculture businesses. A downturn in the economy generally or specific to any of our infrastructure businesses, may lead to a reduction in volumes, bankruptcies or liquidations of one or more large customers, which could reduce our revenues, increase our bad debt expense, reduce our ability to make capital expenditures or have other adverse effects on us.

Some of our infrastructure  operations  have  customer  contracts  as  well  as  concession  agreements  in  place  with public  and  private  sector  clients.  Our  operations  with  customer  contracts  could  be  adversely  affected  by  any material change in the assets, financial condition or results of operations of such customers. Protecting the quality of our revenue streams through the inclusion of take-or-pay or guaranteed minimum volume provisions into our contracts is not always possible or fully effective.

Our infrastructure operations may require substantial capital expenditures to maintain our asset base. Any failure to make necessary expenditures to maintain our operations could impair our ability to serve existing customers or accommodate increased volumes. In addition, we may not be able to recover investments in capital expenditures based upon the rates our operations are able to charge.

## y)     Private Equity

## We face risks specific to our private equity activities.

The  principal  risks  for  our  private  equity  businesses  are  potential  loss  of  invested  capital  as  well  as  insufficient investment or fee income to cover operating expenses and cost of capital. Our private equity platform is exposed to industrial, business services and infrastructure services businesses, many of which can be cyclical and/or illiquid and therefore may be difficult to monetize at our discretion, limiting our flexibility  to  react  to  changing  economic  or investment conditions. In addition, increasingly we have certain private equity businesses that provide goods and services directly to consumers across a variety of industries. These businesses are prone to greater liabilities, as well as reputational, litigation and other risks by virtue of being more public-facing and reliant on their ability to develop and preserve consumer relationships and achieve consumer satisfaction.

Unfavorable economic conditions could negatively impact the ability of investee companies to repay debt. Even with our support, such adverse economic conditions facing our investee companies may adversely impact the value of our investments or deplete our financial or management resources. These investments are also subject to the risks inherent in the underlying businesses, some of which are facing difficult business conditions and may continue to do so for the foreseeable future. These risks are compounded by recent growth, as new acquisitions have increased the scale and scope of our operations, including in new geographic areas and industry sectors, and we may have difficulty managing these additional operations.

We may invest in companies that are experiencing significant financial or business difficulties, including companies involved  in  work-outs,  liquidations,  spin-outs,  reorganizations,  bankruptcies  and  similar  transactions.  Such  an investment entails the risk that the transaction will be unsuccessful, will take considerable time or will result in a

distribution of cash or new securities, the value of which may be less than the purchase price of the securities in respect of which such distribution is received. In addition, if an anticipated transaction does not occur, we may be required to sell our investment at a loss. Investments in businesses we target may become subject to legal and/or regulatory  proceedings  and  our  investment  may  be  adversely  affected  by  external  events  beyond  our  control, leading to legal, indemnification or other expenses.

We have several companies that operate in the highly competitive service industry. A wide variety of micro and macroeconomic factors affecting our clients and over which we have no control can impact how these companies operate.  For  example,  our  Canadian  residential  mortgage  insurance  services  business  is  subject  to  significant regulation and may be adversely affected by changes in government policy. In addition, the majority of the revenue from our healthcare services business is derived from private health insurance funds, which may be affected by a deterioration  in  the  economic  climate,  a  change  in  economic  incentives,  increases  in  private  health  insurance premiums  and  other  factors.  In  addition,  alternative  technologies  in  the  health  care  industry  could  impact  the demand for, or use of, our services and could impair or eliminate the competitive advantage of our businesses in this industry.

Our infrastructure services operations include companies in nuclear technology services, marine transportation and scaffolding services. The nuclear fuel and power industries are heavily regulated and could be significantly impacted by  changes  in  government  policies  and  priorities  such  as  increased  regulation  and/or  more  onerous  operating requirements that negatively impact our nuclear technology services. A future accident at a nuclear reactor could result  in  the  shutdown  of  existing  plants  or  impact  the  continued  acceptance  by  the  public  and  regulatory authorities  of  nuclear  energy  and  the  future  prospects  for  nuclear  generators.  Accidents,  terrorism,  natural disasters or other incidents occurring at nuclear facilities or involving shipments of nuclear materials could reduce the  demand  for  nuclear  technology  services.  Marine  transportation  and  oil  production  is  inherently  risky, particularly in the extreme conditions in which many of our vessels operate. An incident involving significant loss of product  or  environmental  contamination  by  any  of  our  vessels  could  harm  our  reputation  and  business.  Our scaffolding services business is subject to the risks inherent to construction operations, including risks relating to seasonal fluctuations in the demand for our services, a dependence on labor and performance being materially impacted by a lack of availability of labor force or increases in the cost of labor available, and operational hazards that could result in personal injury or death, work stoppage or serious property and equipment damage.

## z)    Real Estate

## We face risks specific to our real estate activities.

We invest  in  commercial  properties  and  are  therefore  exposed  to  certain  risks  inherent  in  the  commercial  real estate business. Commercial real estate investments are subject to varying degrees of risk depending on the nature of  the  property.  These  risks  include  changes  in  general  economic conditions (such as the availability and cost of mortgage capital), local conditions (such as an oversupply of space or a reduction in demand for real estate in the markets in which we operate), the attractiveness of the properties to tenants, competition from other landlords and our ability to provide adequate maintenance at an economical cost.

Certain expenditures, including property taxes, maintenance costs, mortgage payments, insurance costs and related charges, must be made whether or not a property is producing sufficient income to service these expenses. Our commercial properties are typically subject to mortgages that require debt service payments. If we become unable or unwilling to meet mortgage payments on any property, losses could be sustained as a result of the mortgagee's exercise of its rights of foreclosure or of sale.

Continuation of rental income is dependent on favorable leasing markets to ensure expiring leases are renewed and new tenants are found promptly to fill vacancies. It is possible that we may face a disproportionate amount of space  expiring  in  any  one  year.  Additionally,  rental  rates  could  decline,  tenant  bankruptcies  could  increase  and tenant renewals may not be achieved, particularly in the event of an economic slowdown.

Our real estate business operates in industries or geographies impacted by COVID-19. Many of these are facing financial  and  operational hardships due to COVID-19 and responses to it. Adverse impacts on our business may include:

- a  complete or partial closure of, or other operational issues at, one or more of our properties resulting from government or tenant action;
- a  slowdown  in  business  activity  may  severely  impact  our  tenants'  businesses,  financial  condition  and liquidity and may cause one or more of our tenants to be unable to fund their business operations, meet their obligations to us in full, or at all, or to otherwise seek modifications of such obligations;
- an increase in re-leasing timelines, potential delays in lease-up of vacant space and the market rates at which such lease will be executed;
- reduced economic activity could result in a prolonged recession, which could negatively impact consumer discretionary spending; and
- expected completion dates for our development and redevelopment projects may be subject to delay as a result  of  local  economic  conditions  that  may  continue  to  be  disrupted  as  a  result  of  the  COVID-19 pandemic.

Our retail real estate operations are susceptible to any economic factors that have a negative impact on consumer spending. Lower consumer spending would have an unfavorable effect on the sales of our retail tenants, which could result in their inability or unwillingness to make all payments owing to us, and on our ability to keep existing tenants  and  attract  new  tenants.  Significant  expenditures  associated  with  each  equity  investment  in  real  estate assets, such as mortgage payments, property taxes and maintenance costs, are generally not reduced when there is a reduction in income from the investment, so our income and cash flow would be adversely affected by a decline in income  from  our  retail  properties.  In  addition,  low  occupancy  or  sales  at  our  retail  properties,  as  a  result  of competition or otherwise, could result in termination of or reduced rent payable under certain of our retail leases, which could adversely affect our retail property revenues.

Our hospitality and multifamily businesses are subject to a range of operating risks common to these industries, many of which are outside our control, and the profitability of our investments in these industries may be adversely affected by these factors. For example, our hospitality business faces risks relating to climate change hurricanes, earthquakes,  tsunamis  and  other  natural  and  man-made  disasters;  the  potential  spread  of  contagious  diseases such  as  COVID-19;  and  insect  infestations  more  common  to  rental  accommodations.  Such  factors  could  limit  or reduce the demand for or the prices our hospitality properties are able to obtain for their accommodations or could increase our costs and therefore reduce the profitability of our hospitality businesses. There are numerous housing alternatives  that  compete  with  our  multifamily  properties,  including  other  multifamily  properties  as  well  as condominiums and single-family homes. This competitive environment could have a material adverse effect on our ability to lease apartment homes at our present properties or any newly developed or acquired real estate, as well as on the rents realized.

## We face risks specific to our residential development and mixed-use activities.

Our residential homebuilding and land development operations are cyclical and significantly affected by changes in general  and  local  economic,  political  and  industry  conditions,  such  as  consumer  confidence,  employment  levels, inflation levels, availability of financing for homebuyers, household debt, levels of new and existing homes for sale, demographic trends and housing demand. Competition from rental properties and resale homes, including homes held  for  sale  by  investors  and  foreclosed  homes,  may  reduce  our  ability  to  sell  new  homes,  depress  prices  and reduce margins for the sale of new homes.

COVID-19 has also resulted in a lack of availability or increased costs of required materials, utilities and resources which could delay or increase the cost of home construction and which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. For example, in 2020 and 2021 there was extreme volatility in the price of lumber as a result of  curtailed  production  from  lumber  mill  closures  due  to  COVID-19,  forest  fires  in  California  and  the  Pacific Northwest followed by a surge in demand for single family homes in the latter half of 2021. Similar events in the future could result in construction delays and increased costs which may not be fully passed on to our buyers.

Virtually all of our homebuilding customers finance their home acquisitions through mortgages. Even if potential customers do not need financing, changes in interest rates or the unavailability of mortgage capital could make it

harder for them to sell their homes to potential buyers who need financing, resulting in a reduced demand for new homes. Rising mortgage rates or reduced mortgage availability could adversely affect our ability to sell new homes and  the  prices  at  which  we  can  sell  them.  Notwithstanding  relatively  low  interest  rates,  our  Canadian  markets continue to be impacted by changes to mortgage qualification rules that introduced stress tests for homebuyers and  government  policies  relating  to  the  Ontario  real  estate  market  and  the  Alberta  energy  sector  surrounding pipeline approval. In the U.S., significant expenses incurred for purposes of owning a home, including mortgage interest  expense  and  real  estate  taxes,  generally  are  deductible  expenses  for  an  individual's  U.S.  federal  and,  in some cases, state income taxes.

COVID-19  and  the  current  economic  environment  also  continues  to  impact  the  industry  for  retail  and  office properties in our mixed-use projects. As we depend on office, retail, and apartment tenants to generate income from these mixed-use projects, our results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected by vacancies and tenant defaults or bankruptcy in our mixed-use properties, and we may be unable to renew leases or re-lease space in our mixed-use properties as leases expire.

We hold land for future development and may in the future acquire additional land holdings. The risks inherent in purchasing, owning and developing land increase as the demand for new homes decreases. Real estate markets are highly uncertain, and the value of undeveloped land has fluctuated significantly and may continue to fluctuate. In addition, land carrying costs can be significant and can result in losses or reduced profitability. As a result, we hold certain land, and may acquire additional land, in our development pipeline at a cost we may not be able to fully recover or at a cost which precludes profitable development.

Our  residential  development  and  mixed-use  business  is  susceptible  to  adverse  weather  conditions,  other environmental conditions, and natural disasters, as well as pandemics/epidemics such as COVID-19, each of which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. For example, while none of our U.S. properties were materially adversely affected by the recent significant wildfires throughout Southern California, we could experience labor shortages, construction delays, or utility company delays, which in turn could impact our results.

## aa)  Reinsurance

## We face risks specific to Brookfield Reinsurance and its reinsurance activities.

We completed the spin-out of Brookfield Reinsurance in 2021 to own and operate a leading reinsurance business focused on providing capital-based and annuity solutions to insurance and reinsurance companies and pension risk transfer  (PRT)  products  for  pension  plan  sponsors  and  we  continue  to  hold  a  significant  economic  interest  in Brookfield Reinsurance.

Brookfield  Reinsurance  class  A  exchangeable  shares  have  been  structured  with  the  intention  of  providing  an economic  return  equivalent  to  our  Class  A  shares.  Each  Brookfield  Reinsurance  class  A  exchangeable  share  is exchangeable on a one-for-one basis at the option of the holder for our Class A shares (or its cash equivalent) and distributions on Brookfield Reinsurance class A exchangeable shares are expected to be paid at the same time and in the same amount as cash dividends are paid on our Class A shares. In addition,  we have entered into a number of important agreements with Brookfield Reinsurance to support the economic equivalence between our Class A shares  and  Brookfield  Reinsurance  class  A  exchangeable  shares,  including:  (i)  a  support  agreement  pursuant  to which  we  have  agreed  to,  among  other  things,  take  all  actions  reasonably  necessary  to  enable  Brookfield Reinsurance  to  pay  quarterly  distributions  and  the  liquidation  amount  or  amount  payable  on  a  redemption  of Brookfield  Reinsurance  class  A  exchangeable  shares;  and  (ii)  the  provision  of  certain  equity  capital  and  debt financing  to  Brookfield  Reinsurance  on  an  as-needed  basis  to  fund  the  growth  of  and  maximize  flexibility  for Brookfield  Reinsurance.  While  Brookfield  Reinsurance  and  its  operating  businesses  will  generally  be  required  to satisfy their own working capital requirements and service any debt obligations, in the event Brookfield Reinsurance is  unable  to  meet  its  financial  obligations,  it  will  be  required  to  rely  on  us  for  support  pursuant  to  the  support agreement and our equity capital and debt financing. Further, we or Brookfield Reinsurance may issue additional shares in the future in the public markets, including to fund future growth of Brookfield Reinsurance or in lieu of incurring indebtedness, which could depress the market price or dilute the percentage interest of existing holders of  our  Class  A  Shares  and  Brookfield  Reinsurance  class  A  exchangeable  shares  in  aggregate.  Additionally,  any

Brookfield  Reinsurance  class  A  exchangeable  shares  issued  by  Brookfield  Reinsurance  in  the  future  will  be exchangeable  on  the  same  terms  as  the  Brookfield  Reinsurance  class  A  exchangeable  shares  and  any  future exchanges satisfied by the delivery of our Class A Shares would dilute the percentage interest of existing holders of our Class A Shares.

Brookfield Reinsurance's business is presently conducted under three operating segments, which it refers to as its reinsurance business, PRT business and direct insurance business. Going forward, Brookfield Reinsurance plans to grow these businesses; however, there is no guarantee that it will be successful in doing so. A key part of Brookfield Reinsurance's growth strategy will involve executing new PRT arrangements and reinsurance contracts and may also include the acquisition of, or material investments in, existing reinsurance and insurance platforms. Such initiatives, if successful, would significantly increase the scale, scope and diversity of Brookfield Reinsurance. While Brookfield Reinsurance has reviewed and has successfully executed transactions in the past to facilitate its growth, competition exists in the market for profitable reinsurance and PRT arrangements and businesses and Brookfield Reinsurance may not be successful in executing on future opportunities.

Brookfield  Reinsurance  makes  and  relies  on  certain  assumptions  and  estimates  in  order  to  make  decisions regarding pricing, target returns, reserve levels and other factors affecting its business operations. Its underwriting results  depend  upon  the  extent  to  which  actual  claims  experience  and  benefit  payments  under  its  reinsurance contracts are consistent with the assumptions used in setting prices and establishing liabilities for such contracts. Such amounts are established based on actuarial estimates of how much Brookfield Reinsurance will need to pay for future benefits and claims based on data and models that include many assumptions and projections, which are inherently  uncertain  and  involve  significant  judgment,  including  assumptions  as  to  the  levels  and/or  timing  of receipt  or  payment  of  premiums,  benefits,  claims,  expenses,  interest  credits  and  investment  results  (including equity and other market returns). If the assumptions and estimates of Brookfield Reinsurance differ significantly from the actual outcomes and results, its business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows may be  materially  and  adversely  affected,  which  in  turn  may  negatively  impact  the  value  of  our  interest  in  the business.

Brookfield Reinsurance's business prospects must be considered in light of the risks and uncertainties encountered by  an  early-stage  company.  Some  of  these  risks  relate  to  the  potential  inability  of  Brookfield  Reinsurance  to effectively manage its business and operations, recruit and retain key personnel, contain costs with expansion in the scale  of  the  business,  navigate  a  complex  regulatory  environment,  manage growth in personnel and operations, develop  new  products  that  complement  its  existing  business  and  successfully  address  the  other  risks  faced  by Brookfield Reinsurance.

## GLOSSARY OF TERMS

The below summarizes certain terms relating to our business that are made throughout the MD&amp;A and it defines IFRS performance measures, non-IFRS performance measures and key operating measures that we use to analyze and discuss our results.

## REFERENCES

'Brookfield,' the 'company,' 'we,' 'us' or 'our' refers to Brookfield Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. The 'Corporation' refers to our business which is comprised of our asset management, insurance solutions and operating businesses.

We refer to investors in the Corporation as shareholders and we refer to investors in the private funds of our asset management business and perpetual affiliates as investors .

We use asset manager to refer to our Asset Management segment which offers a variety of investment products to our investors:

- We  have  over  40  active  funds  across  major  asset  classes:  renewable  power  and  transition,  infrastructure, private equity, real estate and credit. These funds include core, credit, value-add and opportunistic closed-end funds and core long-life funds. We refer to these funds as the private funds of our asset management business.
- We refer to BEP, BEPC, BIP, BIPC, BBU, BBUC and BPG,  as our perpetual affiliates.
- We refer to our public securities group as liquid strategies. This group manages fee-bearing capital through numerous funds and separately managed accounts, focused on fixed income and equity securities.

Throughout the MD&amp;A and consolidated financial statements, the following operating companies, joint ventures and associates, and their respective subsidiaries, will be referenced as follows:

- American National - American National Group
- BAM - Brookfield Asset Management ULC
- BBU - Brookfield Business Partners L.P.
- BBUC - Brookfield Business Corporation
- BEP - Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P.
- BEPC - Brookfield Renewable Corporation
- BIP - Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P.
- BIPC - Brookfield Infrastructure Corporation

## PERFORMANCE MEASURES

Definitions  of  performance  measures,  including  IFRS,  non-IFRS  and  operating  measures,  are  presented  below  in alphabetical  order.  We  have  specifically  identified  those  measures  which  are  IFRS  or  non-IFRS  measures;  the remainder are operating measures.

Assets under management ('AUM') refers to the total fair value of assets that our asset management business manages, on a gross asset value basis, including assets for which this business earns management fees and those for which they do not. AUM is calculated as follows: (i) for investments that Brookfield consolidates for accounting purposes or actively manages, including investments in which Brookfield or a controlled investment vehicle is the largest shareholder or the primary operator or manager, at 100% of the investment's total assets on a fair value basis;  and  (ii)  for  all  other  investments,  at  Brookfield's  or  its  controlled  investment  vehicle's,  as  applicable, proportionate  share  of  the  investment's  total  assets  on  a  fair  value  basis.  Our  asset  management  business's methodology for determining AUM may differ from the methodology employed by other alternative asset managers and Brookfield's AUM presented herein may differ from our AUM reflected in other public filings and/or our Form ADV and Form PF.

- BPG - Brookfield Property Group
- BPY - Brookfield Property Partners L.P.
- BNRE - Brookfield Reinsurance Ltd.
- BSREP IV - Brookfield Strategic Real Estate Partners IV
- IPL - Inter Pipeline Ltd.
- Norbord - Norbord Inc.
- Oaktree - Oaktree Capital Management

Base management fees , which are determined by contractual arrangements, are typically equal to a percentage of fee-bearing  capital  and  are  accrued  quarterly.  Base  management  fees,  including  private  fund  base  fees  and perpetual affiliate base fees, are IFRS measures.

Private fund base fees are typically earned on fee-bearing capital from third-party investors only and are earned on invested and/or uninvested fund capital, depending on the stage of the fund life.

Perpetual affiliate base fees are  earned  on  the  total  capitalization  or  net  asset  value  of  our  perpetual  affiliates, which includes our investment. Base fees for BEP include a quarterly fixed fee amount of $5 million, with additional fees of 1.25% on the increase in capitalization above their initial capitalization of $8 billion. Base fees for BIP and BBU are 1.25% of  total  capitalization.  Base  fees  for  BPG  are  1.05%  of  net  asset  value,  excluding  its  interests  in private  funds  and  investments  which  were  held  directly  by  Brookfield  prior  to  the  BPY  privatization.  Perpetual affiliate capitalization as at December 31, 2022, was as follows: BEP/BEPC - $20.5 billion; BIP/BIPC - $29.2 billion; BBU/BBUC - $7.8 billion; and BPG - $20.8 billion.

Carried  interest is  a  contractual  arrangement  whereby  we  receive  a  fixed  percentage  of  investment  gains generated  within  a  private  fund  provided  that  the  investors  receive  a  pre-determined  minimum  return.  Carried interest is typically paid towards the end of the life of a fund after the capital has been returned to investors and may  be  subject  to  'clawback'  until  all  investments  have  been  monetized  and  minimum  investment  returns  are sufficiently assured.

Realized carried interest is  an IFRS measure and represents our share of investment returns based on realized gains  within  a  private  fund.  Realized  carried  interest  earned  is  recognized  when  an  underlying  investment  is profitably disposed of and the fund's cumulative returns are in excess of preferred returns, in accordance with the respective terms set out in the fund's governing agreements, and when the probability of clawback is remote. We include realized carried interest when determining our Asset Management segment results within our consolidated financial statements.

Realized carried interest, net is  a  non-IFRS  measure and represents realized carried interest after direct costs, which include employee expenses and cash taxes. A reconciliation of realized carried interest to realized carried interest, net, is shown below:

| FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Realized carried interest  1  .....................................................................................................................  $  894  $  1,713  Less: direct costs associated with realized carried interest  .........................................................  (284)  (786)  610  927  Less: realized carried interest not attributable to Corporation  ..................................................  (55)  (212)  Realized carried interest, net  ..............................................................................................................  $  555  $  715   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Includes $316 million of realized carried interest related to Oaktree (2021 - $1.2 billion). For segment reporting, Oaktree's revenue is shown on a 100% basis.

Carry eligible capital represents the capital committed, pledged or invested in the private funds that we manage and  which  entitle  us  to  earn  carried  interest.  Carry  eligible  capital  includes  both  invested  and  uninvested  (i.e., uncalled) private fund amounts as well as those amounts invested directly by investors (co-investments) if those entitle us to earn carried interest. We believe this measure is useful to investors as it provides additional insight into the  capital  base  upon  which  we  have  potential  to  earn  carried  interest  once  minimum  investment  returns  are sufficiently assured.

Consolidated capitalization reflects  the  full  capitalization  of  wholly  owned  and  partially  owned  entities  that  we consolidate  in  our  financial  statements.  Our  consolidated  capitalization  includes  100%  of  the  debt  of  the consolidated entities even though in many cases we only own a portion of the entity and therefore our pro-rata exposure to this debt is much lower. In other cases, this basis of presentation excludes the debt of partially owned entities that are accounted for following the equity method.

Core  liquidity represents  the  amount  of  cash,  financial  assets  and  undrawn  credit  lines  at  the  Corporation, perpetual  affiliates  and  directly  held  investments.  We  use  core  liquidity  as  a  key  measure  of  our  ability  to  fund future transactions and capitalize on opportunities as they arise. Our core liquidity also allows us to backstop the transactions of our various businesses as necessary and fund the development of new activities that are not yet suitable for our investors.

Total liquidity represents the sum of core liquidity and uncalled private fund commitments and is used to pursue new transactions.

Corporate capitalization represents the amount of debt issued by the Corporation, accounts payable and deferred tax  liability  in  our  Corporate  Activities  segment  as  well  as  our  issued  and  outstanding  common  and  preferred shares.

Debt  to  capitalization is  determined  as  the  aggregate  of  corporate  borrowings  and  non-recourse  borrowings divided by total capitalization. Draws on revolving facilities and commercial paper issuances are excluded from the debt to capitalization ratios as they are not permanent sources of capital.

Distributions  (current  rate) represents  the  distributions  that  we  would  receive  during  the  next  twelve  months based on the current distribution rates of the investments that we currently hold. The dividends from our listed investments are calculated by multiplying the number of shares held by the most recently announced distribution policy. The yield on cash and financial assets portfolio is equal to an estimated 8% on the ending balance as of the end of the current year. Distributions on our unlisted investments are calculated based on the distributions received in the most recent fiscal year.

Distributable  earnings  ('DE') is  a  non-IFRS  measure  that  provides  insight  into  earnings  received  by  the Corporation that are available for distribution to common shareholders or to be reinvested into the business. It is calculated as the sum of distributions from our Asset Management business, operating earnings from our insurance solutions  business,  distributions  received  from  our  ownership  of  investments,  realized  carried  interest  and disposition gains from principal investments, net of Corporate Activities FFO, preferred share dividends and equitybased compensation costs.

Economic ownership interest represents the company's proportionate equity interest in our listed partnerships which can include redemption-exchange units ('REUs'), Class A limited partnership units, special limited partnership units and general partnership units in each subsidiary, where applicable, as well as any units or shares issued in subsidiaries that are exchangeable for units in our listed partnerships ('exchange units'). REUs and exchange units share  the  same  economic  attributes  as  the  Class  A  limited  partnership  units  in  all  respects  except  for  our redemption right, which the listed partnership can satisfy through the issuance of Class A limited partnership units. The REUs, general partnership units and exchange units participate in earnings and distributions on a per unit basis equivalent to the per unit participation of the Class A limited partnership units of the subsidiary.

Fee-bearing capital represents the capital committed, pledged or invested in the perpetual affiliates, private funds and liquid strategies that are managed by our asset management business which entitles that business to earn fee revenues. Fee-bearing capital includes both called ('invested') and uncalled ('pledged' or 'committed') amounts. When reconciling period amounts, we utilize the following definitions:

- Inflows include capital commitments and contributions to our private and liquid strategies funds and equity issuances in our perpetual affiliates.
- Outflows represent distributions and redemptions of capital from within the liquid strategies capital.
- Distributions represent quarterly distributions from perpetual affiliates as well as returns of committed capital (excluding market valuation adjustments), redemptions and expiry of uncalled commitments within the private funds of our asset management business.
- Market valuation includes  gains  (losses)  on  portfolio  investments,  perpetual  affiliates  and  liquid  strategies based on market prices.
- Other includes  changes  in  net  non-recourse  leverage  included  in  the  determination  of  perpetual  affiliate capitalization and the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations on non-U.S. dollar commitments.

Long-term  private  funds are  long  duration  and  closed-end  in  nature  and  include  value-add  and  opportunistic strategies. Capital is typically committed for 10 years from the inception of the fund with two one-year extension options.

Perpetual strategies include capital in our perpetual affiliates and perpetual private funds, which includes core and core plus strategies that can continually raise new capital.

Liquid strategies represent publicly listed funds and separately managed accounts, focused on fixed income and equity securities across a number of difference sectors.

Fee-related earnings is  a  non-IFRS  measure  and  is  comprised  of  fee  revenues  less  direct  costs  associated  with earning those fees, which include employee expenses and professional fees as well as business related technology costs,  other  shared  services  and  taxes.  We  use  this  measure  to  provide  additional  insight  into  the  operating profitability  of  our  asset  management  activities.  See  below  for  a  table  which  reconciles  fee-related  earnings  and total FFO to net income, the most comparable IFRS measure.

Fee revenues is a non-IFRS measure and includes base management fees, incentive distributions, performance fees and  transaction  fees  presented  within  our  Asset  Management  segment.  Many  of  these  items  do  not  appear  in consolidated revenues because they are earned from consolidated entities and are eliminated on consolidation. The following table reconciles fee revenues to revenue, the most comparable IFRS measure:

| FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Revenue  ...........................................................................................................................................................  $  92,769  $  75,731  Add: revenues from Oaktree  1,165  1,062  Add: inter-segment and other revenues  ..................................................................................................  2,230  2,155  Less: external revenues from consolidated subsidiaries of other segments  ..................................  (92,116)  (75,425)  Fee Revenues  ..................................................................................................................................................  $  4,048  $  3,523   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Funds from operations ('FFO') is  a  key  measure of our financial performance. We use FFO to assess operating results and the performance of our businesses on a segmented basis. While we use segment FFO as our segment measure of profit and loss (see Note 3 to our consolidated audited financial statements), the sum of FFO for all our segments, or total FFO, is a non-IFRS measure.

The following table reconciles total FFO, fee-related earnings, and distributable earnings to net income:

| Total  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Net income  ..................................................................................................................................................  $  5,195  $  12,388  Financial statement components not included in FFO:  Equity accounted fair value changes and other non-FFO items  1  ..................................................  1,840  1,355  Fair value changes  ....................................................................................................................................  977  (5,151)  Depreciation and amortization  .............................................................................................................  7,683  6,437  Deferred income taxes  ...........................................................................................................................  191  1,210  Realized disposition gains in fair value changes or equity  ................................................................  903  2,861  Non-controlling interests in FFO  2  ............................................................................................................  (10,495)  (11,542)  Total FFO  ......................................................................................................................................................  6,294  7,558  Less: total disposition gains  ......................................................................................................................  (1,121)  (3,082)  Less: net invested capital FFO  ..................................................................................................................  (2,655)  (1,952)  Less: FFO from asset management business  .......................................................................................  (1,963)  (1,809)  Less: realized carried interest, net  ..........................................................................................................  (555)  (715)  Corporate activities  .....................................................................................................................................  (595)  (462)  Insurance solutions operating earnings  ................................................................................................  388  30  Distributions from investments  ...............................................................................................................  2,558  2,128  Distributions from asset management business  .................................................................................  2,061  1,892  Add back: equity-based compensation costs  .......................................................................................  62  36  Preferred share dividends  .........................................................................................................................  (160)  (157)  Distributable earnings before realizations  ......................................................................................  4,314  3,467  Realized carried interest, net  ....................................................................................................................  555  715  Disposition gains from principal investments  ......................................................................................  360  2,100  Distributable earnings  ............................................................................................................................  $  5,229  $  6,282   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Other non-FFO items correspond to amounts that are not directly related to revenue earning activities and are not normal or recurring items necessary for business operations. In addition, this adjustment is to back out non-FFO expenses (income) that are included in consolidated equity accounted income including depreciation and amortization, deferred taxes and fair value changes from equity accounted investments.

2. Amounts attributable to non-controlling interests are calculated based on the economic ownership interests held by non-controlling interests in consolidated subsidiaries. By adjusting FFO attributable to non-controlling interests, we are able to remove the portion of FFO earned at nonwholly owned subsidiaries that is not attributable to Brookfield.

We use FFO to assess our performance. FFO includes the fees that we earn from our asset management business managing capital as well as our share of revenues earned and costs incurred within our operations, which include interest expense and other costs. Specifically, FFO includes the impact of contracts that we enter into to generate revenue,  including  asset  management  agreements,  power  sales  agreements,  contracts  that  our  operating businesses enter into such as leases and take or pay contracts and sales of inventory. FFO also includes the impact of changes in borrowings or the cost of borrowings as well as other costs incurred to operate our business.

We  use  realized  disposition  gains  and  losses  within  FFO  in  order  to  provide  additional  insight  regarding  the performance of investments on a cumulative realized basis, including any unrealized fair value adjustments that were recorded in equity and not otherwise reflected in current period FFO, and believe it is useful to investors to better understand variances between reporting periods. We exclude depreciation and amortization from FFO as we believe  that  the  value  of  most  of  our  assets  typically  increases  over  time,  provided  we  make  the  necessary maintenance  expenditures,  the  timing  and  magnitude  of  which  may  differ  from  the  amount  of  depreciation recorded in any given period. In addition, the depreciated cost base of our assets is reflected in the ultimate realized

disposition gain or loss on disposal. As noted above, unrealized fair value changes are excluded from FFO until the period in which the asset is sold. We also exclude deferred income taxes from FFO because the vast majority of the company's deferred income tax assets and liabilities are a result of the revaluation of our assets under IFRS.

Our definition of FFO differs from the definition used by other organizations, as well as the definition of FFO used by the Real Property Association of Canada ('REALPAC') and the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, Inc. ('NAREIT'), in part because the NAREIT definition is based on U.S. GAAP, as opposed to IFRS. The key difference between our definition  of  FFO  and  the  determination  of  FFO  by  REALPAC  and/or  NAREIT  is  that  we  include  the following: realized disposition gains or losses and cash taxes payable or receivable on those gains or losses, if any; foreign exchange gains or losses on monetary items not forming part of our net investment in foreign operations; and foreign exchange gains or losses on the sale of an investment in a foreign operation. We do not use FFO as a measure of cash generated from our operations.

Incentive distributions is an IFRS measure and is determined by contractual arrangements; incentive distributions are  paid  to  our  asset  management  business  by  BEP  and  BIP  and  represent  a  portion  of  distributions  paid  by perpetual affiliates  above  a  predetermined hurdle. Incentive distributions are accrued on the record date of the associated distributions of the entity.

A summary of our distribution hurdles and current distribution rates is as follows:

| AS AT DEC. 31, 2022  Current  Distribution  Rate  1  Distribution  Hurdles  (per unit)  2  Incentive  Distributions  Brookfield Infrastructure (BIP)  3  ..................................................  $  1.44  $  0.49  / $  0.53  15% / 25%  Brookfield Renewable (BEP)  4  ......................................................  1.35  0.80  /  0.90  15% / 25%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Current rate based on most recently announced distribution rates.

2. Incentive distributions equate to 18% and 33% of limited partner distribution increases over the first and second hurdles, respectively.

3. Incentive distributions from Brookfield Infrastructure are earned on distributions made by BIP and BIPC.

4. Incentive distributions from Brookfield Renewable are earned on distributions made by BEP and BEPC.

Invested capital consists of our perpetual investments, which include our interests in BAM and perpetual affiliates, other investments and corporate activities. Our invested capital provides us with FFO and cash distributions.

Invested capital, net consists of invested capital and leverage.

Leverage represents the amount of corporate borrowings and perpetual preferred shares held by the company.

Long-term average ('LTA') generation is used in our Renewable Power and Transition segment and is determined based  on  expected  electrical  generation  from  its  assets  in  commercial  operation  during  the  year.  For  assets acquired or reaching commercial operation during the year, LTA generation is calculated from the acquisition or commercial  operation  date.  In  Brazil,  assured  generation  levels  are  used  as  a  proxy  for  LTA.  We  compare  LTA generation to actual generation levels to assess the impact on revenues and FFO of hydrology, wind generation levels and irradiance, which vary from one period to the next.

Performance  fees is  an  IFRS  measure.  Performance  fees  are  paid  to  our  asset  management  business  when  it exceeds predetermined investment returns within BBU and BBUC and on certain liquid strategies portfolios. BBU and BBUC performance fees are accrued quarterly based on the volume-weighted average increase in BBU unit price over the previous threshold, whereas performance fees within liquid strategies funds are typically determined on an annual basis. Performance fees are not subject to clawback.

Proportionate basis generation is  used  in  our  Renewable  Power  and  Transition  segment  to  describe  the  total amount of power generated by facilities held by BEP, at BEP's respective economic ownership interest percentage.

Realized disposition gains/losses is  a  component of FFO and includes gains or losses arising from transactions during the reporting period together with any fair value changes and revaluation surplus recorded in prior periods, presented net of cash taxes payable or receivable. Realized disposition gains include amounts that are recorded in net income, other comprehensive income and as ownership changes in our consolidated statements of equity, and exclude  amounts  attributable  to  non-controlling  interests  unless  otherwise  noted.  We  use  realized  disposition

gains/losses to provide additional insight regarding the performance of investments on a cumulative realized basis, including any unrealized fair value adjustments that were recorded in prior periods and not otherwise reflected in current period FFO, and believe it is useful to investors to better understand variances between reporting periods.

Same-store or same-property represents the earnings contribution from assets or investments held throughout both  the  current  and  prior  reporting  period  on  a  constant  ownership  basis.  We  utilize  same-store  analysis  to illustrate the growth in earnings excluding the impact of acquisitions or dispositions.

Unrealized  carried  interest is  the  change  in  accumulated  unrealized  carried  interest  from  prior  period  and represents the amount of carried interest generated during the period. We use this measure to provide insight into the value our investments have created in the period.

Accumulated  unrealized  carried  interest is  based  on  carried  interest  that  would  be  receivable  under  the contractual formula at the period end date as if a fund was liquidated and all investments had been monetized at the  values  recorded  on  that  date.  We  use  this  measure  to  provide  insight  into  our  potential  to  realize  carried interest  in  the  future.  Details  of  components  of  our  accumulated  unrealized  carried  interest  are  included  in  the definition of unrealized carried interest below.

Accumulated unrealized carried interest, net is accumulated unrealized carried interest after direct costs, which include employee expenses and taxes.

The following table summarizes the accumulated unrealized carried interest in the current and prior years:

| Accumulated Unrealized  Carried Interest  Change  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  2020  2022 vs.  2021  2021 vs.  2020  Real Estate  ............................................................................  $  2,573  $  2,147  $  855  $  426  $  1,292  Infrastructure  ......................................................................  2,777  2,064  1,492  713  572  Private Equity  .......................................................................  851  1,027  599  (176)  428  Credit and other  ..................................................................  1,882  1,547  1,078  335  469  Accumulated unrealized carried interest  ......................  8,083  6,785  4,024  1,298  2,761  Less: associated expenses  1  ..............................................  (2,474)  (2,066)  (1,423)  (408)  (643)  Accumulated unrealized carried interest, net  ..............  $  5,609  $  4,719  $  2,601  $  890  $  2,118   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Carried interest generated is subject to taxes and long-term incentive expenses to investment professionals. These expenses are typically 30-35% of carried interest generated.

## Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

## MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

Management of Brookfield Corporation (Brookfield) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer and effected by the Board of Directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance  regarding  the  reliability  of  financial  reporting  and  the  preparation  of  financial  statements  for  external  purposes  in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board as defined in Regulation 240.13a-15(f) or 240.15d-15(f).

Management assessed the effectiveness of Brookfield's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management concludes that, as of December 31, 2022, Brookfield's internal control over  financial  reporting  is  effective.  Management  excluded  from  its  assessment  the  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  at Scientific  Games,  LLC,  La  Trobe  Financial  Services  Pty  Limited,  CDK  Global,  Inc.,  Magnati  -  Sole  Proprietorship  LLC,  Unidas Locadora  S.A.,  BHI  Energy,  Inc.,  TexTrail  Inc.,  Cupa  Finance  SL,  CNC  Consolidated  Limited,  the  German  office  portfolio,  the Belgian office portfolio, the Irish real estate investment trust, Watermark Lodging Trust, the 20 GW portfolio of utility-scale solar and energy storage development assets in the United States, the integrated distributed generation developer with approximately 500 MW of contracted operating and under construction assets and 1.8 GW of development pipeline in the United States, and the renewable developer with a portfolio of over 800 MW of operating wind assets and pipeline of over 22 GW in the United States, which were acquired during 2022, and whose total assets, net assets, revenues and net income constitute approximately 11%, 11%, 4% and -7%, respectively, of the consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022.

Brookfield's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by Deloitte LLP, the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, who also audited Brookfield's consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. As stated in the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, Deloitte LLP expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of Brookfield's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Bruce Flatt Chief Executive Officer

Nicholas Goodman President and Chief Financial Officer

March 24, 2023 Toronto, Canada

## REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Brookfield Corporation

## Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Brookfield Corporation and subsidiaries (the 'Corporation') as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Corporation maintained, in all material respects, effective  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  as  of  December  31,  2022,  based  on  criteria  established  in Internal  Control  Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.

We  have  also  audited,  in  accordance  with  the  standards  of  the  Public  Company  Accounting  Oversight  Board  (United  States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 of the Corporation and our report dated March 24, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.

As described in Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, management excluded from its assessment the internal control over financial reporting at Scientific Games, LLC, La Trobe Financial Services Pty Limited, CDK Global, Inc., Magnati - Sole Proprietorship LLC, Unidas Locadora S.A., BHI Energy, Inc., TexTrail Inc., Cupa Finance SL, CNC Consolidated Limited, the German office portfolio, the Belgian office portfolio, the Irish real estate investment trust, Watermark Lodging Trust, the 20 GW portfolio of utility-scale solar and energy storage development assets in the United States, the integrated distributed generation developer with approximately 500 MW of contracted operating and under construction assets and 1.8 GW of development pipeline in the United States, and the renewable developer with a portfolio of over 800 MW of operating wind assets and pipeline of over 22 GW in the United States, which were acquired during 2022, and whose financial statements constitute, in aggregate, 11% of total assets, 11% of net assets, 4% of revenues, and -7% of net income of the consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. Accordingly, our audit did not include the internal control over financial reporting at Scientific Games, LLC, La Trobe Financial Services Pty Limited, CDK Global, Inc., Magnati - Sole Proprietorship LLC, Unidas Locadora S.A., BHI Energy, Inc., TexTrail Inc., Cupa Finance SL, CNC Consolidated Limited, the German office portfolio, the Belgian office portfolio, the Irish real estate investment trust, Watermark Lodging Trust, the 20 GW portfolio of utility-scale solar and energy storage development assets in the United States, the integrated distributed generation developer with approximately 500 MW of contracted operating and under construction assets and 1.8 GW of development pipeline in the United States, and the renewable developer with a portfolio of over 800 MW of operating wind assets and pipeline of over 22 GW in the United States.

## Basis for Opinion

The Corporation's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of  the  effectiveness  of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting,  included  in  the  accompanying  Management's  Report  on  Internal Control  Over  Financial  Reporting.  Our  responsibility  is  to  express  an  opinion  on  the  Corporation's  internal  control  over  financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Corporation in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other  procedures  as  we  considered  necessary  in  the  circumstances.  We  believe  that  our  audit  provides  a  reasonable  basis  for  our opinion.

## Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  A  company's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  includes  those  policies  and  procedures  that  (1)  pertain  to  the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance  with  authorizations  of  management  and  directors  of  the  company;  and  (3)  provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ Deloitte LLP

Chartered Professional Accountants Licensed Public Accountants

Toronto, Canada March 24, 2023

## MANAGEMENT'S RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The accompanying consolidated financial statements and other financial information in this Annual Report have been prepared by the company's management which is responsible for their integrity, consistency, objectivity and reliability. To fulfill this responsibility, the company maintains policies, procedures and systems of internal control to ensure that its reporting practices and accounting and administrative procedures are appropriate to provide a high degree of assurance that is relevant and reliable financial information is produced and assets are safeguarded. These controls include the careful selection and training of employees, the establishment of welldefined areas of responsibility and accountability for performance, and the communication of policies and code of conduct throughout the company. In addition, the company maintains an internal audit group that conducts periodic audits of the company's operations. The Chief Internal Auditor has full access to the Audit Committee.

These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International  Accounting Standards Board and, where appropriate, reflect estimates based on management's judgment. The financial  information  presented  throughout  this  Annual  Report  is  consistent  with  the  information  contained  in  the  accompanying consolidated financial statements.

Deloitte  LLP,  the  Independent  Registered  Public  Accounting  Firm  appointed  by  the  shareholders,  have  audited  the  consolidated financial statements set out on pages 142 through 227 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board  (United  States)  to  enable  them  to  express  to  the  shareholders  and  the  board  of  directors  their  opinion  on  the  consolidated financial statements. Their report is set out on the following page.

The consolidated financial statements have been further reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors acting through its Audit Committee, which is comprised of directors who are neither officers nor employees of the company. The Audit Committee, which meets with the auditors and management to review the activities of each and reports to the Board of Directors, oversees management's responsibilities  for  the  financial  reporting  and  internal  control  systems.  The  auditors  have  full  and  direct  access  to  the  Audit Committee and meet periodically with the committee both with and without management present to discuss their audit and related findings.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Bruce Flatt Chief Executive Officer

Nicholas Goodman President and Chief Financial Officer

March 24, 2023 Toronto, Canada

## REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Brookfield Corporation

## Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Brookfield Corporation and subsidiaries (the 'Corporation') as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows, for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the 'financial statements'). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Corporation as of  December  31,  2022  and  2021,  and  its  financial  performance  and  its  cash  flows  for  each  of  the  two  years  in  the  period  ended December  31,  2022,  in  accordance  with  International  Financial  Reporting  Standards  as  issued  by  the  International  Accounting Standards Board.

We  have  also  audited,  in  accordance  with  the  standards  of  the  Public  Company  Accounting  Oversight  Board  (United  States) (PCAOB),  the  Corporation's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  as  of  December  31,  2022,  based  on  criteria  established  in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 24, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting.

## Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Corporation's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Corporation's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to  be  independent with respect to the Corporation in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Critical Audit Matter

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to  the  financial  statements  and  (2)  involved  our  especially  challenging,  subjective,  or  complex  judgments.  The  communication  of critical  audit  matters  does  not  alter  in  any  way  our  opinion  on  the  financial  statements,  taken  as  a  whole,  and  we  are  not,  by communicating  the  critical  audit  matter  below,  providing  a  separate  opinion  on  the  critical  audit  matter  or  on  the  accounts  or disclosures to which it relates.

## Fair Value of Investment Properties and Property, Plant and Equipment - Refer to Notes 2(h)(i), 2(h)(ii), 11, and 12 to the financial statements

## Critical Audit Matter Description

The Corporation has elected the fair value model for investment properties and the revaluation model for certain classes of property, plant  and  equipment,  namely  the  Corporation's  renewable  power  generating,  utilities,  transport,  midstream,  data,  and  hospitality operating  assets.  The  Corporation  measures  these  assets  at  fair  value  or  revalued  amount  subsequent  to  initial  recognition  on  the balance sheet.

The investment properties and certain classes of property, plant and equipment have limited observable market activity, which requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions in the determination of fair value. The estimates and assumptions with the highest degree of subjectivity and impact on fair values are future expected market rents and revenues, operating margins, terminal value multiples, terminal capitalization rates, and discount rates. Auditing these estimates and assumptions required a high degree of auditor judgment as the estimations made by management contains significant measurement uncertainty. This resulted in an increased extent of audit effort, including the need to involve fair value specialists.

## How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

Our  audit  procedures  related  to  future  expected  market  rents  and  revenues,  operating  margins,  terminal  value  multiples,  terminal capitalization  rates,  and  discount  rates  of  investment  properties  and  certain  classes  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  included  the following, among others:

- Evaluated the effectiveness of controls, including those related to management's process for determining investment properties and certain classes of property, plant and equipment fair values including those over determining future expected market rents and revenues, operating margins, terminal value multiples, terminal capitalization rates, and discount rates.
- Tested  management's  future  expected  market  rents  and  revenues,  operating  margins,  terminal  value  multiples,  terminal capitalization  rates,  and  discount  rates  through  independent  analysis  and  comparison  to  external  sources  including  objective contractual information, and observable economic indicators, where applicable.
- Evaluated management's ability to accurately estimate fair value and future expected market rents and revenues and operating margins by comparing management's historical fair value estimates to market transactions and forecasts to actual results.
- Evaluated the impact of current market events and conditions, including relevant comparable transactions, on the assumptions used by management.
- With  the  assistance  of  fair  value  specialists,  evaluated  the  reasonableness  of  management's  determination  of  terminal  value multiples, terminal capitalization rates, and discount rates by (1) testing the source information underlying the determination of terminal value multiples, terminal capitalization rates, and discount rates; (2) developing a range of independent estimates and comparing those to the terminal value multiples, terminal capitalization rates, and discount rates selected by management; and (3) considering recent market transactions and industry surveys.

## /s/ Deloitte LLP

Chartered Professional Accountants Licensed Public Accountants

Toronto, Canada March 24, 2023

We have served as the Corporation's auditor since 1971.

## Consolidated Financial Statements

## CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  Note  2022  2021  Assets  Cash and cash equivalents  ...........................................................................................................  6  $  14,396  $  12,694  Other financial assets  ..................................................................................................................  6  26,899  16,546  Accounts receivable and other  ....................................................................................................  7  27,378  21,760  Inventory  .....................................................................................................................................  8  12,843  11,415  Assets classified as held for sale  .................................................................................................  9  2,830  11,958  Equity accounted investments  .....................................................................................................  10  47,094  46,100  Investment properties  ..................................................................................................................  11  115,100  100,865  Property, plant and equipment  ....................................................................................................  12  124,268  115,489  Intangible assets  ..........................................................................................................................  13  38,411  30,609  Goodwill  ......................................................................................................................................  14  28,662  20,227  Deferred income tax assets  ..........................................................................................................  15  3,403  3,340  Total assets  ....................................................................................................................................  $  441,284  $  391,003  Liabilities and equity  Corporate borrowings  ..................................................................................................................  16  $  11,390  $  10,875  Accounts payable and other  ........................................................................................................  17  57,065  52,546  Liabilities associated with assets classified as held for sale  ........................................................  9  876  3,148  Non-recourse borrowings of managed entities  ............................................................................  18  202,684  165,057  Deferred income tax liabilities  ....................................................................................................  15  23,190  20,328  Subsidiary equity obligations  ......................................................................................................  19  4,188  4,308  Equity  Preferred equity  ...........................................................................................................................  21  4,145  4,145  Non-controlling interests  .............................................................................................................  21  98,138  88,386  Common equity  ...........................................................................................................................  21  39,608  42,210  Total equity  ....................................................................................................................................  141,891  134,741  Total liabilities and equity  ...........................................................................................................  $  441,284  $  391,003   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

| FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)  Note  2022  2021  Revenues  ..................................................................................................................................  22  $  92,769  $  75,731  Direct costs  ..............................................................................................................................  23  (78,511)  (64,000)  Other income and gains  ...........................................................................................................  1,594  3,099  Equity accounted income  .........................................................................................................  10  2,613  2,451  Expenses  Interest  ..................................................................................................................................  (10,702)  (7,604)  Corporate costs  .....................................................................................................................  (122)  (116)  Fair value changes  ...................................................................................................................  24  (977)  5,151  Income taxes  ............................................................................................................................  15  (1,469)  (2,324)  Net income  ...............................................................................................................................  $  5,195  $  12,388  Net income attributable to:  Shareholders  .........................................................................................................................  $  2,056  $  3,966  Non-controlling interests  ......................................................................................................  3,139  8,422  $  5,195  $  12,388  Net income per share:  Diluted  ..................................................................................................................................  21  $  1.19  $  2.39  Basic  .....................................................................................................................................  21  1.22  2.47   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

| FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  Note  2022  2021  Net income  ................................................................................................................................  $  5,195  $  12,388  Other comprehensive income  Items that may be reclassified to net income  Financial contracts and power sale agreements  ...................................................................  1,917  517  Marketable securities  ...........................................................................................................  (773)  214  Equity accounted investments  ..............................................................................................  10  (508)  43  Foreign currency translation  ................................................................................................  (1,932)  (1,910)  Income taxes  ........................................................................................................................  15  (310)  (64)  (1,606)  (1,200)  Items that will not be reclassified to net income  Revaluation of property, plant and equipment  .....................................................................  12  5,387  6,135  Revaluation of pension obligations  ......................................................................................  17  308  545  Equity accounted investments  ..............................................................................................  10  360  893  Marketable securities  ...........................................................................................................  (207)  568  Income taxes  ........................................................................................................................  15  (1,213)  (1,707)  4,635  6,434  Other comprehensive income  ...................................................................................................  3,029  5,234  Comprehensive income  .............................................................................................................  $  8,224  $  17,622  Attributable to:  Shareholders  Net income  ...........................................................................................................................  $  2,056  $  3,966  Other comprehensive (loss) income  .....................................................................................  (263)  1,844  Comprehensive income  ........................................................................................................  $  1,793  $  5,810  Non-controlling interests  Net income  ...........................................................................................................................  $  3,139  $  8,422  Other comprehensive income  ..............................................................................................  3,292  3,390  Comprehensive income  ........................................................................................................  $  6,431  $  11,812   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

| Accumulated Other  Comprehensive Income (Loss)  AS AT AND FOR THE YEAR  ENDED DEC. 31, 2022  (MILLIONS)  Common  Share  Capital  Contributed  Surplus  Retained  Earnings  Ownership  Changes  2  Revaluation  Surplus  Currency  Translation  Other  Reserves  3  Total  Common  Equity  Preferred  Equity  Non-  controlling  Interests  Total  Equity  Balance as at  December 31, 2021  ..............  $  10,538  $  320  $  17,705  $  6,243  $  8,281  $  (2,287)  $  1,410  $  42,210  $  4,145  $  88,386  $  134,741  Changes in period:  Net income  ..............................  -  -  2,056  -  -  -  -  2,056  -  3,139  5,195  Other comprehensive income  (loss)  .....................................  -  -  -  -  884  (542)  (605)  (263)  -  3,292  3,029  Comprehensive income  (loss)  .....................................  -  -  2,056  -  884  (542)  (605)  1,793  -  6,431  8,224  Shareholder distributions  Common equity  ..................  -  -  (879)  -  -  -  -  (879)  -  -  (879)  Preferred equity  ..................  -  -  (150)  -  -  -  -  (150)  -  -  (150)  Non-controlling interests  ....  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (11,102)  (11,102)  Other items  Equity issuances, net of  redemptions  ......................  363  (287)  (641)  -  -  -  -  (565)  -  10,786  10,221  Share-based compensation  .  -  115  (157)  -  -  -  -  (42)  -  -  (42)  Ownership changes  1  ...........  -  -  72  (3,284)  357  3  93  (2,759)  -  3,637  878  Total change in year  ..............  363  (172)  301  (3,284)  1,241  (539)  (512)  (2,602)  -  9,752  7,150  Balance as at  December 31, 2022  ................  $  10,901  $  148  $  18,006  $  2,959  $  9,522  $  (2,826)  $  898  $  39,608  $  4,145  $  98,138  $  141,891   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Includes a non-cash distribution of $2.4 billion made on December 9, 2022 relating to the special distribution of a 25% interest in our asset management business.

2. Includes gains or losses on changes in ownership interests of consolidated subsidiaries.

3. Includes changes in fair value of marketable securities, cash flow hedges, actuarial changes on pension plans and equity accounted other comprehensive income, net of associated income taxes.

| Accumulated Other  Comprehensive Income (Loss)  AS AT AND FOR THE YEAR  ENDED DEC. 31, 2021  (MILLIONS)  Common  Share  Capital  Contributed  Surplus  Retained  Earnings  Ownership  Changes  1  Revaluation  Surplus  Currency  Translation  Other  Reserves  2  Total  Common  Equity  Preferred  Equity  Non-  controlling  Interests  Total  Equity  Balance as at  December 31, 2020  .............  $  7,368  $  285  $  15,178  $  2,691  $  7,530  $  (2,133)  $  774  $  31,693  $  4,145  $  86,804  $  122,642  Changes in period:  Net income  ..............................  -  -  3,966  -  -  -  -  3,966  -  8,422  12,388  Other comprehensive income  (loss)  .....................................  -  -  -  -  1,502  (318)  660  1,844  -  3,390  5,234  Comprehensive income  (loss)  .....................................  -  -  3,966  -  1,502  (318)  660  5,810  -  11,812  17,622  Shareholder distributions  Common equity  ..................  -  -  (1,338)  -  -  -  -  (1,338)  -  -  (1,338)  Preferred equity  ..................  -  -  (148)  -  -  -  -  (148)  -  -  (148)  Non-controlling interests  ....  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (8,163)  (8,163)  Other items  Equity issuances, net of  redemptions  ......................  3,170  (32)  (325)  -  -  -  -  2,813  -  2,468  5,281  Share-based compensation  .  -  67  (21)  -  -  -  -  46  -  -  46  Ownership changes  .............  -  -  393  3,552  (751)  164  (24)  3,334  -  (4,535)  (1,201)  Total change in year  ..............  3,170  35  2,527  3,552  751  (154)  636  10,517  -  1,582  12,099  Balance as at  December 31, 2021  ................  $  10,538  $  320  $  17,705  $  6,243  $  8,281  $  (2,287)  $  1,410  $  42,210  $  4,145  $  88,386  $  134,741   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Includes gains or losses on changes in ownership interests of consolidated subsidiaries.

2. Includes changes in fair value of marketable securities, cash flow hedges, actuarial changes on pension plans and equity accounted other comprehensive income, net of associated income taxes.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

| FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  Note  2022  2021  Operating activities  Net income  .............................................................................................................................  $  5,195  $  12,388  Other income and gains  .........................................................................................................  (1,594)  (3,099)  Share of undistributed equity accounted earnings  .................................................................  (355)  (693)  Fair value changes  .................................................................................................................  24  977  (5,151)  Depreciation and amortization  ...............................................................................................  23  7,683  6,437  Deferred income taxes  ...........................................................................................................  15  191  1,210  Investments in residential inventory  ......................................................................................  (119)  (34)  Net change in non-cash working capital balances  .................................................................  (3,227)  (3,184)  8,751  7,874  Financing activities  Corporate borrowings arranged  .............................................................................................  1,567  1,350  Corporate borrowings repaid  .................................................................................................  -  (526)  Commercial paper and bank borrowings, net  ........................................................................  (912)  912  Non-recourse borrowings arranged  .......................................................................................  89,459  80,376  Non-recourse borrowings repaid  ...........................................................................................  (61,067)  (61,923)  Non-recourse credit facilities, net  ..........................................................................................  6,869  6,222  Subsidiary equity obligations issued  .....................................................................................  75  450  Subsidiary equity obligations redeemed  ................................................................................  (563)  (1,314)  Deposits from related parties  .................................................................................................  27  1,563  806  Deposits provided to related parties  ......................................................................................  27  (35)  (1,155)  Capital provided from non-controlling interests  ...................................................................  15,263  14,190  Capital repaid to non-controlling interests  ............................................................................  (4,477)  (11,722)  Repayment of lease liabilities  ................................................................................................  (773)  (1,411)  Settlement of deferred consideration  .....................................................................................  (1,706)  -  Common shares issued  ..........................................................................................................  14  23  Common shares repurchased  .................................................................................................  (686)  (368)  Distributions to non-controlling interests  ..............................................................................  (11,102)  (8,163)  Distributions to shareholders  .................................................................................................  (1,029)  (1,486)  32,460  16,261  Investing activities  Acquisitions  Investment properties  ..........................................................................................................  (9,664)  (11,286)  Property, plant and equipment  .............................................................................................  (7,236)  (6,881)  Equity accounted investments  .............................................................................................  (5,142)  (3,708)  Financial assets and other  ....................................................................................................  (67,974)  (35,058)  Acquisition of subsidiaries  ..................................................................................................  (26,306)  (14,559)  Dispositions  Investment properties  ..........................................................................................................  3,874  6,219  Property, plant and equipment  .............................................................................................  595  723  Equity accounted investments  .............................................................................................  1,645  1,711  Financial assets and other  ....................................................................................................  63,953  35,622  Disposition of subsidiaries  ...................................................................................................  6,325  5,952  Restricted cash and deposits  ..................................................................................................  280  220  (39,650)  (21,045)  Cash and cash equivalents  Change in cash and cash equivalents  .....................................................................................  1,561  3,090  Net change in cash classified within assets held for sale  ......................................................  158  (207)  Foreign exchange revaluation  ................................................................................................  (17)  (122)  Balance, beginning of year  ....................................................................................................  12,694  9,933  Balance, end of year  ..............................................................................................................  $  14,396  $  12,694  Supplemental cash flow disclosures  Income taxes paid  ..................................................................................................................  $  1,079  $  1,116  Interest paid  ...........................................................................................................................  $  9,009  $  7,001   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 1. ORGANIZATION AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

Brookfield Corporation (the 'Corporation', formerly known as Brookfield Asset Management Inc.) is focused on deploying its capital on a value basis and compounding it over the long term. Employing a disciplined investment approach, we leverage our deep expertise as an owner and operator of real assets, as well as the scale and flexibility of our capital, to create value and deliver strong risk-adjusted returns across market cycles. References in these financial statements to 'Brookfield,' 'us,' 'we,' 'our'  or  'the  company'  refer  to  the  Corporation  and  its  direct  and  indirect  subsidiaries  and  consolidated  entities.  The Corporation is listed on the New York and Toronto stock exchanges under the symbol BN. The Corporation was formed by articles of amalgamation under the Business Corporations Act (Ontario) and is registered in Ontario, Canada. On December 9, 2022, the Corporation filed the articles of arrangement and articles of amendment by arrangement to change its name from Brookfield Asset Management Inc. to Brookfield Corporation. The registered office of the Corporation is Brookfield Place, 181 Bay Street, Suite 100, Toronto, Ontario, M5J 2T3.

## Capital Management

The company utilizes the Corporation's Capital to manage the business in a number of ways, including operating performance, value  creation,  credit  metrics  and  capital  efficiency.  The  performance  of  the  Corporation's  Capital  is  closely  tracked  and monitored by the company's key management personnel and evaluated relative to management's objectives. The primary goal of the company is to earn a 15% + return compounded over the long term while always maintaining excess capital to support ongoing operations.

The Corporation's Capital consists of the capital invested in its asset management business, including investments in entities that  it  manages,  its  corporate  investments  that  are  held  outside  of  managed  entities  and  its  net  working  capital.  The Corporation's Capital is funded with common equity, preferred equity and corporate borrowings issued by the Corporation.

As at December 31, 2022, the Corporation's Capital totaled $57.8 billion (December 31, 2021 - $57.5 billion), and is computed as follows:

| AS AT DEC.31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Cash and cash equivalents  .........................................................................................................................  $  1,564  $  1,197  Other financial assets  .................................................................................................................................  6,959  3,430  Common equity in managed investments  ..................................................................................................  44,413  46,248  Other assets and liabilities of the Corporation  ...........................................................................................  4,895  6,585  Corporation's Capital  .................................................................................................................................  $  57,831  $  57,460  Corporation's Capital is comprised of the following:  Common equity  .......................................................................................................................................  $  39,608  $  42,210  Preferred equity  .......................................................................................................................................  4,145  4,145  Non-controlling interest  ..........................................................................................................................  2,688  230  Corporate borrowings  ..............................................................................................................................  11,390  10,875  $  57,831  $  57,460   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Corporation generates returns on its capital through management fees and performance revenues earned through its asset management business, distributions or dividends earned from its capital invested in managed entities, and through performance of the Corporation's financial assets. Prudent levels of corporate borrowings and preferred equity are utilized to enhance returns to shareholders' common equity.

A  reconciliation  of  the  Corporation's  Capital  to  the  company's  consolidated  balance  sheet  as  at  December  31,  2022  is  as follows:

| AS AT DEC. 31, 2022  (MILLIONS)  The  Corporation  Managed  Investments  Elimination  1  Total  Consolidated  Cash and cash equivalents  .............................................................  $  1,564  $  12,832  $  -  $  14,396  Other financial assets  ....................................................................  6,959  19,940  -  26,899  Accounts receivable and other  1  ......................................................  3,317  24,310  (249)  27,378  Inventory  ........................................................................................  2  12,841  -  12,843  Assets classified as held for sale  ....................................................  -  2,830  -  2,830  Equity accounted investments  ........................................................  7,151  39,943  -  47,094  Investment properties  .....................................................................  27  115,073  -  115,100  Property, plant and equipment  .......................................................  214  124,054  -  124,268  Intangible assets  .............................................................................  206  38,205  -  38,411  Goodwill  ........................................................................................  354  28,308  -  28,662  Deferred income tax assets  ............................................................  1,769  1,634  -  3,403  Accounts payable and other  1  ..........................................................  (7,123)  (50,191)  249  (57,065)  Liabilities associated with assets classified as held for sale  ..........  -  (876)  -  (876)  Deferred income tax liabilities  .......................................................  (581)  (22,609)  -  (23,190)  Subsidiary equity obligations  .........................................................  (441)  (3,747)  -  (4,188)  Total  ...............................................................................................  13,418  342,547  -  355,965  Common equity in managed investments  2  .....................................  44,413  -  (44,413)  -  Corporation's Capital  57,831  342,547  (44,413)  355,965  Less:  Corporate borrowings  ..................................................................  11,390  -  -  11,390  Non-recourse borrowings of managed entities  ............................  -  202,684  -  202,684  Amounts attributable to preferred equity  ....................................  4,145  -  -  4,145  Amounts attributable to non-controlling interests  .......................  2,688  95,450  -  98,138  Common equity  ............................................................................  $  39,608  $  44,413  $  (44,413)  $  39,608   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Contains  the  gross  up  of  intercompany  balances,  including  accounts  receivable  and  other,  and  accounts  payable  and  other  of  $249  million  and  $249  million, respectively, between entities within the Corporation and its managed investments.

2. Represents the value of the Corporation's managed investments.

Common equity in managed investments is a measure routinely evaluated by our company's key management personnel and represents the net equity in our consolidated financial statements outside of our Corporate Activities and Asset Management segments. This measure is equal to the sum of the common equity in our Renewable Power and Transition, Infrastructure, Private Equity, and Real Estate operating segments.

A  reconciliation  of  the  Corporation's  Capital  to  the  company's  consolidated  balance  sheet  as  at  December  31,  2021  is  as follows:

| AS AT DEC. 31, 2021  (MILLIONS)  The  Corporation  Managed  Investments  Elimination  1  Total  Consolidated  Cash and cash equivalents  .............................................................  $  1,197  $  11,497  $  -  $  12,694  Other financial assets  ....................................................................  3,430  13,116  -  16,546  Accounts receivable and other  1  ......................................................  2,697  19,694  (631)  21,760  Inventory  ........................................................................................  2  11,413  -  11,415  Assets classified as held for sale  ....................................................  -  11,958  -  11,958  Equity accounted investments  ........................................................  6,553  39,547  -  46,100  Investment properties  .....................................................................  16  100,849  -  100,865  Property, plant and equipment  .......................................................  215  115,274  -  115,489  Intangible assets  .............................................................................  215  30,394  -  30,609  Goodwill  ........................................................................................  361  19,866  -  20,227  Deferred income tax assets  ............................................................  2,064  1,276  -  3,340  Accounts payable and other  1  ..........................................................  (5,104)  (48,073)  631  (52,546)  Liabilities associated with assets classified as held for sale  ..........  -  (3,148)  -  (3,148)  Deferred income tax liabilities  .......................................................  (299)  (20,029)  -  (20,328)  Subsidiary equity obligations  .........................................................  (135)  (4,173)  -  (4,308)  Total  ...............................................................................................  11,212  299,461  -  310,673  Common equity in managed investments  2  .....................................  46,248  -  (46,248)  -  Corporation's Capital  57,460  299,461  (46,248)  310,673  Less:  Corporate borrowings  ..................................................................  10,875  -  -  10,875  Non-recourse borrowings of managed entities  ............................  -  165,057  -  165,057  Amounts attributable to preferred equity  ....................................  4,145  -  -  4,145  Amounts attributable to non-controlling interests  .......................  230  88,156  -  88,386  Common equity  ............................................................................  $  42,210  $  46,248  $  (46,248)  $  42,210   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Contains  the  gross  up  of  intercompany  balances,  including  accounts  receivable  and  other,  and  accounts  payable  and  other  of  $631  million  and  $631  million, respectively, between entities within the Corporation and its managed investments.

2. Represents the value of the Corporation's managed investments.

## 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## a) Statement of Compliance

These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ('IASB') ('IFRS').

These consolidated financial statements were authorized for issuance by the Board of Directors of the company on March 24, 2023.

## b) Adoption of Accounting Standards

The company has applied new and revised standards issued by the IASB that are effective for the period beginning on or after January 1, 2022. The new standards were applied as follows:

## i. Amendments to IFRS 3 - Business Combinations ('IFRS 3') - Reference to Conceptual Framework

The amendments add an exception to the recognition principle of IFRS 3 to avoid the issue of potential 'day 2' gains or losses arising from liabilities and contingent liabilities that would be within the scope of IAS 37, Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets ('IAS 37'), or IFRIC 21, Levies ('IFRIC 21'), if incurred separately. The exception requires entities to apply the criteria in IAS 37 or IFRIC 21, respectively, instead of the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ("Conceptual Framework"), to determine whether a present obligation exists at the acquisition date. At the same time, the amendments add a new paragraph to IFRS 3 to clarify that contingent assets do not qualify for recognition at the acquisition date. The amendments apply to annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2022.

The adoption did not have a significant impact on our company's financial reporting.

## c) Future Changes in Accounting Standards

## i. Insurance Contracts

In May 2017, the IASB published IFRS 17, Insurance Contracts ('IFRS 17'), which establishes principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of insurance contracts. IFRS 17 will replace IFRS 4, Insurance Contracts , and will be applied retrospectively. In June 2020, the IASB proposed an amendment to IFRS 17 providing a one-year deferral on the effective  date  of  the  standard  to  January  1,  2023.  IFRS  17  requires  insurance  contract  liabilities  to  be  measured  at  a current fulfillment value and provides a more uniform measurement and presentation approach for all insurance contracts.

The company is currently assessing the impact of IFRS 17 on its operations.

## ii. Amendments to IAS 1 - Presentation of Financial Statements ('IAS 1')

The amendments clarify how to classify debt and other liabilities as current or non-current. The amendments to IAS 1 apply to annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024.

The company is currently assessing the impact of these amendments.

## d Basis of Presentation

The consolidated financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis.

## i. Subsidiaries

The consolidated financial  statements  include  the  accounts  of  the  company  and  its  subsidiaries,  which  are  the  entities  over which the company exercises control. Control exists when the company is able to exercise power over the investee, is exposed to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to use its power over the investee to affect the amount of its returns. Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date control is obtained and continue to be consolidated until the date  when  control  is  lost.  The  company  includes  100%  of  its  subsidiaries'  revenues  and  expenses  in  the  Consolidated Statements of Operations and 100% of its subsidiaries' assets and liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, with noncontrolling  interests  in  the  equity  of  the  company's  subsidiaries  included  within  the  company's  equity.  All  intercompany balances, transactions, unrealized gains and losses are eliminated in full.

The company continually reassesses whether or not it controls an investee, particularly if facts and circumstances indicate there is a change to one or more of the control criteria previously mentioned. In certain circumstances when the company has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it has power over the investee when the voting rights are sufficient to give it

the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee unilaterally. The company considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether or not the company's voting rights are sufficient to give it control of an investee.

Certain of the company's subsidiaries are subject to profit sharing arrangements, such as carried interest, between the company and the non-controlling equity holders, whereby the company is entitled to a participation in profits, as determined under the agreements.  The  attribution  of  net  income  amongst  equity  holders  in  these  subsidiaries  reflects  the  impact  of  these  profitsharing arrangements when the attribution of profits as determined in the agreement is no longer subject to adjustment based on future events and correspondingly reduces non-controlling interests' attributable share of those profits.

Gains or losses resulting from changes in the company's ownership interest of a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are  accounted  for  as  equity  transactions  and  are  recorded  within  ownership  changes  as  a  component  of  equity.  When  we dispose of all or part of a subsidiary resulting in a loss of control, the difference between the carrying value of what is sold and the proceeds from disposition is recognized within other income and gains in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Refer  to  Note  2(r)  for  an  explanation  of  the  company's  accounting  policy  for  business  combinations  and  to  Note  4  for additional information on subsidiaries of the company with significant non-controlling interests.

## ii. Associates and Joint Ventures

Associates are entities over which the company exercises significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in  the  financial  and  operating  policy  decisions  of  the  investee  but  without  control  or  joint  control  over  those  policies.  Joint ventures are joint arrangements whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have the rights to the net assets of the joint arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control over an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control. The company accounts for  associates  and  joint  ventures  using  the  equity  method  of  accounting  within  equity  accounted  investments  on  the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

Interests in associates and joint ventures accounted for using the equity method are initially recognized at cost. At the time of initial  recognition,  if  the  cost  of  the  associate  or  joint  venture  is  lower  than  the  proportionate  share  of  the  investment's underlying  fair  value,  the  company  records  a  gain  on  the  difference  between  the  cost  and  the  underlying  fair  value  of  the investment in net income. If the cost of the associate or joint venture is greater than the company's proportionate share of the underlying fair value, goodwill relating to the associate or joint venture is included in the carrying amount of the investment. Subsequent to initial recognition, the carrying value of the company's interest in an associate or joint venture is adjusted for the company's share of comprehensive income and distributions of the investee. Profit and losses resulting from transactions with an associate or joint venture are recognized in the consolidated financial statements based on the interests of unrelated investors in the investee. The carrying value of associates or joint ventures is assessed for indicators of impairment at each balance sheet date. Impairment losses on equity accounted investments may be subsequently reversed in net income. Further information on the impairment of long-lived assets is available in Note 2(m).

## iii. Joint Operations

A joint operation is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the assets, and obligations for the liabilities, related to the arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement that exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of parties sharing control. The company recognizes only its assets, liabilities  and  share  of  the  results  of  operations  of  the  joint  operation.  The  assets, liabilities  and  results  of  joint  operations  are  included  within  the  respective  line  items  of  the  Consolidated  Balance  Sheets, Consolidated Statements of Operations and Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.

## e)   Foreign Currency Translation

The U.S. dollar is the functional and presentation currency of the company. Each of the company's subsidiaries, associates, joint  ventures  and  joint  operations  determines  its  own  functional  currency  and  items  included  in  the  consolidated  financial statements of each subsidiary, associate, joint venture and joint operation are measured using that functional currency.

Assets and liabilities of foreign operations having a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar are translated at the rate of exchange prevailing at the reporting date and revenues and expenses at average rates during the period. Gains or losses on translation are accumulated as a component of equity. On the disposal of a foreign operation, or the loss of control, joint control or  significant  influence,  the  component  of  accumulated  other  comprehensive  income  relating  to  that  foreign  operation  is reclassified to net income. Gains or losses on foreign currency-denominated balances and transactions that are designated as hedges of net investments in these operations are reported in the same manner.

Foreign  currency-denominated  monetary  assets  and  liabilities  of  the  company  are  translated  using  the  rate  of  exchange prevailing  at  the  reporting  date,  and  non-monetary  assets  and  liabilities  measured  at  fair  value  are  translated  at  the  rate  of

exchange prevailing at the date when the fair value was determined. Revenues and expenses are measured at average rates during the period. Gains or losses on translation of these items are included in net income. Gains or losses on transactions that hedge these items are also included in net income. Foreign currency denominated non-monetary assets and liabilities, measured at historic cost, are translated at the rate of exchange at the transaction date.

## f) Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash  and  cash  equivalents  include  cash  on  hand,  demand  deposits  and  highly  liquid  short-term  investments  with  original maturities of three months or less.

## g)   Related Party Transactions

In  the  normal  course  of  operations,  the  company  enters  into  various  transactions  on  market  terms  with  related  parties.  The majority of transactions with related parties are between consolidated entities and eliminate on consolidation. The company and its  subsidiaries  may  also  transact  with  entities  over  which  the  company  has  significant  influence  or  joint  control.  Amounts owed to and by associates and joint ventures are not eliminated on consolidation. The company's subsidiaries with significant non-controlling interests are described in Note 4 and its associates and joint ventures are described in Note 10.

In  addition  to  our  subsidiaries  and  equity  accounted  investments,  we  consider  key  management  personnel,  the  Board  of Directors and material shareholders to be related parties. See Note 27 for additional details.

## h) Operating Assets

## i. Investment Properties

The company uses the fair value method to account for real estate classified as investment properties. A property is determined to  be  an  investment  property  when  it  is  principally  held  either  to  earn  rental  income  or  for  capital  appreciation,  or  both. Investment  properties  also  include  properties  that  are  under  development  or  redevelopment  for  future  use  as  investment property.  Investment  properties  are  initially  measured  at  cost  including  transaction  costs,  or  at  fair  value  if  acquired  in  a business combination. Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are carried at fair value. Gains or losses arising from changes in fair value are included in net income during the period in which they arise.

Fair  values  are  completed  by  undertaking  one  of  two  accepted  approaches:  (i)  discounting  the  expected  future  cash  flows, generally over a term of 10 years including a terminal value based on the application of a capitalization rate to estimated year 11  net  operating  income,  typically  used  for  our  office,  retail  and  logistics  assets;  or  (ii)  undertaking  a  direct  capitalization approach  for  certain  of  our  LP  investments  and  directly  held  multifamily  assets  whereby  a  capitalization  rate  is  applied  to estimated stabilized annual net operating income. The future cash flows of each property are based upon, among other things, rental income from current leases and assumptions about rental income from future leases reflecting current conditions, less future cash outflows relating to such current and future leases.

Commercial developments are also measured using a discounted cash flow model, net of costs to complete, as of the balance sheet date. Development sites in the planning phases are measured using comparable market values for similar assets.

## ii. Property, Plant and Equipment

The company uses the revaluation method of accounting for certain classes of property, plant and equipment ('PP&amp;E') as well as certain assets which are under development for future use as PP&amp;E. PP&amp;E measured using the revaluation method is initially measured at cost, or at fair value if acquired in a business combination, and subsequently carried at its revalued amount, being the  fair  value  at  the  date  of  the  revaluation  less  any  subsequent  accumulated  depreciation  and  any  accumulated  impairment losses. Revaluations are performed on an annual basis at the end of each fiscal year, commencing in the first year subsequent to the date of acquisition, unless there is an indication that assets are impaired. Where the carrying amount of an asset increases as a result of a revaluation, the increase is recognized in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity in revaluation surplus, unless the increase reverses a previously recognized revaluation loss recorded through net income, in which case that portion of the increase is recognized in net income.

Where the carrying amount of an asset decreases, the decrease is recognized in other comprehensive income to the extent there is  any  balance  existing  in  revaluation  surplus  in  respect  of  the  asset,  with  the  remainder  of  the  decrease  recognized  in  net income. Depreciation of an asset commences when it is available for use. On loss of control or partial disposition of an asset measured  using  the  revaluation  method,  all  accumulated  revaluation  surplus  or  the  portion  disposed  of,  respectively,  is transferred into retained earnings or ownership changes, respectively.

PP&amp;E  held  in  our  Private  Equity  segment,  which  include  right-of-use  assets,  are  measured  at  cost  less  accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any. Land is carried at cost whereas finite-life assets such as buildings and

equipment  are  carried  at  cost  less  accumulated  depreciation  and  accumulated  impairment  losses,  if  any.  Depreciation  is calculated on a systematic basis over the assets' useful life.

Depreciation methods and useful lives are reassessed at least annually regardless of the measurement method used.

## Renewable Power and Transition

Renewable Power and Transition generally determines the fair value of its PP&amp;E by using a 20-year discounted cash flow model for the majority of its assets. This model incorporates future cash flows from long-term power purchase agreements that are in place where it is determined that the power purchase agreements are linked specifically to the related power generating assets.  The  model  also  includes  estimates  of  future  electricity  prices,  anticipated  long-term  average  generation,  estimated operating and capital expenditures, and assumptions about future inflation rates and discount rates by geographical location.

Depreciation on renewable power assets is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated service lives of the assets, which are as follows:

| (YEARS)  Useful Lives  Dams  .........................................................................................................................................................................  Up to 115  Penstocks  ..................................................................................................................................................................  Up to 60  Powerhouses .............................................................................................................................................................  Up to 115  Hydroelectric generating units  ..................................................................................................................................  Up to 115  Wind generating units  ...............................................................................................................................................  Up to 30  Solar generating units  ...............................................................................................................................................  Up to 35  Gas-fired cogenerating ('Cogeneration') units  ........................................................................................................  Up to 40  Other assets  ...............................................................................................................................................................  Up to 60   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Cost is allocated to the significant components of power generating assets and each component is depreciated separately.

The  depreciation  of  PP&amp;E  in  our  Brazilian  Renewable  Power  and  Transition  operations  is  based  on  the  duration  of the authorization or the useful life of a concession. The weighted-average remaining duration as at December 31, 2022 is 35 years (2021 - 31 years). Land rights are included as part of the concession or authorization and are subject to depreciation.

## Infrastructure

Utilities, transport, midstream and data assets within our Infrastructure segment as well as assets under development classified as PP&amp;E on the Consolidated Balance Sheet are accounted for using the revaluation method. The company determines the fair value of its utilities, transport, midstream and data assets using both the discounted cash flow and depreciated replacement cost methods,  which  include  estimates  of  forecasted  revenue,  operating  costs,  maintenance  and  other  capital  expenditures. Valuations are performed internally on an annual basis. Discount rates are selected for each asset, giving consideration to the volatility and geography of its revenue streams.

Depreciation on utilities, transport, midstream and data assets is calculated on a straight-line or declining balance basis over the estimated service lives of the components of the assets, which are as follows:

| (YEARS)  Useful Lives  Buildings  ..............................................................................................................................................................................  Up to 75  Transmission stations, towers and related fixtures  ...............................................................................................................  Up to 40  Leasehold improvements  ......................................................................................................................................................  Up to 50  Plant and equipment  .............................................................................................................................................................  Up to 40  Network systems  ...................................................................................................................................................................  Up to 65  Track  .....................................................................................................................................................................................  Up to 40  District energy systems  .........................................................................................................................................................  Up to 50  Pipelines  ................................................................................................................................................................................  Up to 20  Gas storage assets  .................................................................................................................................................................  Up to 50   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Public service concessions that provide the right to charge users for a service in which the service and fee is regulated by the grantor are accounted for as intangible assets.

## Private Equity

The  company  accounts  for  its  Private  Equity  PP&amp;E  using  the  cost  model.  Costs  include  expenditures  that  are  directly attributable  to  the  acquisition  of  the  asset.  Depreciation  of  an  asset  commences  when  it  is  available  for  use.  PP&amp;E  is depreciated for each component of the following asset classes as follows:

| (YEARS, UNLESS OTHERWISE NOTED)  Useful Lives  Buildings  .............................................................................................................  Up to 50  Right-of-use assets  ..............................................................................................  Up to 40 but not exceeding the term of the lease  Machinery and equipment  ..................................................................................  Up to 30  Vessels  ................................................................................................................  Up to 35  Oil and gas related equipment and mining property  ...........................................  Units of production   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Real Estate

Hospitality operating assets within our Real Estate segment are classified as PP&amp;E and are accounted for using the revaluation method. The company determines the fair value for these assets by using a depreciated replacement cost method based on the age, physical condition and the construction costs of the assets. Fair values of hospitality properties are determined using a depreciated replacement cost method based on the age, physical condition and the construction costs of the assets.

Depreciation on hospitality assets is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of each component of the asset as follows:

| (YEARS)  Useful Lives  Building and building improvements  ..................................................................................................................................  2 to 50+  Land improvements  .............................................................................................................................................................  15  Furniture, fixtures and equipment  .......................................................................................................................................  1 to 20   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## iii. Inventory

## Private Equity

Fuel inventories within our Private Equity segment are traded in active markets and are purchased with the view to resell in the near future, generating a profit from fluctuations in prices or margins. As a result, fuel inventories are carried at market value by reference to prices in a quoted active market, in accordance with the commodity broker-trader exemption granted by IAS 2, Inventories. Changes in fair value less costs to sell are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations through direct costs. Fuel products that are held for extended periods in order to benefit from future anticipated increases in fuel prices or located in territories where no active market exists are recognized at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Products and chemicals used in the production of biofuels and renewable transport fuel obligations ('RTFO') certificates are valued at the lower of cost and net realizable value.

## Real Estate

Develop-for-sale multifamily projects, residential  development lots, homes and residential condominium projects are recorded in inventory. Residential development lots are recorded at the lower of cost, which includes pre-development expenditures and capitalized  borrowing  costs  and  net  realizable  value,  which  the  company  determines  as  the  estimated  selling  price  of  the inventory in the ordinary course of business in its completed state, less estimated expenses, including holding costs, costs to complete and costs to sell.

Inventories consist of land held for development, land under development, homes under construction, completed homes and model homes. In addition to direct land acquisitions, land development and improvement costs and home construction costs, costs also include interest, real estate taxes and direct overhead related to development and construction, which are capitalized to  inventory  during  the  period  beginning  with  the  commencement  of  development  and  ending  with  the  completion  of construction or development. Indirect costs are allocated to homes or lots based on the number of units in a community.

Land  and  housing  assets  are  recorded  at  the  lower  of  cost  and  net  realizable  value,  which  the  company  determines  as  the estimated  selling  price  of  the  inventory  in  the  ordinary  course  of  business  in  its  completed  state,  less  estimated  expenses, including holding costs, costs to complete and costs to sell.

## i) Fair Value Measurement

Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the company takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date.

Fair value measurement is disaggregated into three hierarchical levels: Level 1, 2 or 3. Fair value hierarchical levels are directly based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurement are observable. The levels are as follows:

- Level 1: Inputs are unadjusted, quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date.
- Level  2: Inputs  (other  than  quoted  prices  included  in  Level  1)  are  either  directly  or  indirectly  observable  for  the  asset  or liability through correlation with market data at the measurement date and for the duration of the asset or liability's anticipated life.
- Level 3: Inputs are unobservable and reflect management's best estimate of what market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Consideration is given to the risk inherent in the valuation technique and the risk inherent in the inputs in determining the estimate.

Refer to the investment properties and revaluation of PP&amp;E explanations for the approach taken to determine the fair value of these operating assets.

Further information on fair value measurements is available in Notes 6, 7, 11 and 12.

## j) Accounts Receivable

Trade receivables are recognized initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method, less an allowance for expected credit losses for uncollectability.

## k) Intangible Assets

Finite life intangible assets are carried at cost less any accumulated amortization and any accumulated impairment losses and are  amortized  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  their  estimated  useful  lives.  Amortization  is  recorded  within  direct  costs  in  the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Certain of the company's intangible assets have an indefinite life as there is no foreseeable limit to the period over which the asset is expected to generate cash flows. Indefinite life intangible assets are recorded at cost unless an impairment is identified which requires a write-down to its recoverable amount.

Indefinite life intangible assets are evaluated for impairment annually or more often if events or circumstances indicate there may be an impairment. Any impairment of the company's indefinite life intangible assets is recorded in net income in the period  in  which  the  impairment  is  identified.  Impairment  losses  on  intangible  assets  may  be  subsequently  reversed  in  net income.

Gains  or  losses  arising  from  derecognition  of  an  intangible  asset  are  measured  as  the  difference  between  the  net  disposal proceeds, if any, and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations in other income and gains when the asset is derecognized.

## Infrastructure

Intangible assets within our Infrastructure segment primarily consist of conservancy rights, service concession arrangements, customer  order  backlogs,  track  access  rights,  operating  network  agreements  and  customer  contracts  and  relationships. Concession arrangements, accounted for as intangible assets under IFRIC 12, Service Concession Arrangements ('IFRIC 12'), were  mostly  acquired  through  acquisitions  of  gas  transmission,  electricity  transmission  and  toll  road  businesses  and  are amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the arrangement.

The  intangible  assets  at  the  Brazilian  regulated  gas  transmission  operation  and  Brazilian  electricity  transmission  operation relate to concession contracts. For our Brazilian regulated gas transmission operation, the concession arrangement provides the operation with the right to operate the asset perpetually. As a result, the intangible asset is amortized over its estimated useful life. For our Brazilian electricity transmission operation, the intangible asset is amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of the contractual arrangement. The intangible assets at the Indian and Peruvian toll roads relate to the right to operate a road and

charge users a specified tariff for a contractual length of time and is amortized over the life of the contractual arrangement with an average of 15 and 21 years remaining, respectively.

Refer  to  Note  13  of  the  2022  audited  consolidated  financial  statements  for  additional  information  on  these  concession arrangements.

The intangible assets at our residential infrastructure operation are comprised of contractual customer relationships, customer contracts, proprietary technology and brands. The contractual customer relationships and customer contracts represent ongoing economic benefits from leasing customers and annuity-based management agreements. Proprietary technology is recognized for  the  development  of  new  metering  technology,  which  allows  the  business  to  generate  revenue  through  its  sub-metering business. Brands represent the intrinsic value customers place on the operation's various brand names.

## Private Equity

Our Private Equity segment includes intangible assets across a number of operating companies. The majority are finite life intangible assets that are amortized on a straight-line basis over the following useful lives:

| (YEARS)  Useful Lives  Water and sewage concession agreements  ..........................................................................................................................  Up to 40  Brand names and trademarks  ..............................................................................................................................................  Up to 40  Computer software  ..............................................................................................................................................................  Up to 10  Customer relationships  ........................................................................................................................................................  Up to 30  Proprietary technology  ........................................................................................................................................................  Up to 20   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Real Estate

Intangible  assets  in  our  Real  Estate  segment  are  primarily  of  trademarks  and  licensing  agreements.  Subsequent  to  initial recognition,  intangible  assets  with  a  finite  life  are  measured  at  cost  less  accumulated  amortization  and  impairment  losses. Amortization is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the intangible asset and is recognized in net income  for  the  respective  reporting  period.  Indefinite  life  intangible  assets  are  recorded  at  cost  unless  an  impairment  is identified which requires a write-down to its recoverable amount.

## l) Goodwill

Goodwill  represents  the  excess  of  the  price  paid  for  the  acquisition  of  an  entity  over  the  fair  value  of  the  net  identifiable tangible and intangible assets and liabilities acquired. Goodwill is allocated to the cash-generating unit to which it relates. The company identifies cash-generating units as identifiable groups of assets that generate cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets.

Goodwill is evaluated for impairment annually or more often if events or circumstances indicate there may be an impairment. Impairment is determined for goodwill by assessing if the carrying value of a cash-generating unit, including the allocated goodwill, exceeds its recoverable amount determined as the greater of the estimated fair value less costs to sell and the value in use. Impairment losses recognized in respect of a cash-generating unit are first allocated to the carrying value of goodwill and any excess is allocated to the carrying amount of assets in the cash-generating unit. Any goodwill impairment is recorded in income in the period in which the impairment is identified. Impairment losses on goodwill are not subsequently reversed. On disposal of a subsidiary, any attributable amount of goodwill is included in determination of the gain or loss on disposal.

## m)  Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

At each balance sheet date or more often if events or circumstances indicate there may be impairment, the company assesses whether its assets, other than those measured at fair value with changes in value recorded in net income, have any indication of impairment. An impairment is recognized if the recoverable amount, determined as the higher of the estimated fair value less costs  of  disposal  and  the  discounted  future  cash  flows  generated  from  use  and  eventual  disposal  from  an  asset  or  cashgenerating unit, is less than their carrying value. Impairment losses are recorded as fair value changes within the Consolidated Statements  of  Operations.  The  projections  of  future  cash  flows  take  into  account  the  relevant  operating  plans  and management's  best  estimate  of  the  most  probable  set  of  conditions  anticipated  to  prevail.  Where  an  impairment  loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset or cash-generating unit is increased to the lesser of the revised estimate of  its  recoverable  amount  and  the  carrying  amount  that  would  have  been  recorded  had  no  impairment  loss  been recognized previously.

## n) Subsidiary Equity Obligations

Subsidiary equity obligations include subsidiary preferred equity units, subsidiary preferred shares and capital securities as well as limited-life funds and redeemable fund units.

Subsidiary  preferred  equity  units  and  capital  securities  are  preferred  shares  that  may  be  settled  by  a  variable  number  of common equity units upon their conversion by the holders or the company. These instruments, as well as the related accrued distributions, are classified as liabilities at amortized cost on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Dividends or yield distributions on these instruments are recorded as interest expense. To the extent conversion features are not closely related to the underlying liability the instruments are bifurcated into debt and equity components.

Limited-life funds represent the interests of others in the company's consolidated funds that have a defined maximum fixed life where the company has an obligation to distribute the residual interests of the fund to fund partners based on their proportionate share of the fund's equity in the form of cash or other financial assets at cessation of the fund's life.

Redeemable fund units represent interests of others in consolidated subsidiaries that have a redemption feature that requires the company to deliver cash or other financial assets to the holders of the units upon receiving a redemption notice.

Limited-life funds and redeemable fund units are classified as liabilities and recorded at fair value within subsidiary equity obligations on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Changes in fair value are recorded in net income in the period of the change.

## o) Revenue from Contracts with Customers

IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers ('IFRS 15'), specifies how and when revenue should be recognized and requires  disclosures  about  the  nature,  amount,  timing  and  uncertainty  of  revenues  and  cash  flows  arising  from  customer contracts.

Where  available,  the  company  has  elected  the  practical  expedient  available  under  IFRS  15  for  measuring  progress  toward complete satisfaction of performance obligation and for disclosure requirements of remaining performance obligations. This permits the company to recognize revenue in the amount to which we have the right to invoice such that the company has a right to the consideration in an amount that corresponds directly with the value to the customer for performance completed to date.

## Revenue Recognition Policies by Segment

Revenue is measured based on the consideration specified in a contract with a customer and excludes amounts collected on behalf of third parties. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service (or a bundle of goods and services) to the customer and is the unit of account in IFRS 15. A contract's transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue, as, or when, the performance obligation is satisfied. The company recognizes revenue when it transfers control of a product or service to a customer.

The company recognizes revenue from the following major sources:

## Asset Management

The company's primary asset management revenue streams, which include base management fees, incentive fees (including incentive distributions and performance fees) and realized carried interest, are satisfied over time. A significant portion of our asset management revenue is inter-segment in nature and thus eliminated on consolidation; that which survives is recorded as revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

The  company  earns  base  management  fees  in  accordance  with  contractual  arrangements  with  our  long-term  private  funds, perpetual strategies and liquid securities' investment vehicles. Fees are typically equal to a percentage of fee-bearing capital within  the  respective  fund  or  entity  and  are  accrued  quarterly.  These  fees  are  earned  over  the  period  of  time  that  the management services are provided and are allocated  to  the  distinct  services  provided  by  the  company  during  the  reporting period.

Incentive distributions and performance fees are incentive payments to reward the company for meeting or exceeding certain performance  thresholds  of  managed  entities.  Incentive  distributions,  paid  to  us  by  certain  of  our  perpetual  affiliates,  are determined  by  contractual  arrangements  and  represent  a  portion  of  distributions  paid  by  the  perpetual  affiliates  above  a predetermined hurdle. They are accrued as revenue on the respective affiliates' distribution record dates if that hurdle has been achieved.  Brookfield  Business  Partners  L.P.  ('BBU')  pays  performance  fees  if  the  growth  in  its  unit  price  exceeds  a predetermined threshold, with the unit price based on the quarterly volume-weighted average price of publicly traded units. These fees are accrued on a quarterly basis subject to the performance of the respective listed vehicle.

Carried interest is a performance fee arrangement in which we receive a percentage of investment returns, generated within a private fund on carry eligible capital, based on a contractual formula. We are eligible to earn carried interest from a fund once returns exceed the fund's contractually defined performance hurdles at which point we earn an accelerated percentage of the additional  fund  profit  until  we  have  earned  the  percentage  of  total  fund  profit,  net  of  fees  and  expenses,  to  which  we  are entitled.  We recognize this carried interest when a fund's cumulative returns are in excess of preferred returns and when it is highly probable that a significant reversal will not occur, which are generally met when an underlying fund investment is profitably disposed of. Typically carried interest is not recognized as revenue until the fund is near the end of its life.

## Renewable Power and Transition

The majority of revenue is derived from the sale of power and power related ancillary services both under contract and in the open market, sourced from their own power generating facilities. It is derived from the output delivered and capacity provided at  rates  specified  under  contract  terms  or  at  prevailing  market  rates  if  the  sale  is  uncontracted.  Performance  obligations  are satisfied  over  time  as  the  customer  simultaneously  receives  and  consumes  benefits  as  we  deliver  electricity  and  related products.

We also sell power and related products under bundled arrangements. Energy, capacity and renewable credits within power purchase agreements ('PPA') are considered to be distinct performance obligations. A contract's transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue over time as the performance obligation is satisfied. The sale of energy and capacity are distinct goods that are substantially the same and have the same pattern of transfer as measured by the output method. Renewable credits are performance obligations satisfied at a point in time. Measurement of satisfaction and transfer  of  control  to  the  customer  of  renewable  credits  in  a  bundled  arrangement  coincides  with  the  pattern  of  revenue recognition of the underlying energy generation.

## Infrastructure

Our  infrastructure  revenue  is  predominantly  recognized  over  time  as  services  are  rendered.  Performance  obligations  are satisfied based on actual usage or throughput depending on the terms of the arrangement. Contract progress is determined using a cost-to-cost input method. Any upfront payments that are separable from the recurring revenue are recognized over time for the period the services are provided.

In addition, we have certain contracts where we earn revenue at a point in time when control of the product ultimately transfers to the customer, which for our sustainable resources operations coincides with product delivery.

## Private Equity

Revenue from our Private Equity segment primarily consists of: (i) sale of goods or products which is recognized as revenue when the product is shipped and title passes to the customer; (ii) the provision of services which are recognized as revenue over the  period  of  time  that  they  are  provided;  and  (iii)  leasing  and  other  product  offerings  which  is  recognized  under  the requirements of IFRS 16, Leases ('IFRS 16'), whereas the other revenue streams are recognized under IFRS 15.

Revenue  recognized  over  a  period  of  time  is  determined  using  the  cost-to-cost  input  method  to  measure  progress  towards complete satisfaction of the performance obligations as the work performed on the contracts creates or enhances an asset that is controlled by the customer. As work is performed, a contract asset in the form of contracts-in-progress is recognized, which is  reclassified  to  accounts  receivable  when  invoiced  to  the  customer.  If  payment  is  received  in  advance  of  work  being completed, a contract liability is recognized. Variable consideration, such as claims, incentives and variations resulting from contract  modifications,  is  only  recognized  in  the  transaction  price  to  the  extent  that  it  is  highly  probable  that  a  significant reversal in the amount of revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

## Real Estate

Revenue from hospitality operations is generated by providing accommodation, food and beverage and leisure facilities to hotel guests. Revenue from accommodation is recognized over the period that the guest stays at the hotel; food and beverage revenue as well as revenue from leisure activities is recognized when goods and services are provided.

Real estate rental income is recognized in accordance with IFRS 16, Leases. As the company retains substantially all the risks and benefits of ownership of its investment properties, it accounts for leases with its tenants as operating leases and begins recognizing revenue when the tenant has a right to use the leased asset. The total amount of contractual rent to be received from operating  leases  is  recognized  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  term  of  the  lease;  a  straight-line  or  free  rent  receivable,  as applicable, is recorded as a component of investment property representing the difference between rental revenue recorded and the contractual amount received. Percentage participating rents are recognized when tenants' specified sales targets have been met.

Revenue from residential land sales, sales of homes and the completion of residential condominium projects is recognized at the point in time when our performance obligations are met. Performance obligations are satisfied when we transfer title of a product to a customer and all material conditions of the sales contract have been met. If title of a property transfers but material future development is required, revenue will be delayed until the point in time at which the remaining performance obligations are satisfied.

## Corporate Activities and Other

Dividend and interest income from other financial assets are recognized as revenue when declared or on an accrual basis using the effective interest method, in accordance with IFRS 9 Financial Instruments ('IFRS 9').

Interest revenue from loans and notes receivable, less a provision for uncollectable amounts, is recorded on the accrual basis using the effective interest method, in accordance with IFRS 9.

## p) Financial Instruments

## Classification of Financial Instruments

The  company  classifies  its  financial  assets  as  fair  value  through  profit  and  loss  ('FVTPL'),  fair  value  through  other comprehensive  income  ('FVTOCI')  and  amortized  cost  according  to  the  company's  business  objectives  for  managing  the financial assets and based on the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset. The company classifies its financial liabilities as amortized cost or FVTPL.

- Financial instruments that are not held for the sole purpose of collecting contractual cash flows are classified as FVTPL and are initially recognized at their fair value and are subsequently measured at fair value at each reporting date. Gains and losses recorded on each revaluation date are recognized within profit or loss. Transaction costs of financial assets classified as FVTPL are expensed in profit or loss.
- Financial assets classified as FVTOCI are initially recognized at their fair value and are subsequently measured at fair value at each reporting date. The cumulative gains or losses related to FVTOCI equity instruments are not reclassified to profit or loss on disposal, whereas the cumulative gains or losses on all other FVTOCI assets are reclassified to profit or loss on disposal, when there is a significant or prolonged decline in fair value or when the company acquires a controlling or significant interest in the underlying investment and commences equity accounting or consolidating the investment. The cumulative gains or losses on all FVTOCI liabilities are reclassified to profit or loss on disposal.
- Financial  instruments  that  are  held  for  the  purpose  of  collecting  contractual  cash  flows  that  are  solely  payments  of principal and interest are classified as amortized cost and are initially recognized at their fair value and are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest rate method. Transaction costs of financial instruments classified as amortized cost are capitalized and amortized in profit or loss on the same basis as the financial instrument.

Expected  credit  losses  associated  with  debt  instruments  carried  at  amortized  cost  and  FVTOCI  are  assessed  on  a  forwardlooking basis. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. Impairment charges are recognized in profit or loss based on the expected credit loss model.

The  following  table  presents  the  types  of  financial  instruments  held  by  the  company  within  each  financial  instrument classification:

| Financial Instrument Type  Measurement  Financial Assets  Cash and cash equivalents  Amortized cost  Other financial assets  Government bonds  FVTOCI  Corporate bonds  FVTPL, FVTOCI, Amortized cost  Fixed income securities and other  FVTPL, FVTOCI, Amortized cost  Common shares and warrants  FVTPL, FVTOCI  Loan and notes receivable  FVTPL, Amortized cost  Accounts receivable and other  1  FVTPL, Amortized cost  Financial Liabilities  Corporate borrowings  Amortized cost  Non-recourse borrowings of managed entities  Property-specific borrowings  Amortized cost  Subsidiary borrowings  Amortized cost  Accounts payable and other  1  FVTPL, Amortized cost  Subsidiary equity obligations  FVTPL, Amortized cost   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Includes derivative instruments.

## Other Financial Assets

Other financial assets are recognized on their trade date and initially recorded at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in net income or other comprehensive income in accordance with their classification. Fair values of financial instruments are determined by reference to quoted bid or ask prices, as appropriate. Where bid and ask prices are unavailable, the closing price of the most recent transaction of that instrument is used.

Other financial assets also include loans and notes receivable which are recorded initially at fair value and, with the exception of loans and notes receivable designated as FVTPL, are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method,  less  any  applicable  provision  for  impairment.  A  provision  for  impairment  is  established  when  there  is  objective evidence that the company will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the original terms of the receivables. Loans and receivables designated as FVTPL are recorded at fair value, with changes in fair value recorded in net income in the period in which they arise.

## Allowance for Credit Losses

For  financial  assets  classified  as  amortized  cost  or  debt  instruments  as  FVTOCI  and  undrawn  loan  commitments,  at  each reporting period, the company assesses if there has been a significant increase in credit risk since the asset was originated to determine if a 12-month expected credit loss or a life-time expected credit loss should be recorded regardless of whether there has been an actual loss event. The company uses probability-weighted loss scenarios which consider multiple loss scenarios based on reasonable and supportable forecasts in order to calculate the expected credit losses.

The company assesses the carrying value of FVTOCI and amortized cost securities for impairment when there is objective evidence that the asset is impaired such as when an asset is in default. Impaired financial assets continue to record life-time expected credit losses; however interest revenue is calculated based on the net amortized carrying amount after deducting the loss  allowance.  When  objective  evidence  of  impairment  exists,  losses  arising  from  impairment  are  reclassified  from accumulated other comprehensive income to net income.

## Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedge Accounting

The company selectively utilizes derivative financial instruments primarily to manage financial risks, including interest rate, commodity  and  foreign  exchange  risks.  Derivative  financial  instruments  are  recorded  at  fair  value  within  the  company's consolidated  financial  statements.  Hedge  accounting  is  applied  when  the  derivative  is  designated  as  a  hedge  of  a  specific exposure and there is assurance that it will continue to be effective as a hedge based on an expectation of offsetting cash flows or  fair  values.  Hedge  accounting  is  discontinued  prospectively  when  the  derivative  no  longer  qualifies  as  a  hedge  or  the hedging relationship is terminated. Once discontinued, the cumulative change in fair value of a derivative that was previously recorded in other comprehensive income by the application of hedge accounting is recognized in net income over the remaining

term of the original hedging relationship. The assets or liabilities relating to unrealized mark-to-market gains and losses on derivative financial instruments are recorded in accounts receivable and other or accounts payable and other, respectively.

## Items Classified as Hedges

Realized and unrealized gains and losses on foreign exchange contracts designated as hedges of currency risks relating to a net investment in a subsidiary or an associate are included in equity. Gains or losses are reclassified into net income in the period in which the subsidiary or associate is disposed of or to the extent that the hedges are ineffective. Where a subsidiary is partially disposed, and control is retained, any associated gains or costs are reclassified within equity as ownership changes. Derivative financial instruments that are designated as hedges to offset corresponding changes in the fair value of assets and liabilities and cash flows are measured at their estimated fair value with changes in fair value recorded in net income or as a component of equity,  as  applicable.  Unrealized  gains  and  losses  on  interest  rate  contracts  designated  as  hedges  of  future  variable  interest payments  are  included  in  equity  as  a  cash  flow  hedge  when  the  interest  rate  risk  relates  to  an  anticipated  variable interest payment. The periodic exchanges of payments on interest rate swap contracts designated as hedges of debt are recorded on  an  accrual  basis  as  an  adjustment  to  interest  expense.  The  periodic  exchanges  of  payments  on  interest  rate  contracts designated as hedges of future interest payments are amortized into net income over the term of the corresponding interest payments.  Unrealized  gains  and  losses  on  electricity  contracts  designated  as  cash  flow  hedges  of  future  power  generation revenue are included in equity as a cash flow hedge. The periodic exchanges of payments on power generation commodity swap contracts designated as hedges are recorded on a settlement basis as an adjustment to power generation revenue.

## Items Not Classified as Hedges

Derivative financial instruments that are not designated as hedges are carried at their estimated fair value, and gains and losses arising  from  changes  in  fair  value  are  recognized  in  net  income  in  the  period  in  which  the  change  occurs.  Realized  and unrealized gains and losses on equity derivatives used to offset changes in share prices in respect of vested deferred share units and restricted share units are recorded together with the corresponding compensation expense. Realized and unrealized gains on other derivatives not designated as hedges are recorded in revenues, direct costs or corporate costs, as applicable. Realized and unrealized gains and losses on derivatives which are considered economic hedges, and where hedge accounting is not able to be elected, are recorded in fair value changes in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

## q) Income Taxes

Current income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be paid to tax authorities, net of recoveries, based on the tax rates and laws enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date. Current and deferred income tax relating to items recognized directly in equity are also recognized in equity. Deferred income tax liabilities are provided for using  the  liability  method  on  temporary  differences  between  the  tax  bases  and  carrying  amounts  of  assets  and  liabilities. Deferred income tax assets are recognized for all deductible temporary differences and for the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses, to the extent that it is probable that deductions, tax credits and tax losses can be utilized. The carrying amount of deferred income tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent it is no longer probable that the income tax assets will be recovered. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured using the tax rates that are expected to apply to the year when the asset is realized or the liability settled, based on the tax rates and laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date.

## r) Business Combinations

Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The cost of a business acquisition is measured at the aggregate of the fair  values  at  the  date  of  exchange  of  assets  given,  liabilities  incurred  or  assumed,  and  equity  instruments issued  in  exchange  for  control  of  the  acquiree.  The  acquiree's  identifiable  assets,  liabilities  and  contingent  liabilities  are recognized at their fair values at the acquisition date, except for non-current assets that are classified as held for sale which are  recognized  and  measured  at  fair  value  less  costs  to  sell.  The  interest  of  non-controlling  shareholders  in  the  acquiree  is initially measured at the non-controlling shareholders' proportion of the net fair value of the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities recognized.

To the extent the fair value of consideration paid exceeds the fair value of the net identifiable tangible and intangible assets, the excess is recorded as goodwill. To the extent the fair value of consideration paid is less than the fair value of net identifiable tangible and intangible assets, the excess is recognized in net income.

When a business combination is achieved in stages, previously held interests in the acquired entity are re-measured to fair value at the acquisition date, which is the date control is obtained, and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is recognized in net income, other  than  amounts  transferred  directly  to  retained  earnings.  Amounts  arising  from  interests  in  the  acquiree  prior  to  the acquisition  date  that  have  previously  been  recognized  in  other  comprehensive  income  are  reclassified  to  net  income. Transaction costs are recorded as an expense within fair value changes in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

## s) Leases

The company accounts for leases under IFRS 16 Leases ('IFRS 16'). Under IFRS 16, the company must assess whether a contract is, or contains, a lease at inception of the contract. A contract is, or contains, a lease if it conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Control exists if a customer can make the important  decisions  governing  the  use  of  an  asset  specified  in  a  contract  similar  to  decisions  made  over  assets  owned  by the  business.  The  company  has  elected  to  not  allocate  contract  consideration  between  lease  and  non-lease  components,  but rather account for each lease and non-lease component as a single lease component. This election is made by asset class.

For lessors,  a  lease  shall  be  classified  as  either  a  finance  or  operating  lease  on  commencement  of  the  lease  contract.  If  the contract represents a finance lease in which the risk and rewards of ownership have transferred to the lessee, a lessor shall recognize a finance lease receivable at an amount equal to the net investment in the lease discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. Subsequently, finance income is recognized at a constant rate on the net investment of the finance lease. Lease payments received from operating leases are recognized into income on a straight-line or other systematic basis.

For  lessees,  the  company  recognizes  a  right-of-use  ('ROU')  asset  and  lease  liability  at  the  lease  commencement  date.  The ROU asset is initially measured based on the calculated lease liability plus initial direct costs incurred by the lessee, estimates to dismantle and restore the underlying asset at the end of the lease term and lease payments made net of incentives received at or before the lease commencement date. It is classified as either investment in PP&amp;E, or inventory depending on the nature of the asset and is subsequently accounted for consistently with owned assets within the respective asset classes with the exception of  PP&amp;E. Unlike most of the company's owned assets within PP&amp;E, lease assets classified within PP&amp;E are subsequently measured applying the cost method rather than the revaluation method. The ROU asset is depreciated applying a straight-line method or other systematic  basis  over  the  shorter  of  the  useful  life  of  the  underlying  asset  or  the  term  of  the  lease.  Lease contracts often include an option to extend the term of the lease and such extensions are factored into the lease term if the company  is  reasonably  certain  to  exercise  that  option.  ROU  assets  are  tested  for  impairment  in  accordance  with  IAS  36, Impairment of Assets .  Refer  to  Note  2(h)  for  additional  details  of  our  accounting  policies  governing  investment  properties, PP&amp;E and inventory.

Lease liabilities are classified within accounts payable and other and are recognized at the commencement of the lease, initially measured at the present value of future lease payments not paid as at the commencement date, discounted using the interest rate implicit  in  the  lease,  or  the  lessee's  incremental  borrowing  rate  if  the  implicit  rate  cannot  be  readily  determined.  Lease liabilities  are  subsequently  measured  at  amortized  cost  by  applying  the  effective  interest  method.  Lease  liabilities  are remeasured if there is reassessment of the timing or amount of future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, revisions to estimates of the lease term or residual value guarantee, or a change in the assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset. Such remeasurements of the lease liability are generally recognized as an adjustment to the ROU asset unless further reduction in the measurement of the lease liability would reduce a ROU asset below zero, in which case it is recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Variable rents that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in the measurement of the lease liability and the ROU asset.  The  related  payments  are  recognized  as  an  expense  in  the  period  in  which  the  event  or  condition  that  triggers  those payments occurs and are classified within direct costs in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

We are  applying  certain  practical  expedients  as  permitted  by  the  standard;  specifically,  we  have  elected  to  apply  practical expedients associated with short-term and low-value leases that allow the company to record operating expenses on such leases on a straight-line basis without having to capitalize the lease arrangement.

We have also applied a number of critical judgments in applying this standard, including: i) identifying whether a contract (or part of a contract) includes a lease; ii) determining whether it is reasonably certain that lease extension or termination options will be exercised in determining the lease term; and iii) determining whether variable payments are in-substance fixed. Critical estimates used in the application of IFRS 16 include estimating the lease term and determining the appropriate rate at which to discount the lease payments.

## t)    Other Items

## i. Capitalized Costs

Capitalized  costs  related  to  assets  under  development  and  redevelopment  include  all  eligible  expenditures  incurred  in connection  with  the  acquisition,  development  and  construction  of  the  asset  until  it  is  available  for  its  intended  use.  These expenditures consist of costs that are directly attributable to these assets.

Borrowing costs are capitalized when such costs are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset. A qualifying asset is an asset that takes a substantial period of time to prepare for its intended use.

## ii. Share-based Payments

The company issues share-based awards to certain employees and non-employee directors. The cost of equity-settled sharebased transactions, comprised of share options, restricted shares and escrowed shares, is determined as the fair value of the award on the grant date using a fair value model. The cost of equity-settled share-based transactions is recognized as each tranche vests and is recorded in contributed surplus as a component of equity. The cost of cash-settled share-based transactions, comprised of Deferred Share Units ('DSUs') and Restricted Share Units ('RSUs'), is measured as the fair value at the grant date, and expensed on a proportionate basis consistent with the vesting features over the vesting period with the recognition of a  corresponding  liability.  The  liability  is  recorded  as  a  provision  within  accounts  payable  and  other  on  the  Consolidated Balance Sheets and measured at each reporting date at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income.

## iii.  Provisions

A provision is a liability of uncertain timing that is recognized when the company has a present obligation as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the  amount  of  the  obligation.  The  company's  significant  provisions  consist  of  pensions  and  other  long-term  and  postemployment benefits, warranties on some products or services, obligations to retire or decommission tangible long-lived assets and the cost of legal claims arising in the normal course of operations.

## a. Pensions and Other Post-Employment Benefits

The company offers pension and other post-employment benefit plans to employees of certain of its subsidiaries, with certain of these subsidiaries offering defined benefit plans. Defined benefit pension expenses, which include the current year's service cost,  are  included  in  direct  costs.  For  each  defined  benefit  plan,  we  recognize  the  present  value  of  our  defined  benefit obligations less the fair value of the plan assets as a defined benefit liability reported within accounts payable and other on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The company's obligations under its defined benefit pension plans are determined periodically through the preparation of actuarial valuations.

## b. Other Long-Term Incentive Plans

The company provides long-term incentive plans to certain employees whereby the company allocates a portion of the amounts realized through subsidiary profit-sharing agreements to its employees. The cost of these plans is recognized over the requisite service period, provided it is probable that the vesting conditions will be achieved, based on the underlying subsidiary profit sharing arrangement. The liability is recorded within accounts payable and other and measured at each reporting date with the corresponding expense recognized in direct costs in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

## c. Warranties, Asset Retirement, Legal and Other

Certain consolidated entities offer warranties on the sale of products or services. A provision is recorded to provide for future warranty costs based on management's best estimate of probable warranty claims.

Certain consolidated entities have legal obligations to retire tangible long-lived assets. A provision is recorded at each reporting date to provide for the estimated fair value of the asset retirement obligation upon decommissioning of the asset period.

In the normal course of operations, the company may become involved in legal proceedings. Management analyzes information about these legal matters and provides provisions for probable contingent losses, including estimated legal expenses to resolve the matters. Internal and external legal counsel are used in order to estimate the probability of an unfavorable outcome and the amount of loss.

## u) Critical Estimates and Judgments

The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the carried amounts of  certain  assets  and  liabilities,  disclosures  of  contingent  assets  and  liabilities  and  the  reported  amounts  of  revenues  and expenses recorded during the period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

In  making  estimates  and  judgments,  management  relies  on  external  information  and  observable  conditions,  where  possible, supplemented by internal analysis as required. These estimates and judgments have been applied in a manner consistent with prior periods and there are no known trends, commitments, events or uncertainties that the company believes will materially affect the methodology or assumptions utilized in making estimates and judgments in these consolidated financial statements.

## i. Critical Estimates

The  significant  estimates  used  in  determining  the  recorded  amount  for  assets  and  liabilities  in  the  consolidated  financial statements include the following:

## a. Investment Properties

The critical assumptions and estimates used when determining the fair value of commercial properties are: discount rates and terminal capitalization rates for properties valued using a discounted cash flow model and capitalization rates for properties valued using a direct capitalization approach. Management also uses assumptions and estimates in determining expected future cash  flows  in  discounted  cash  flow  models  and  stabilized  net  operating  income  used  in  values  determined  using  the  direct capitalization approach. Properties under development are recorded at fair value using a discounted cash flow model which includes estimates in respect of the timing and cost to complete the development.

Further information on investment property estimates on fair value is provided in Note 11.

## b. Revaluation Method for Property, Plant and Equipment

When  determining  the  carrying  value  of  PP&amp;E  using  the  revaluation  method,  the  company  uses  the  following  critical assumptions and estimates: the timing of forecasted revenues; future sales prices and associated expenses; future sales volumes; future  regulatory  rates;  maintenance  and  other  capital  expenditures;  discount  rates;  terminal  capitalization  rates;  terminal valuation  dates;  useful  lives;  and  residual  values.  Determination  of  the  fair  value  of  PP&amp;E  under  development  includes estimates in respect of the timing and cost to complete the development.

Further information on estimates used in the revaluation method for PP&amp;E is provided in Note 12.

## c. Financial Instruments

Estimates and assumptions used in determining the fair value of financial instruments are: equity and commodity prices; future interest rates; the credit worthiness of the company relative to its counterparties; the credit risk of the company's counterparties; estimated future cash flows; the amount of the liability and equity components of compound financial instruments; discount rates and volatility utilized in option valuations.

Further information on estimates used in determining the carrying value of financial instruments is provided in Notes 6 and 25.

## d. Inventory

The company estimates the net realizable value of its inventory using estimates and assumptions about future development costs, costs to hold and future selling costs.

## e. Other

Other  estimates  and  assumptions  utilized  in  the  preparation  of  the  company's  consolidated  financial  statements  are:  the assessment or determination of net recoverable amount; oil and gas reserves; depreciation and amortization rates and useful lives; estimation of recoverable amounts of cash-generating units for impairment assessments of goodwill and intangible assets; ability to utilize tax losses and other tax measurements; fair value of assets held as collateral and the percentage of completion for construction contracts.

## ii. Critical Judgments

Management is required to make critical judgments when applying its accounting policies. The following judgments have the most significant effect on the consolidated financial statements:

## a. Control or Level of Influence

When determining the appropriate basis of accounting for the company's investees, the company makes judgments about the degree of influence that it exerts directly or through an arrangement over the investees' relevant activities. This may include the ability to elect investee directors or appoint management. Control is obtained when the company has the power to direct the relevant  investing,  financing  and  operating  decisions  of  an  entity  and  does  so  in  its  capacity  as  principal  of  the  operations, rather than as an agent for other investors. Operating as a principal includes having sufficient capital at risk in any investee and exposure to the variability of the returns generated as a result of the decisions of the company as principal. Judgment is used in determining the sufficiency of the capital at risk or variability of returns. In making these judgments, the company considers the ability of other investors to remove the company as a manager or general partner in a controlled partnership.

## b. Investment Properties

When applying the company's accounting policy for investment properties, judgment is applied in determining whether certain costs are additions to the carrying amount of the property and, for properties under development, identifying the point at which practical  completion  of  the  property  occurs  and  identifying  the  directly  attributable  borrowing  costs  to  be  included  in  the carrying value of the development property.

## c. Property, Plant and Equipment

The company's accounting policy for  its  PP&amp;E  requires  critical  judgments  over  the  assessment  of  carrying  value,  whether certain costs are additions to the carrying amount of the PP&amp;E as opposed to repairs and maintenance, and for assets under development. the identification of when the asset is capable of being used as intended and identifying the directly attributable borrowing costs to be included in the asset's carrying value.

For  assets  that  are  measured  using  the  revaluation  method,  judgment  is  required  when  estimating  future  prices,  volumes, discount and capitalization rates. Judgment is applied when determining future electricity prices considering broker quotes for the years in which there is a liquid market available and, for the subsequent years, our best estimate of electricity prices from renewable sources that would allow new entrants into the market.

## d. Identifying Performance Obligations for Revenue Recognition

Management  is  required  to  identify  performance  obligations  relating  to  contracts  with  customers  at  the  inception  of  each contract.  IFRS  15  requires  a  contract's  transaction  price  to  be  allocated  to  each  distinct  performance  obligation  and subsequently recognized into income when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied. Judgment is used when assessing the pattern of delivery of the product or service to determine if revenue should be recognized at a point in time or over time. For certain service contracts recognized over time, judgment is required to determine if revenue from variable consideration such as incentives, claims and variations from contract modifications has met the required probability threshold to be recognized.

Management also uses judgment to determine whether contracts for the sale of products and services have distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately or as a single performance obligation. Goods and services are considered distinct if: (1) a customer can benefit from the good or service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available to the customer; and (2) the entity's promise to transfer the good or service to the customer is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract.

Additional  details  about  revenue  recognition  policies  across  our  operating  segments  are  included  in  Note  2(o)  of  the consolidated financial statements.

## e. Common Control Transactions

The purchase and sale of businesses or subsidiaries between entities under common control are not specifically addressed in IFRS and accordingly,  management  uses  judgment  when  determining  a  policy  to  account  for  such  transactions  taking  into consideration  other  guidance  in  the  IFRS  framework  and  pronouncements  of  other  standard-setting  bodies.  The  company's policy is to record assets and liabilities recognized as a result of transfers of businesses or subsidiaries between entities under common control at carrying value. Differences between the carrying amount of the consideration given or received and the carrying amount of the assets and liabilities transferred are recorded directly in equity.

## f. Indicators of Impairment

Judgment  is  applied  when  determining  whether  indicators  of  impairment  exist  when  assessing  the  carrying  values  of  the company's  assets,  including:  the  determination  of  the  company's  ability  to  hold  financial  assets;  the  estimation  of  a  cashgenerating unit's future revenues and direct costs; the determination of discount and capitalization rates; and when an asset's carrying value is above the value derived using publicly traded prices which are quoted in a liquid market.

## g. Income Taxes

The company makes judgments when determining the future tax rates applicable to subsidiaries and identifying the temporary differences  that  relate  to  each  subsidiary.  Deferred  income  tax  assets  and  liabilities  are  measured  at  the  tax  rates  that  are expected to apply during the period when the assets are realized or the liabilities settled, using the tax rates and laws enacted or substantively enacted at the consolidated balance sheet dates. The company measures deferred income taxes associated with its investment properties based on its specific intention with respect to each asset at the end of the reporting period. Where the company  has  a  specific  intention  to  sell  a  property  in  the  foreseeable  future,  deferred  taxes  on  the  building  portion  of  an investment property are measured based on the tax consequences that would follow the disposition of the property. Otherwise,

deferred taxes are measured on the basis the carrying value of the investment property will be recovered substantially through use.

## h. Classification of Non-Controlling Interests in Limited-Life Funds

Non-controlling  interests  in  limited-life  funds  are  classified  as  liabilities  (subsidiary  equity  obligations)  or  equity  (noncontrolling interests) depending on whether an obligation exists to distribute residual net assets to non-controlling interests on liquidation in the form of cash or another financial asset or assets delivered in kind. Judgment is required to determine what the governing documents of each entity require or permit.

## i. Other

Other critical judgments include the determination of effectiveness of financial hedges for accounting purposes; the likelihood and timing of anticipated transactions for hedge accounting; and the determination of functional currency.

## 3. SEGMENTED INFORMATION

## a) Operating Segments

Our  operations  are  organized  into  five  operating  business  groups  in  addition  to  our  corporate  activities,  which  collectively represent  six  operating  segments  for  internal  and  external  reporting  purposes.  We  measure  performance  using  funds  from operations  ('FFO')  generated  by  each  operating  segment  and  the  amount  of  capital  invested  by  the  Corporation  in  each segment using common equity by segment.

Our operating segments are as follows:

The Corporation:

- i. Corporate  Activities include  the  investment  of  cash  and  financial  assets,  our  share  of  the  investment  in  our  insurance solutions business, as well as the management of our corporate leverage, including corporate borrowings and preferred equity, which fund a portion of the capital invested in our other operations. Certain corporate costs such as technology and operations are incurred on behalf of our operating segments and allocated to each operating segment based on an internal pricing framework.
- ii. Asset Management business includes managing the long-term private funds, perpetual strategies and liquid strategies of our asset management business on behalf of our investors and ourselves, as well as our share of the asset management activities of Oaktree Capital Management ('Oaktree'). We generate contractual base management fees for these activities as  well  as  incentive  distributions  and  performance  income,  including  performance  fees,  transaction  fees  and  carried interest.

Managed investments:

- i. Renewable  Power  and  Transition business  includes  the  ownership,  operation  and  development  of  hydroelectric,  wind, utility-scale solar power generating assets and distributed energy &amp; sustainable solutions.
- ii. Infrastructure business  includes  the  ownership,  operation  and  development  of  utilities,  transport,  midstream,  and  data assets.
- iii. Private Equity business  includes  a  broad  range  of  industries,  and  is  mostly  focused  on  the  ownership  and  operation  of business services, infrastructure services and industrials.
- iv. Real Estate business includes the ownership, operation and development of core investments, transitional and development investments (including residential development properties), and our share of LP investments, which sit within the private funds of our asset management business.

Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2022, the company no longer presented a Residential Development operating segment for internal  or  external  reporting  purposes.  Our  North  American  and  Australian  residential  development  operations  are  now presented within the Real Estate segment and the Brazilian residential development operations are now presented within the Private  Equity  segment.  This  presentation  aligns  our  operating  segments  with  how  our  Chief  Operating  Decision  Maker assesses the operating results and performance of our businesses on a segmented basis.

Subsequent  to  the  special  distribution  of  our  asset  management  business  described  in  Note  21  (b),  our  Asset  Management segment includes our investment in Brookfield Asset Management ULC ('BAM') and certain corporate costs and tax items

that  were  previously  presented  in  our  Corporate  Activities  segment.    The  company  has  retrospectively  applied  these presentation changes for all periods presented.

## b) Segment Financial Measures

FFO is a key measure of our financial performance and our segment measure of profit and loss. It is utilized by our Chief Operating  Decision  Maker  in  assessing  operating  results  and  the  performance  of  our  businesses  on  a  segmented  basis. We define FFO as net income excluding fair value changes, depreciation and amortization and deferred income taxes, net of non-controlling  interests.  When  determining  FFO,  we  include  our  proportionate  share  of  the  FFO  from  equity  accounted investments on a fully diluted basis. FFO also includes realized disposition gains and losses, which are gains or losses arising from  transactions  during  the  reporting  period,  adjusted  to  include  associated  fair  value  changes  and  revaluation  surplus recorded  in  prior  periods,  taxes  payable  or  receivable  in  connection  with  those  transactions  and  amounts  that  are  recorded directly in equity, such as ownership changes.

FFO from our Asset Management segment includes fees, net of the associated costs, that we earn from managing capital in our perpetual affiliates, private funds and liquid strategies accounts. We are also eligible to earn incentive payments in the form of incentive distributions, performance fees or carried interest. In all other businesses, our FFO represents the company's share of revenues less costs incurred within our operations, which include interest expenses and other costs. Specifically, it includes the impact of contracts  that  we  enter  into  to  generate  revenues,  including  power  sales  agreements,  contracts  that  our  operating businesses enter into such as leases and take or pay contracts and sales of inventory. FFO includes the impact of changes in leverage or the cost of that financial leverage and other costs incurred to operate our business.

We use  realized  disposition  gains  and  losses  within  FFO  in  order  to  provide  additional  insight  regarding  the  performance of investments on a cumulative realized basis, including any unrealized fair value adjustments that were recorded in equity and not  otherwise  reflected  in  current  period  FFO,  and  believe  it  is  useful  to  investors  to  better  understand  variances  between reporting  periods.  We  exclude  depreciation  and  amortization  from  FFO  as  we  believe  that  the  value  of  most  of  our  assets typically increases over time, provided we make the necessary maintenance expenditures, the timing and magnitude of which may differ from the amount of depreciation recorded in any given period. In addition, the depreciated cost base of our assets is reflected  in  the  ultimate  realized  disposition  gain  or  loss  on  disposal.  As  noted  above,  unrealized  fair  value  changes are  excluded  from  FFO  until  the  period  in  which  the  asset  is  sold.  We  also  exclude  deferred  income  taxes  from  FFO because the vast majority of the company's deferred income tax assets and liabilities are a result of the revaluation of our assets under IFRS.

Our definition of FFO differs from the definition used by other organizations, as well as the definition of FFO used by the Real Property  Association  of  Canada  ('REALPAC')  and  the  National  Association  of  Real  Estate  Investment  Trusts,  Inc. ('NAREIT'),  in  part  because  the  NAREIT  definition  is  based  on  U.S.  GAAP,  as  opposed  to  IFRS.  The  key  differences between our definition of FFO and the determination of FFO by REALPAC and/or NAREIT are that we include the following: realized disposition gains or losses and cash taxes payable or receivable on those gains or losses, if any; foreign exchange gains or losses on monetary items not forming part of our net investment in foreign operations; and foreign exchange gains or losses on the sale of an investment in a foreign operation. We do not use FFO as a measure of cash generated from our operations.

We illustrate how we derive FFO for each operating segment and reconcile total FFO to net income in Note 3(c)(v) of the consolidated financial statements.

## Segment Balance Sheet Information

We  use  common  equity  by  segment  as  our  measure  of  segment  assets  when  reviewing  our  deconsolidated  balance  sheet because it is utilized by our Chief Operating Decision Maker for capital allocation decisions.

## Segment Allocation and Measurement

Segment  measures  include  amounts  earned  from  consolidated  entities  that  are  eliminated  on  consolidation.  The  principal adjustment is to include asset management revenues charged to consolidated entities as revenues within the company's Asset Management segment with the corresponding expenses recorded as corporate costs within the relevant segment. These amounts are based on the in-place terms of the asset management contracts between the consolidated entities. Inter-segment revenues are determined under terms that approximate market value.

The company allocates the costs of shared functions that would otherwise be included within its Corporate Activities segment, such as information technology and internal audit, pursuant to formal policies.

## c) Reportable Segment Measures

| AS AT AND FOR THE YEAR  ENDED DEC. 31, 2022  (MILLIONS)  Asset  Management  Renewable  Power and  Transition  Infrastructure  Private  Equity  Real Estate  Corporate  Activities  Total  Segments  Note  External revenues  .........................  $  653  $  5,198  $  14,724  $  58,225  $  13,803  $  166  $  92,769  Inter-segment and other  revenues  1  ....................................  4,289  -  4  207  32  (41)  4,491  i  Segmented revenues  .....................  4,942  5,198  14,728  58,432  13,835  125  97,260  FFO from equity accounted  investments  1  ...............................  346  271  1,893  567  958  418  4,453  ii  Interest expense  ............................  -  (1,127)  (1,895)  (2,702)  (4,460)  (518)  (10,702)  iii  Current income taxes  ....................  (98)  (148)  (481)  (473)  (74)  (4)  (1,278)  iv  FFO 1  .............................................  2,518  401  640  1,026  1,744  (35)  6,294  v  Common equity  ............................  6,884  5,274  2,784  4,486  31,868  (11,688)  39,608  Equity accounted investments  ......  4,664  2,261  11,844  3,574  22,264  2,487  47,094  Additions to non-current assets  2  ...  193  6,710  6,604  24,418  27,096  1,021  66,042   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. We equity account for our investment in Oaktree and include our share of the FFO at our ownership of 64%. For segment reporting, Oaktree's revenue is shown on a 100% basis. For the year ended December 31, 2022, $1.5 billion of Oaktree's revenue was included in our Asset Management segment revenue.

2. Includes additions to equity accounted investments, investment properties, PP&amp;E, intangible assets and goodwill.

| AS AT AND FOR THE YEAR  ENDED DEC. 31, 2021  (MILLIONS)  Asset  Management  Renewable  Power and  Transition  Infrastructure  Private  Equity  Real Estate  Corporate  Activities  Total  Segments  Note  External revenues  .........................  $  306  $  4,580  $  11,941  $  46,452  $  12,283  $  169  $  75,731  Inter-segment and other  revenues  1  ....................................  4,930  -  6  431  32  (18)  5,381  i  Segmented revenues  .....................  5,236  4,580  11,947  46,883  12,315  151  81,112  FFO from equity accounted  investments  1  ...............................  558  187  1,697  459  842  63  3,806  ii  Interest expense  ............................  -  (892)  (1,502)  (1,515)  (3,281)  (414)  (7,604)  iii  Current income taxes  ....................  (58)  (43)  (402)  (542)  (89)  20  (1,114)  iv  FFO 1  .............................................  2,524  1,044  797  2,031  1,442  (280)  7,558  v  Common equity  ............................  4,905  5,264  3,022  3,996  33,965  (8,942)  42,210  Equity accounted investments  ......  4,496  1,801  9,569  2,992  25,186  2,056  46,100  Additions to non-current assets  2  ...  -  5,001  18,248  14,169  22,081  1,332  60,831   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. We equity account for our investment in Oaktree and include our share of the FFO at 62%. For segment reporting, Oaktree's revenue is shown on a 100% basis. For the year ended December 31, 2021, $2.3 billion of Oaktree's revenue was included in our Asset Management segment revenue.

2. Includes additions to equity accounted investments, investment properties, PP&amp;E, sustainable resources, intangible assets and goodwill.

## i. Inter-Segment Revenues

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the adjustment to external revenues when determining segmented revenues consists of asset  management  revenues  earned  from  consolidated  entities  and  asset  management  revenues  earned  by  Oaktree  totaling $4.3 billion (2021 - $4.9 billion), revenues earned on construction projects between consolidated entities totaling $220 million (2021  -  $418  million),  and  other  revenues  totaling  a  net  loss  of  $18  million  (2021  -  income  of  $33  million),  which  were eliminated on consolidation to arrive at the company's consolidated revenues.

## ii. FFO from Equity Accounted Investments

The company determines FFO from its equity accounted investments by applying the same methodology utilized in adjusting net  income of consolidated entities. The following table reconciles the company's consolidated equity accounted income to FFO from equity accounted investments:

| FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Consolidated equity accounted income  ..............................................................................................  $  2,613  $  2,451  Non-FFO items from equity accounted investments  1  ........................................................................  1,840  1,355  FFO from equity accounted investments  ...........................................................................................  $  4,453  $  3,806   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Adjustment to back out non-FFO expenses (income) that are included in consolidated equity accounted income including depreciation and amortization, deferred taxes and fair value changes from equity accounted investments.

## iii. Interest Expense

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the adjustment to interest expense consists of interest on loans between consolidated entities totaling $6 million (2021 - $28 million) that is eliminated on consolidation, along with the associated revenue.

## iv. Current Income Taxes

Current  income  taxes  are  included  in  FFO  but  are  aggregated  with  deferred  income  taxes  in  income  tax  expense  on  the company's Consolidated Statements of Operations. The following table reconciles consolidated income taxes to current and deferred income taxes:

| FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Current income tax expense  ....................................................................................................................  $  (1,278)  $  (1,114)  Deferred income tax expense  ..................................................................................................................  (191)  (1,210)  Income tax expense  .................................................................................................................................  $  (1,469)  $  (2,324)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## v. Reconciliation of Net Income to Total FFO

The following table reconciles net income to total FFO:

| FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  Note  2022  2021  Net income  ......................................................................................................................................  $  5,195  $  12,388  Financial statement components not included in FFO  Equity accounted fair value changes and other non-FFO items  ..................................................  1,840  1,355  Fair value changes  ........................................................................................................................  977  (5,151)  Depreciation and amortization  .....................................................................................................  7,683  6,437  Deferred income taxes  .................................................................................................................  191  1,210  Realized disposition gains in fair value changes or equity  .............................................................  vi  903  2,861  Non-controlling interests in FFO  ....................................................................................................  (10,495)  (11,542)  Total FFO  ........................................................................................................................................  $  6,294  $  7,558   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## vi. Realized Disposition Gains

Realized disposition gains include gains and losses recorded in net income arising from transactions during the current period, adjusted  to  include  fair  value  changes  and  revaluation  surplus  recorded  in  prior  periods  in  connection  with  the  assets  sold. Realized disposition gains also include amounts that are recorded directly in equity as changes in ownership, as opposed to net income, because they result from a change in ownership of an entity which was consolidated before and after the respective transaction.

The realized disposition gains recorded in fair value changes, revaluation surplus or directly in equity were $903 million for the year  ended  December 31, 2022 (2021 - $2.9 billion), of which $794 million relates to prior periods (2021 - $2.0 billion), $nil has been recorded directly in equity as changes in ownership (2021 - $751 million) and a gain of $109 million has been recorded in fair value changes (2021 -  $136 million).

## d) Geographic Allocation

The company's revenues by location of operations are as follows:

| FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  U.S.  .......................................................................................................................................................  $  24,724  $  19,694  Canada  ...................................................................................................................................................  10,752  7,548  U.K.  .......................................................................................................................................................  25,090  21,497  Australia  ................................................................................................................................................  6,041  5,892  Brazil  .....................................................................................................................................................  5,294  3,730  India  ......................................................................................................................................................  2,743  2,520  Germany  1,909  1,567  Colombia  ...............................................................................................................................................  2,135  1,890  Other Europe  .........................................................................................................................................  9,084  6,924  Other Asia  .............................................................................................................................................  3,042  2,708  Other  .....................................................................................................................................................  1,955  1,761  $  92,769  $  75,731   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The company's consolidated assets by location are as follows:

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  U.S.  ......................................................................................................................................................  $  206,714  $  172,952  Canada  ..................................................................................................................................................  50,894  52,989  U.K.  ......................................................................................................................................................  31,940  36,740  Australia  ...............................................................................................................................................  27,068  20,767  Brazil  ....................................................................................................................................................  25,500  22,052  India  .....................................................................................................................................................  19,521  20,935  Germany  ...............................................................................................................................................  12,262  7,663  Colombia  ..............................................................................................................................................  10,567  11,065  Other Europe  ........................................................................................................................................  31,713  24,402  Other Asia  ............................................................................................................................................  14,655  12,866  Other  ....................................................................................................................................................  10,450  8,572  $  441,284  $  391,003   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4. SUBSIDIARIES

The following table presents the details of the company's subsidiaries with significant non-controlling interests:

| Jurisdiction of  Formation  Ownership Interest Held by  Non-Controlling Interests  1, 2  AS AT DEC. 31  2022  2021  Brookfield Asset Management ULC ('BAM')  3  ......................................................  British  Columbia  25.0%  n/a  Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P. ('BEP')  4  ........................................................  Bermuda  51.7%  51.7%  Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P. ('BIP')  5  .....................................................  Bermuda  72.9%  72.8%  Brookfield Business Partners L.P. ('BBU')  6  ..........................................................  Bermuda  34.8%  35.6%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Control and associated voting rights of the limited partnerships (BEP, BIP and BBU) reside with their respective general partners which are wholly owned subsidiaries of the company. The company's general partner interest is entitled to earn base management fees and incentive payments in the form of incentive distribution rights or performance fees.

2. The company's ownership interest in BEP, BIP and BBU includes a combination of redemption-exchange units (REUs), Class A limited partnership units, special limited partnership units, general partnership units and units or shares that are exchangeable for units in our listed partnerships, in each subsidiary, where applicable. Each  of  BEP,  BIP  and  BBU's  partnership  capital  includes  its  Class  A  limited  partnership  units  whereas  REUs  and  general  partnership  units  are  considered  noncontrolling interests for the respective partnerships. REUs share the same economic attributes in all respects except for the redemption right attached thereto. The REUs and general partnership units participate in earnings and distributions on a per unit basis equivalent to the per unit participation of the Class A limited partnership units of the subsidiary.

3. On December 9, 2022, the company made a $2.4 billion special distribution of a 25% interest in Brookfield Asset Management ULC, our asset management business, which was previously wholly-owned by the company.

4. Ownership interest held by non-controlling interests represents the combined units not held in BEP and Brookfield Renewable Corporation ('BEPC').

5. Ownership interest held by non-controlling interests represents the combined units not held in BIP and Brookfield Infrastructure Corporation ('BIPC').

6. Ownership interest held by non-controlling interests represents the combined units not held in BBU and Brookfield Business Corporation ('BBUC').

The table below presents the exchanges on which the company's subsidiaries with significant non-controlling interests were publicly listed as of December 31, 2022:

| TSX  NYSE  BEP  ....................................................................................................................................................................  BEP.UN  BEP  BIP  .....................................................................................................................................................................  BIP.UN  BIP  BBU  ...................................................................................................................................................................  BBU.UN  BBU   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  following  table  outlines  the  composition  of  accumulated  non-controlling  interests  presented  within  the  company's consolidated financial statements:

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  BAM 1  .................................................................................................................................................................  $  2,377  $  -  BEP  ....................................................................................................................................................................  21,651  19,355  BIP  .....................................................................................................................................................................  23,030  23,695  BBU  ...................................................................................................................................................................  16,026  10,197  BPG 2  ..................................................................................................................................................................  29,321  28,115  Individually immaterial subsidiaries with non-controlling interests  .................................................................  5,733  7,024  $  98,138  $  88,386   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. On December 9, 2022, the company made a $2.4 billion special distribution of a 25% interest in Brookfield Asset Management ULC, our asset management business, which was previously wholly-owned by the company.

2. This balance represents non-controlling interests within the consolidated funds of BPG.

All publicly listed subsidiaries are subject to independent governance. Accordingly, the company has no direct access to the assets of these subsidiaries. Summarized financial information with respect to the company's subsidiaries with significant noncontrolling interests is  set  out  below.  The  summarized  financial  information  represents  amounts  before  intra-group eliminations:

| BAM 1  BEP  BIP  BBU  BPG  AS AT AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  Current assets  ...................................................................................  $  5,690  $  -  $  4,183  $  2,889  $  6,686  $  4,896  $  18,312  $  15,418  $  15,626  $  25,866  Non-current assets  ............................................................................  6,820  -  59,928  52,978  66,283  69,065  71,186  48,801  162,198  143,383  Current liabilities  ..............................................................................  (2,093)  -  (4,943)  (3,222)  (8,377)  (8,661)  (16,954)  (13,912)  (41,653)  (35,006)  Non-current liabilities  .......................................................................  (915)  -  (32,882)  (28,649)  (39,038)  (38,909)  (54,079)  (37,307)  (74,982)  (72,163)  Non-controlling interests  ..................................................................  (2,377)  -  (21,651)  (19,355)  (23,030)  (23,695)  (16,026)  (10,197)  (29,321)  (28,115)  Equity attributable to Brookfield  ......................................................  $  7,125  $  -  $  4,635  $  4,641  $  2,524  $  2,696  $  2,439  $  2,803  $  31,868  $  33,965  Revenues  ..........................................................................................  $  3,375  $  -  $  4,711  $  4,096  $  14,427  $  11,537  $  57,545  $  46,587  $  13,835  $  12,314  Net income (loss) attributable to:  Non-controlling interests  .............................................................  $  442  $  -  $  327  $  151  $  1,350  $  2,489  $  275  $  1,846  $  2,639  $  3,836  Shareholders  .................................................................................  2,276  -  (189)  (217)  25  230  80  307  496  1,927  $  2,718  $  -  $  138  $  (66)  $  1,375  $  2,719  $  355  $  2,153  $  3,135  $  5,763  Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to:  Non-controlling interests  .............................................................  $  (8)  $  -  $  1,868  $  1,835  $  39  $  197  $  (297)  $  218  $  356  $  857  Shareholders  .................................................................................  (24)  -  622  931  109  63  (97)  65  13  451  $  (32)  $  -  $  2,490  $  2,766  $  148  $  260  $  (394)  $  283  $  369  $  1,308   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. On December 9, 2022, the company made a $2.4 billion special distribution of a 25% interest in Brookfield Asset Management ULC, our asset management business, which was previously wholly-owned by the company. BAM results are presented as at and for the year ended December 31, 2022.

The summarized cash flows of the company's subsidiaries with significant non-controlling interests are as follows:

| BAM 1  BEP  BIP  BBU  BPG  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  Cash flows from (used in):  Operating activities  .......................................................................  $  (2,329)  $  -  $  1,711  $  734  $  3,131  $  2,772  $  1,011  $  1,693  $  (1,657)  $  4,041  Financing activities  .......................................................................  (3,467)  -  3,489  2,143  56  (995)  18,070  7,063  6,871  7,504  Investing activities  ........................................................................  6,848  -  (5,066)  (2,544)  (3,365)  (1,173)  (18,721)  (8,926)  (3,756)  (10,260)  Distributions paid to non-controlling interests in common equity  .  $  -  $  -  $  477  $  456  $  810  $  715  $  28  $  13  $  -  $  120   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. On December 9, 2022, the company made a $2.4 billion special distribution of a 25% interest in Brookfield Asset Management ULC, our asset management business, which was previously wholly-owned by the company. BAM results are presented as at and for the year ended December 31, 2022.

## 5. ACQUISITIONS OF CONSOLIDATED ENTITIES

## a) Completed During 2022

The following table summarizes the balance sheet impact as a result of business combinations that occurred in the year ended December 31, 2022. The valuations of the assets acquired are still under evaluation and as such the business combinations have been accounted for on a provisional basis:

| (MILLIONS)  Private Equity  Real Estate  Renewable  Power and  Transition  Infrastructure  and Other  Total  Cash and cash equivalents  ..........................  $  953  $  605  $  85  $  7  $  1,650  Accounts receivable and other  ....................  1,446  302  379  10  2,137  Other financial assets  ..................................  4,558  188  12  11  4,769  Inventory  .....................................................  485  5  31  2  523  Equity accounted investments  ....................  461  222  -  -  683  Investment properties  .................................  -  9,805  -  -  9,805  Property, plant and equipment  ....................  1,502  3,224  3,087  160  7,973  Intangible assets  ..........................................  11,594  82  -  302  11,978  Goodwill  .....................................................  8,155  456  691  279  9,581  Deferred income tax assets  .........................  62  -  10  1  73  Total assets  .................................................  29,216  14,889  4,295  772  49,172  Less:  Accounts payable and other  .....................  (2,300)  (795)  (1,201)  (55)  (4,351)  Non-recourse borrowings  ........................  (4,924)  (3,707)  (424)  (52)  (9,107)  Deferred income tax liabilities  ................  (1,911)  (878)  (50)  (18)  (2,857)  Non-controlling interests  1  ........................  (96)  (1,788)  (32)  (64)  (1,980)  (9,231)  (7,168)  (1,707)  (189)  (18,295)  Net assets acquired  .....................................  $  19,985  $  7,721  $  2,588  $  583  $  30,877  Bargain purchase gain  ................................  -  370  -  -  370  Consideration  2  ............................................  $  19,985  $  7,351  $  2,588  $  583  $  30,507   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Includes non-controlling interests recognized on business combinations measured as the proportionate share of fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities on the date of acquisition.

2. Total consideration, including amounts paid by non-controlling interests that participated in the acquisition as investors in Brookfield-sponsored private funds or as co-investors.

Brookfield recorded $4.0 billion of revenue and $528 million of net loss in 2022 from the acquired operations as a result of the acquisitions made during the year. If the acquisitions had occurred at the beginning of the year, they would have contributed $8.1 billion and $344 million to total revenues and net loss, respectively.

The following table summarizes the balance sheet impact as a result of significant business combinations that occurred in 2022. The valuations of the assets acquired are still under evaluation and as such the business combinations have been accounted for on a provisional basis.

| Private Equity  Real Estate  Renewable Power and  Transition  (MILLIONS)  CDK  Scientific  Games  La Trobe  Watermark  Lodging  German  Office  Portfolio  Irish  Office  U.S. Wind  Portfolio  U.S.  Utility-  Scale Solar  Cash and cash equivalents  ..  $  301  $  61  $  155  $  172  $  357  $  74  $  26  $  22  Accounts receivable and  other  ....................................  544  272  37  144  93  1  280  58  Other financial assets  .........  32  4  4,511  -  105  4  2  -  Inventory  ............................  15  169  -  5  -  -  -  -  Equity accounted  investments  .........................  175  277  -  222  -  -  -  -  Investment properties  .........  -  -  -  -  5,429  1,359  -  -  Property, plant and  equipment  ...........................  82  313  4  3,161  35  8  1,796  561  Intangible assets  .................  4,827  3,983  646  77  -  -  -  -  Goodwill  .............................  4,580  1,235  392  -  453  3  9  287  Deferred income tax assets  .  2  4  9  -  -  -  -  -  Total assets .........................  10,558  6,318  5,754  3,781  6,472  1,449  2,113  928  Less:  Accounts payable and  other  .................................  (995)  (333)  (39)  (327)  (243)  (42)  (970)  (77)  Non-recourse borrowings  (72)  -  (4,471)  (317)  (1,965)  (209)  (25)  (48)  Deferred income tax  liabilities  ..........................  (1,098)  (206)  (194)  -  (760)  (84)  -  (43)  Non-controlling  interests  1  ........................  (81)  -  -  -  (1,509)  -  (26)  -  (2,246)  (539)  (4,704)  (644)  (4,477)  (335)  (1,021)  (168)  Net assets acquired  ............  $  8,312  $  5,779  $  1,050  $  3,137  $  1,995  $  1,114  $  1,092  $  760  Consideration  2  ....................  $  8,312  $  5,779  $  1,050  $  3,137  $  1,995  $  1,114  $  1,092  $  760   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Includes non-controlling interests recognized on business combinations measured as the proportionate share of fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities on the date of acquisition.

2. Total consideration, including amounts paid by non-controlling interests that participated in the acquisition as investors in Brookfield-sponsored private funds or as co-investors.

## Private Equity

On April 4, 2022, a subsidiary of the company, alongside institutional partners, acquired a 100% interest in Scientific Games, LLC ('Scientific  Games'),  a  service  provider  to  government-sponsored  lottery  programs  with  capabilities  in  game  design, distribution,  systems  and  terminals  and  turnkey  technology  solutions.  The  total  consideration  paid  for  the  business  was $5.8 billion, funded with debt and equity. Goodwill of $1.2 billion was recognized, which is not deductible for income tax purposes. Total revenues and net loss that would have been recorded if the transaction had occurred at the beginning of the year are $1.1 billion and $83 million, respectively.

On May 31, 2022, a subsidiary of the company, alongside institutional partners, acquired a 100% interest in La Trobe Financial Services Pty Limited ('La Trobe'), an Australian non-bank residential mortgage lender. The total consideration paid for the business  was  $1.1  billion,  funded  with  debt,  equity,  non-cash  and  contingent  consideration.  Goodwill  of  $392  million  was recognized, which is not deductible for income tax purposes. Total revenues and net income that would have been recorded if the transaction had occurred at the beginning of the year are $402 million and $90 million, respectively.

On July 6, 2022, a subsidiary of the company, alongside institutional partners, acquired a 100% interest in CDK Global, Inc. ('CDK Global'), a provider of technology services and software solutions to automotive dealers. The total consideration paid for the business was $8.3 billion, funded with debt and equity. Goodwill of $4.6 billion was recognized, which is not deductible for  income  tax  purposes.  Total  revenues  and  net  loss  that  would  have  been  recorded  if  the  transaction  had  occurred  at  the beginning of the year are $1.8 billion and $338 million, respectively.

## Real Estate

A  subsidiary  of  the  company,  alongside  institutional  partners,  acquired  a  95%  interest  in  a  German  office  portfolio.  The transaction was acquired in stages and was accounted for as a business combination as of the date in which control was attained on January 11, 2022. The total consideration paid for the portfolio was $2.0 billion, comprising of $188 million of debt and an existing 46% interest valued at $1.8 billion. Goodwill of $453 million was recognized, which is not deductible for income tax purposes.  Total  revenues  and  net  loss  that  would  have  been  recorded  if  the  transaction  had  occurred  if  the  transaction  had occurred at the beginning of the year are $238 million and $17 million, respectively.

On  June  15,  2022,  a  subsidiary  of  the  company,  alongside  institutional  partners,  acquired  a  100%  interest  in  a  real  estate investment  trust  comprised  of  primarily  office  properties  in  Ireland.  The  total  consideration  paid  for  the  business  was $1.1  billion.  Goodwill  of  $3  million  was  recognized.  Total  revenues  and  net  loss  that  would  have  been  recorded  if  the transaction had occurred at the beginning of the year are $61 million and $49 million, respectively.

On October 21, 2022, a subsidiary of the company, alongside institutional partners, acquired a 100% interest in Watermark Lodging Trust. The total consideration paid for the portfolio was $3.1 billion. No goodwill was recognized on acquisition. Total revenues  and  net  income  that  would  have  been  recorded  if  the  transaction  had  occurred  at  the  beginning  of  the  year  are $760 million and $5 million, respectively.

## Renewable Power and Transition

On January 24, 2022, a subsidiary of the company, alongside institutional partners, completed the acquisition of 100% of a utility scale development business in the U.S. The total consideration paid for the portfolio was $760 million. Goodwill of $287 million was recognized, which is not deductible for income tax purposes. Total revenues and net loss that would have been recorded if the transaction had occurred at the beginning of the year are $11 million and $68 million, respectively.

On December 16, 2022, a subsidiary of the company, alongside institutional partners, completed the acquisition of 100% of a renewable developer in the U.S. The total consideration paid for the business was $1.1 billion. Goodwill of $9 million was recognized, which is not deductible for income tax purposes. Total revenues and net loss that would have been recorded if the transaction had occurred at the beginning of the year are $82 million and $7 million, respectively.

## b) Completed During 2021

The following table summarizes the balance sheet impact as a result of business combinations that occurred in the year ended December  31,  2021.  No  material  changes  were  made  to  those  allocations  disclosed  in  the  2021  consolidated  financial statements:

| (MILLIONS)  Private Equity  Infrastructure  Real Estate  Renewable Power  and Transition  and Other  Total  Cash and cash equivalents  ................  $  288  $  217  $  78  $  3  $  586  Accounts receivable and other  ..........  826  455  104  100  1,485  Inventory  ...........................................  690  23  2  6  721  Equity accounted investments  ..........  20  -  7  45  72  Investment properties  .......................  -  -  988  -  988  Property, plant and equipment  ..........  2,518  10,179  2,172  2,366  17,235  Intangible assets  ................................  4,535  3,734  67  -  8,336  Goodwill  ...........................................  3,960  2,400  113  118  6,591  Deferred income tax assets  ...............  6  9  -  -  15  Total assets  .......................................  12,843  17,017  3,531  2,638  36,029  Less:  Accounts payable and other  ...........  (1,811)  (3,271)  (131)  (188)  (5,401)  Non-recourse borrowings  ..............  (132)  (6,698)  (1,452)  (975)  (9,257)  Deferred income tax liabilities  ......  (1,215)  (1,430)  (113)  -  (2,758)  Non-controlling interests  1  ..............  (22)  (156)  (3)  (2)  (183)  (3,180)  (11,555)  (1,699)  (1,165)  (17,599)  Net assets acquired  ...........................  $  9,663  $  5,462  $  1,832  $  1,473  $  18,430  Consideration  2  ..................................  $  9,663  $  5,462  $  1,832  $  1,473  $  18,430   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Includes non-controlling interests recognized on business combinations measured as the proportionate share of fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities on the date of acquisition.

2. Total consideration, including amounts paid by non-controlling interests that participated in the acquisition as investors in Brookfield-sponsored private funds or as coinvestors.

Brookfield recorded $2.8 billion of revenue and $3 million of net income in 2021 from the acquired operations as a result of the acquisitions made in 2021 If the acquisitions had occurred at the beginning of 2021, they would have contributed $8.6 billion and $351 million to total revenue and net income, respectively.

The following table summarizes the balance sheet impact as a result of significant business combinations that occurred in 2021. No material changes were made to those allocations disclosed in the 2021 consolidated financial statements.

| Private Equity  Infrastructure  Real Estate  Renewable Power and  Transition  (MILLIONS)  Modulaire  DexKo  Aldo  IPL  Life  Sciences  Assets  U.S. Wind  U.S.  Distributed  Generation  Cash and cash equivalents  .........  $  100  $  106  $  59  $  121  $  6  $  1  $  1  Accounts receivable and other  ...  418  278  31  420  1  71  28  Inventory  ....................................  104  436  48  20  -  6  -  Equity accounted investments  ....  -  19  -  -  -  -  -  Investment properties  .................  -  -  -  -  988  -  -  Property, plant and equipment  ...  1,963  462  5  9,865  -  1,643  723  Intangible assets  .........................  1,941  2,212  295  2,569  2  -  -  Goodwill  ....................................  1,667  1,408  421  2,096  36  -  117  Deferred income tax assets  ........  -  6  -  -  -  -  -  Total assets  .................................  6,193  4,927  859  15,091  1,033  1,721  869  Less:  Accounts payable and other  ....  (817)  (637)  (136)  (3,012)  (7)  (142)  (45)  Non-recourse borrowings  ........  (27)  (2)  -  (6,185)  -  (835)  (140)  Deferred income tax liabilities  (590)  (504)  (100)  (1,229)  (36)  -  -  Non-controlling interests  1  .......  -  (10)  -  -  -  -  -  (1,434)  (1,153)  (236)  (10,426)  (43)  (977)  (185)  Net assets acquired  ....................  $  4,759  $  3,774  $  623  $  4,665  $  990  $  744  $  684  Consideration  2  ............................  $  4,759  $  3,774  $  623  $  4,665  $  990  $  744  $  684   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Includes non-controlling interests recognized on business combinations measured as the proportionate share of fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities on the date of acquisition.

2. Total consideration, including amounts paid by non-controlling interests that participated in the acquisition as investors in Brookfield-sponsored private funds or as co-investors.

## Private Equity

On  August  31,  2021,  a  subsidiary  of  the  company,  alongside  institutional  partners,  acquired  a  100%  interest  in  Aldo Componentes Eletrônicos LTDA ('Aldo'), a leading distributor of solar power solutions for the distributed generation market in Brazil. The total consideration paid for the business was $623 million, comprising of $295 million of cash consideration and $328 million of contingent consideration payable to the former shareholder if certain performance targets are met. Goodwill of $421 million was recognized, which is not deductible for income tax purposes. Total revenues and net income that would have been recorded if the transaction had occurred at the beginning of 2021 are $553 million and $68 million, respectively.

On October 4, 2021, a subsidiary of the company, alongside institutional partners, acquired a 100% interest in DexKo Global Inc.  ('DexKo'),  a  leading  global  manufacturer  of  highly  engineered  components  primarily  for  industrial  trailers  and  other towable-equipment providers. The total consideration paid for the business was $3.8 billion, comprising of $1.1 billion of cash, $2.6  billion  of  debt  raised  for  the  acquisition  and  $30  million  of  contingent  consideration.  Goodwill  of  $1.4  billion  was recognized, which is not deductible for income tax purposes. Total revenues and net loss that would have been recorded if the transaction had occurred at the beginning of 2021 are $2.5 billion and $139 million, respectively.

On December 15, 2021, a subsidiary of the company, alongside institutional partners, acquired a 100% interest in Modulaire Investments  2  S.à.r.l.  ('Modulaire'),  a  provider  of  modular  building  leasing  services  in  Europe  and  Asia-Pacific.  The  total consideration paid for the business was $4.8 billion, comprising of $1.6 billion of cash and $3.2 billion of debt raised for the acquisition. Goodwill of $1.7 billion was recognized, which is not deductible for income tax purposes. Total revenues and net income  that  would  have  been  recorded  if  the  transaction  had  occurred  at  the  beginning  of  2021  are  $1.7  billion  and $135 million, respectively.

## Infrastructure

During  2021,  a  subsidiary  of  the  company,  alongside  institutional  partners,  acquired  a  100%  interest  in  Inter  Pipeline  Ltd. ('IPL'). The transaction was accounted for as a business combination as of the initial acquisition on August 20, 2021. The total consideration paid for the business was $4.7 billion, comprising of $1.9 billion of cash, $0.2 billion of BIPC exchangeable LP units, $1.1 billion of BIPC exchangeable shares, $0.9 billion of debt raised on closing, and an existing 10% interest valued at $0.6 billion on the initial acquisition date. Goodwill of $2.1 billion was recognized, which is not deductible for income tax purposes. Total revenues and net income that would have been recorded if the transaction had occurred at the beginning of 2021 are $2.5 billion and $274 million, respectively.

## Real Estate

On June 16, 2021, a subsidiary of the company, alongside institutional partners, acquired a portfolio of life sciences assets in the  U.K.,  through  our  Brookfield  Strategic  Real  Estate  Partners  III  fund.  The  total  consideration  paid  for  the  portfolio  was $990  million,  comprising  of  $352  million  of  cash  with  the  remainder  funded  through  non-recourse  borrowings  raised concurrently on closing. Total revenues and net income that would have been recorded if the transaction had occurred at the beginning of 2021 are $34 million and $86 million, respectively.

## Renewable Powder and Transition

On March 24, 2021, a subsidiary of the company, alongside institutional partners,  completed  the  acquisition  of 100%  of  a portfolio of three wind generation facilities and development projects located in the U.S. The total consideration paid for the portfolio was $744 million. Total revenues and net income that would have been recorded if the transaction had occurred at the beginning of 2021 are $183 million and $12 million, respectively.

On March 31, 2021, a subsidiary of the company, alongside institutional partners,  completed  the  acquisition  of 100%  of  a distributed generation business in the U.S. The total consideration paid for the business was $684 million. Total revenues and net  income  that  would  have  been  recorded  if  the  transaction  had  occurred  at  the  beginning  of  2021  are  $79  million  and $6 million, respectively.

## 6. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

## a) Financial Instruments Classification

The following tables list the company's financial instruments by their respective classification as at December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| AS AT DEC. 31, 2022  (MILLIONS)  Fair Value  Through  Profit or Loss  Fair Value  Through OCI  Amortized  Cost  Total  Financial assets  1  Cash and cash equivalents  ............................................................  $  -  $  -  $  14,396  $  14,396  Other financial assets  Government bonds  .....................................................................  -  1,566  -  1,566  Corporate bonds  .........................................................................  426  1,717  4  2,147  Fixed income securities and other  ..............................................  4,170  1,798  2,794  8,762  Common shares and warrants  ....................................................  4,953  1,519  -  6,472  Loans and notes receivable  ........................................................  53  -  7,899  7,952  9,602  6,600  10,697  26,899  Accounts receivable and other  2  .....................................................  3,749  -  16,131  19,880  $  13,351  $  6,600  $  41,224  $  61,175  Financial liabilities  Corporate borrowings  ...................................................................  $  -  $  -  $  11,390  $  11,390  Non-recourse borrowings of managed entities  Property-specific borrowings  .....................................................  -  -  187,544  187,544  Subsidiary borrowings  ...............................................................  -  -  15,140  15,140  -  -  202,684  202,684  Accounts payable and other  2  .........................................................  6,895  41,664  48,559  Subsidiary equity obligations  ........................................................  1,114  -  3,074  4,188  $  8,009  $  -  $  258,812  $  266,821   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Financial assets include $14.0 billion of assets pledged as collateral.

2. Includes derivative instruments which are elected for hedge accounting, totaling $3.0 billion included in accounts receivable and other and $2.1 billion included in accounts payable and other, for which changes in fair value are recorded in other comprehensive income.

| AS AT DEC. 31, 2021  (MILLIONS)  Fair Value  Through  Profit or Loss  Fair Value  Through OCI  Amortized Cost  Total  Financial assets  1  Cash and cash equivalents  ..........................................................  $  -  $  -  $  12,694  $  12,694  Other financial assets  Government bonds  ...................................................................  -  2,020  -  2,020  Corporate bonds  .......................................................................  514  2,004  3  2,521  Fixed income securities and other  ...........................................  1,484  1,637  120  3,241  Common shares and warrants  ..................................................  3,492  2,435  -  5,927  Loans and notes receivable  ......................................................  5  -  2,832  2,837  5,495  8,096  2,955  16,546  Accounts receivable and other  2  ..................................................  2,345  -  12,973  15,318  $  7,840  $  8,096  $  28,622  $  44,558  Financial liabilities  Corporate borrowings  .................................................................  $  -  $  -  $  10,875  $  10,875  Non-recourse borrowings of managed entities  Property-specific borrowings  ..................................................  -  -  152,181  152,181  Subsidiary borrowings  .............................................................  -  -  12,876  12,876  -  -  165,057  165,057  Accounts payable and other  2  ......................................................  5,490  -  38,014  43,504  Subsidiary equity obligations  .....................................................  1,538  -  2,770  4,308  $  7,028  $  -  $  216,716  $  223,744   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Financial assets include $10.1 billion of assets pledged as collateral.

2. Includes derivative instruments which are elected for hedge accounting, totaling $1.1 billion included in accounts receivable and other and $1.5 billion included in accounts payable and other, for which changes in fair value are recorded in other comprehensive income.

Gains  or  losses  arising  from  changes  in  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  ('FVTPL')  financial  assets  are  presented  in  the Consolidated Statements of Operations in the period in which they arise. Dividends from FVTPL and fair value through other comprehensive income ('FVTOCI') financial assets are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations when the company's right to receive payment is established. Interest on FVTOCI financial assets is calculated using the effective interest method and reported in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

FVTOCI  debt  and  equity  securities  are  recorded  on  the  balance  sheet  at  fair  value  with  changes  in  FVTOCI.  As  at December 31, 2022, the unrealized gains and losses relating to the fair value of FVTOCI securities amounted to $78 million (2021 - $996 million) and $1.1 billion (2021 - $213 million), respectively.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, net deferred income of $10 million (2021 - $1 million) previously recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income was reclassified to net income as a result of the disposition or impairment of certain of our FVTOCI financial assets that are not equity instruments.

Included in cash and cash equivalents is cash of $12.0 billion (2021 - $10.8 billion) and short-term deposits of $2.4 billion (2021 - $1.9 billion) as at December 31, 2022.

## b) Carrying and Fair Value

The following table lists the company's financial instruments by their respective classification as at December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| 2022  2021  AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  Carrying  Value  Fair  Value  Carrying  Value  Fair  Value  Financial assets  Cash and cash equivalents  .......................................................................................  $  14,396  $  14,396  $  12,694  $  12,694  Other financial assets  Government bonds  ................................................................................................  1,566  1,566  2,020  2,020  Corporate bonds  ....................................................................................................  2,147  2,147  2,521  2,521  Fixed income securities and other  ........................................................................  8,762  8,762  3,241  3,241  Common shares and warrants  ...............................................................................  6,472  6,472  5,927  5,927  Loans and notes receivable  ...................................................................................  7,952  7,952  2,837  2,837  26,899  26,899  16,546  16,546  Accounts receivable and other  .................................................................................  19,880  19,880  15,318  15,318  $  61,175  $  61,175  $  44,558  $  44,558  Financial liabilities  Corporate borrowings  ..............................................................................................  $  11,390  $  9,599  $  10,875  $  11,993  Non-recourse borrowings of managed entities  Property-specific borrowings  ...............................................................................  187,544  184,254  152,181  153,844  Subsidiary borrowings  ..........................................................................................  15,140  14,708  12,876  13,415  202,684  198,962  165,057  167,259  Accounts payable and other  .....................................................................................  48,559  48,559  43,504  43,504  Subsidiary equity obligations  ..................................................................................  4,188  4,188  4,308  4,308  $  266,821  $  261,308  $  223,744  $  227,064   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The current and non-current balances of other financial assets are as follows:

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Current  ................................................................................................................................................................  $  7,565  $  6,963  Non-current  ........................................................................................................................................................  19,334  9,583  Total  ...................................................................................................................................................................  $  26,899  $  16,546   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## c) Fair Value Hierarchy Levels

The  following  table  categorizes  financial  assets  and  liabilities,  which  are  carried  at  fair  value,  based  upon  the  fair  value hierarchy levels:

| 2022  2021  AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Financial assets  Other financial assets  Government bonds  ...................................................  $  91  $  1,475  $  -  $  48  $  1,972  $  -  Corporate bonds  .......................................................  65  1,754  324  85  2,050  383  Fixed income securities and other  ............................  493  2,099  3,376  762  1,908  451  Common shares and warrants  ..................................  3,975  377  2,120  4,063  548  1,316  Loans and notes receivables  .....................................  22  26  5  -  -  5  4,646  5,731  5,825  4,958  6,478  2,155  Accounts receivable and other  ....................................  12  3,731  6  3  2,265  77  $  4,658  $  9,462  $  5,831  $  4,961  $  8,743  $  2,232  Financial liabilities  Accounts payable and other  ........................................  $  7  $  4,469  $  2,419  $  29  $  4,150  $  1,311  Subsidiary equity obligations  ......................................  -  441  673  -  135  1,403  $  7  $  4,910  $  3,092  $  29  $  4,285  $  2,714   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year ended December 31, 2022 there was a transfer of $460 million to Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, reflecting a change in valuation technique to a discounted cash flow approach driven by assumptions concerning the amount and timing of estimated future cash flows and discount rates. No other transfers were made between Levels 1, 2, or 3 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

Fair values of financial instruments are determined by reference to quoted bid or ask prices, as appropriate. If bid and ask prices are unavailable, the closing price of the most recent transaction of that instrument is used. In the absence of an active market, fair  values  are  determined  based  on  prevailing  market  rates  for  instruments  with  similar  characteristics  and  risk  profiles  or internal  or  external  valuation  models,  such  as  option  pricing  models  and  discounted  cash  flow  analysis,  using  observable market inputs.

The  following  table  summarizes  the  valuation  techniques  and  key  inputs  used  in  the  fair  value  measurement  of  Level  2 financial instruments:

| (MILLIONS)  Type of Asset/Liability  Carrying Value  Dec. 31, 2022  Valuation Techniques and Key Inputs  Other financial assets  .....................  $  5,731  Valuation models based on observable market data  Derivative assets/Derivative  liabilities (accounts receivable/  accounts payable)  ...........................  3,731 /  (4,469)  Foreign currency forward contracts - discounted cash flow model -  forward exchange rates (from observable forward exchange rates at the end  of the reporting period) and discounted at credit adjusted rate  Interest rate contracts - discounted cash flow model - forward interest rates  (from observable yield curves) and applicable credit spreads discounted at a  credit adjusted rate  Energy derivatives - quoted market prices, or in their absence internal  valuation models, corroborated with observable market data  Redeemable fund units (subsidiary  equity obligations)  .........................  (441)  Aggregated market prices of underlying investments   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Fair values determined using valuation models requiring the use of unobservable inputs (Level 3 financial assets and liabilities) include assumptions concerning the amount and timing of estimated future cash flows and discount rates. In determining those unobservable inputs, the company uses observable external market inputs such as interest rate yield curves, currency rates and price and rate volatilities, as applicable, to develop assumptions regarding those unobservable inputs.

The  following  table  summarizes  the  valuation  techniques  and  significant  unobservable  inputs  used  in  the  fair  value measurement of Level 3 financial instruments:

| (MILLIONS)  Type of Asset/Liability  Carrying Value  Dec. 31, 2022  Valuation  Techniques  Significant  Unobservable Inputs  Relationship of Unobservable  Inputs to Fair Value  Corporate bonds  .........................  $  324  Discounted cash  flows  •  Future cash flows  •  Increases (decreases) in  future cash flows increase  (decrease) fair value  •  Discount rate  •  Increases (decreases) in  discount rate decrease  (increase) fair value  Fixed income securities and  other  ...........................................  3,376  Discounted cash  flows  •  Future cash flows  •  Increases (decreases) in  future cash flows increase  (decrease) fair value  •  Discount rate  •  Increases (decreases) in  discount rate decrease  (increase) fair value  Common shares and warrants  ....  2,120  Discounted cash  flows  •  Future cash flows  •  Increases (decreases) in  future cash flows increase  (decrease) fair value  •  Discount rate  •  Increases (decreases) in  discount rate decrease  (increase) fair value  Black-Scholes  model  •  Volatility  •  Increases (decreases) in  volatility increase (decreases)  fair value  •  Term to maturity  •  Increases (decreases) in term  to maturity increase  (decrease) fair value  Derivative assets/Derivative  liabilities (accounts receivable/  payable)  ......................................  6 /  (2,419)  Discounted cash  flows  •  Future cash flows  •  Increases (decreases) in  future cash flows increase  (decrease) fair value  •  Discount rate  •  Increases (decreases) in  discount rate decrease  (increase) fair value  Limited-life funds (subsidiary  equity obligations)  .....................  (673)  Discounted cash  flows  •  Future cash flows  •  Increases (decreases) in  future cash flows increase  (decrease) fair value  •  Discount rate  •  Increases (decreases) in  discount rate decrease  (increase) fair value  •  Terminal  capitalization rate  •  Increases (decreases) in  terminal capitalization  rate decrease (increase) fair  value  •  Investment horizon  •  Increases (decreases) in the  investment horizon decrease   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(increase) fair value

The following table presents the changes in the balance of financial assets and liabilities classified as Level 3 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| 2022  2021  AS AT AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  Financial  Assets  Financial  Liabilities  Financial  Assets  Financial  Liabilities  Balance, beginning of year  .....................................................................................  $  2,232  $  2,714  $  2,369  $  2,104  Fair value changes in net income  ............................................................................  95  (394)  160  96  Fair value changes in other comprehensive income  1  ..............................................  (13)  (3)  (8)  94  Additions, net of disposals  ......................................................................................  3,517  775  (289)  420  Balance, end of year  ................................................................................................  $  5,831  $  3,092  $  2,232  $  2,714   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Includes foreign currency translation.

The following table categorizes financial liabilities measured at amortized cost, but for which fair values are disclosed based upon the fair value hierarchy levels:

| 2022  2021  AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Corporate borrowings  .................................................  $  9,524  $  75  $  -  $  11,906  $  87  $  -  Property-specific borrowings  .....................................  6,742  87,764  89,748  12,163  65,234  76,620  Subsidiary borrowings  ................................................  7,547  2,100  5,061  6,831  -  6,411  Subsidiary equity obligations  .....................................  -  689  2,385  -  544  2,226   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Fair values of Level 2 and Level 3 liabilities measured at amortized cost but for which fair values are disclosed are determined using valuation techniques such as adjusted public pricing and discounted cash flows.

## d) Hedging Activities

The company uses derivatives and non-derivative financial instruments to manage or maintain exposures to interest, currency, credit and other market risks. Derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair value. For certain derivatives which are used to manage exposures, the company determines whether hedge accounting can be applied. Hedge accounting is applied when the derivative is designated as a hedge of a specific exposure and there is assurance that it will continue to be highly effective as a hedge based on an expectation of offsetting cash flows or fair value. Hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively when the derivative no longer qualifies as a hedge or the hedging relationship is terminated. Once discontinued, the cumulative change in fair value of a derivative that was previously recorded in other comprehensive income by the application of hedge accounting is recognized in profit or loss over the remaining term of the original hedging relationship as amounts related to the hedged item are recognized in profit or loss. The assets or liabilities relating to unrealized mark-to-market gains and losses on derivative financial instruments are recorded in financial assets and liabilities, respectively.

## i. Cash Flow Hedges

The company uses the following cash flow hedges: energy derivative contracts to hedge the sale of power; interest rate swaps to hedge the variability in cash flows or future cash flows related to a variable rate asset or liability; and equity derivatives to  hedge  long-term  compensation  arrangements.  For  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  pre-tax  net  unrealized  gains  of $2.1 billion (2021 - $582 million) were recorded in other comprehensive income for the effective portion of the cash flow hedges. As at December 31, 2022, there was an unrealized derivative liability balance of $1.6 billion relating to derivative contracts designated as cash flow hedges (2021 - $232 million).

## ii. Net Investment Hedges

The  company  uses  foreign  exchange  contracts  and  foreign  currency  denominated  debt  instruments  to  manage  its  foreign currency exposures arising from net investments in foreign operations. For the year ended December 31, 2022, unrealized pretax net gains of $3.0 billion (2021 - $407 million) were recorded in other comprehensive income for the effective portion of hedges of net investments in foreign operations. As at December 31, 2022, there was an unrealized derivative liability balance of $756 million relating to derivative contracts designated as net investment hedges (2021 -  $163 million).

## e) Netting of Financial Instruments

Financial assets and liabilities are offset with the net amount reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, where the company currently has a legally enforceable right to offset and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

The  company  enters  into  derivative  transactions  under  International  Swaps  and  Derivatives  Association  ('ISDA')  master netting agreements. In general, under such agreements the amounts owed by each counterparty on a single day are aggregated into a single net amount that is payable by one party to the other. The agreements provide the company with the legal and enforceable right to offset these amounts and accordingly the following balances are presented net in the consolidated financial statements:

| Accounts Receivable  and Other  Accounts Payable  and Other  AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  2022  2021  Gross amounts of financial instruments before netting  ...........................................  $  4,638  $  4,814  $  4,703  $  5,037  Gross amounts of financial instruments set-off in the Consolidated Balance  Sheets  .......................................................................................................................  (889)  (2,469)  (861)  (2,452)  Net amounts of financial instruments in the Consolidated Balance Sheets  ............  $  3,749  $  2,345  $  3,842  $  2,585   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7. ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE AND OTHER

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  Note  2022  2021  Accounts receivable  ............................................................................................................................  (a)  $  14,155  $  11,332  Prepaid expenses and other assets  .......................................................................................................  10,557  8,162  Restricted cash  ....................................................................................................................................  (b)  2,666  2,266  Total  ....................................................................................................................................................  $  27,378  $  21,760   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The current and non-current balances of accounts receivable and other are as follows:

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Current  ..............................................................................................................................................................  $  19,489  $  16,098  Non-current  .......................................................................................................................................................  7,889  5,662  Total  ...................................................................................................................................................................  $  27,378  $  21,760   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## a) Accounts Receivable

Accounts receivable includes contract assets of $703 million (2021 - $651 million). Contract assets primarily relate to work-inprogress on our long-term construction services contracts for which customers have not yet been billed.

## b) Restricted Cash

Restricted cash primarily relates to the financing arrangements including defeasement of debt obligations, debt service accounts and deposits held by the company's insurance operations across our segments.

## 8. INVENTORY

The following table presents the components of inventory:

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Residential properties under development  .........................................................................................................  $  1,558  $  2,135  Land held for development  ...............................................................................................................................  1,895  1,802  Completed residential properties  ......................................................................................................................  2,342  1,869  Industrial products  .............................................................................................................................................  2,911  3,113  Other  1  .................................................................................................................................................................  4,137  2,496  Total  ...................................................................................................................................................................  $  12,843  $  11,415   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. As at December 31, 2022, the significant components of other inventory are fuel inventory of $850 million and logistics buildings of $575 million. As at December 31, 2021, the significant components of other inventory were fuel inventory of $731 million and office developments of $213 million.

The current and non-current balances of inventory are as follows:

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Current  ..............................................................................................................................................................  $  9,108  $  8,557  Non-current  .......................................................................................................................................................  3,735  2,858  Total  ...................................................................................................................................................................  $  12,843  $  11,415   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the company recognized $44.1 billion of inventory relating to cost of goods sold (2021  -  $35.7  billion)  and  a  $110  million  expense  for  impaired  inventory  (2021  -  $96  million).  The  carrying  amount  of inventory pledged as collateral as at December 31, 2022 was $7.1 billion (2021 - $6.8 billion).

## 9. HELD FOR SALE

The following is a summary of the assets and liabilities classified as held for sale as at December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  Real Estate  Renewable  Power and  Transition  Infrastructure  Private  Equity and  Other  2022 Total  2021 Total  Assets  Cash and cash equivalents  ............  $  -  $  9  $  37  $  -  $  46  $  213  Accounts receivable and other  .....  2  12  33  107  154  298  Equity accounted investments  ......  277  -  138  (8)  407  276  Investment properties  ...................  388  -  -  -  388  9,053  Property, plant and equipment  .....  6  910  4  107  1,027  1,874  Intangible assets  ...........................  -  -  582  130  712  -  Goodwill  .......................................  -  -  21  11  32  220  Other long-term assets  ..................  14  6  41  -  61  -  Deferred income tax assets  ...........  -  -  -  3  3  24  Assets classified as held for sale  .....  $  687  $  937  $  856  $  350  $  2,830  $  11,958  Liabilities  Accounts payable and other  .........  $  4  $  181  $  81  $  38  $  304  $  139  Non-recourse borrowings of  managed entities  ...........................  -  171  394  4  569  3,009  Deferred income tax liabilities  .....  -  -  3  -  3  -  Liabilities associated with assets  classified as held for sale  .................  $  4  $  352  $  478  $  42  $  876  $  3,148   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at December 31, 2022, assets held for sale within our Real Estate segment include three malls in the U.S., two hospitality assets in the U.S., and one office asset in the U.S. Assets held for sale within our Renewable Power segment include a 378 MW operating hydroelectric portfolio in the U.S., as well as wind assets in the U.S. that were acquired as part of the acquisition of a renewables developer. Assets held for sale within our Infrastructure segment include the agreement to sell our Indian toll road operations, as well as the agreement from one of our subsidiaries to sell its 50% interest in a freeland port in Victoria, Australia.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we disposed of $13.5 billion and $3.7 billion of assets and liabilities, respectively. The majority of disposals relate to the sales of a student housing portfolio in the U.K., a triple-net lease portfolio, a hospitality portfolio, eleven malls and an office asset in the U.S, within our Real Estate segment.

## 10.  EQUITY ACCOUNTED INVESTMENTS

The following table presents the ownership interests and carrying values of the company's investments in associates and joint ventures, all of which are accounted for using the equity method:

| Ownership Interest  1  Carrying Value  AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  2022  2021  Oaktree  ...................................................................................................................  64%  62%  $  5,927  $  5,596  Real Estate  Associates  Transitional and Development  ..........................................................................  26 - 50%  n/a  485  -  LP Investments and other  ..................................................................................  16 - 31%  13 - 31%  41  251  Joint ventures  Core  ...................................................................................................................  25 - 56%  15 - 56%  7,324  9,819  Transitional and Development  ..........................................................................  9 - 68%  22 - 70%  11,095  10,303  LP Investments and other  ..................................................................................  6 - 98%  8 - 91%  3,319  4,813  22,264  25,186  Infrastructure  Associates  Utilities  ..............................................................................................................  8 - 38%  11 - 50%  1,244  946  Transport  ...........................................................................................................  26 - 58%  21 - 58%  1,772  4,724  Data  ...................................................................................................................  3%  45 - 50%  1,719  3,076  Other  ..................................................................................................................  22 - 50%  22 - 50%  297  106  Joint ventures  Utilities  ..............................................................................................................  15 - 49%  n/a  1,117  -  Transport  ...........................................................................................................  6 - 31%  50%  2,367  64  Midstream  ..........................................................................................................  20 - 38%  50%  757  653  Data  ...................................................................................................................  12 - 50%  n/a  2,571  -  11,844  9,569  Private Equity  Associates  Industrial operations  ..........................................................................................  9 - 54%  24 - 54%  932  787  Other  ..................................................................................................................  14 - 50%  14 - 70%  2,642  2,205  3,574  2,992  Renewable Power and Transition and other  Renewable Power and Transition associates  .......................................................  3 - 65%  3 - 65%  2,261  1,801  Other equity accounted investments  ...................................................................  35 - 82%  22 - 70%  1,224  956  3,485  2,757  Total  ...................................................................................................................................................................  $  47,094  $  46,100   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Joint ventures or associates in which the ownership interest is greater than 50% represent investments for which control is either shared or does not exist resulting in the investment being equity accounted.

The following table presents the change in the balance of investments in associates and joint ventures:

| AS AT AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  Oaktree  Real Estate  Infrastructure  Private  Equity  Renewable  Power and  Other  2022  Total  2021  Total  Balance, beginning of year  .............  $  5,596  $  25,186  $  9,569  $  2,992  $  2,757  $  46,100  $  41,327  Additions, net of disposals  1  ............  446  (3,063)  2,602  74  1,225  1,284  4,013  Acquisitions through business  combinations  ..................................  -  222  -  461  (1)  682  72  Share of comprehensive income  (loss)  ...............................................  235  1,492  894  232  (388)  2,465  3,387  Distributions received  ....................  (350)  (550)  (1,178)  (170)  (86)  (2,334)  (1,758)  Return of capital  .............................  -  (430)  -  (2)  -  (432)  (273)  Foreign currency translation and  other  ................................................  -  (593)  (43)  (13)  (22)  (671)  (668)  Balance, end of year  .......................  $  5,927  $  22,264  $  11,844  $  3,574  $  3,485  $  47,094  $  46,100   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Includes assets sold and amounts reclassified to held for sale.

Additions, net of disposals, of $1.3 billion during the year primarily relate to the acquisitions of equity accounted investments in AusNet Services Ltd, an Australian regulated utility business in Australia and a smart meter business in New Zealand within our Infrastructure segment. Our equity accounted investments balance also increased due to the joint venture partnership with Intel Corporation within our Infrastructure segment and capital contributions to Brookfield Reinsurance Ltd. These additions were  partially  offset  by  the  reclassification  of  our  German  office  portfolio  within  our  Real  Estate  segment  from  equity accounted investment to a consolidated subsidiary when control of the portfolio was obtained during 2022.

The following table presents current and non-current assets, as well as current and non-current liabilities  of  the  company's investments in associates and joint ventures:

| 2022  2021  AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  Current  Assets  Non-  Current  Assets  Current  Liabilities  Non-  Current  Liabilities  Current  Assets  Non-  Current  Assets  Current  Liabilities  Non-  Current  Liabilities  Oaktree  ..............................................  $  1,999  $  19,038  $  1,441  $  10,332  $ 2,136  $  20,351  $  1,936  $  9,229  Real Estate  Associates  Transitional and Development  .....  50  2,792  77  1,143  -  -  -  -  LP Investments and other  .............  71  109  54  -  17  1,070  19  757  Joint ventures  Core  ..............................................  1,297  27,599  1,464  12,785  1,985  39,322  2,272  17,787  Transitional and Development  .....  1,646  42,733  4,846  14,482  1,723  35,099  927  14,091  LP Investments and other  .............  1,875  11,309  1,464  5,605  1,854  19,622  1,214  9,164  Infrastructure  Associates  Utilities  .........................................  363  15,744  364  8,588  359  5,723  444  3,738  Transport  ......................................  1,318  12,033  2,259  5,919  1,325  24,322  2,160  12,981  Data  ..............................................  438  8,659  564  4,793  1,054  13,394  1,727  6,284  Other  ............................................  118  1,362  92  357  30  321  20  84  Joint ventures  Utilities  .........................................  372  6,167  366  4,088  -  -  -  -  Transport  ......................................  237  10,054  118  6,029  32  115  12  63  Midstream  ....................................  232  6,279  226  4,067  197  6,097  215  4,003  Data  ..............................................  1,009  6,640  647  3,640  -  -  -  -  Private Equity  Associates  Industrial operations  .....................  1,682  2,352  789  566  1,421  1,169  640  330  Other  ............................................  2,911  8,015  1,831  5,773  1,949  9,163  1,208  7,220  Renewable Power and Transition  and other  Renewable Power and Transition  associates  ........................................  4,163  14,878  3,375  8,125  2,763  12,675  2,546  6,811  Other equity accounted  investments  ....................................  3,558  40,355  5,327  36,721  2,075  9,419  1,593  8,465  $  23,339  $  236,118  $  25,304  $ 133,013  $  18,920  $  197,862  $  16,933  $  101,007   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Certain of the company's investments in associates are subject to restrictions on the extent to which they can remit funds to the  company in the form of cash dividends or repay loans and advances as a result of borrowing arrangements, regulatory restrictions and other contractual requirements.

The  following  table  presents  total  revenues,  net  income  and  other  comprehensive  income  ('OCI')  of  the  company's investments in associates and joint ventures:

| 2022  2021  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  Revenue  Net  Income  OCI  Revenue  Net  Income  OCI  Oaktree  ........................................................................  $  1,489  $  579  $  15  $  2,308  $  1,355  $  7  Real Estate  Associates  Transitional and Development  ...............................  (12)  128  -  -  -  -  LP Investments and other  ......................................  230  (6)  69  84  (133)  949  Joint ventures  Core  .......................................................................  1,192  1,234  143  1,917  1,404  100  Transitional and Development  ...............................  3,468  718  94  2,602  1,215  -  LP Investments and other  ......................................  1,362  350  312  1,114  457  321  Infrastructure  Associates  Utilities  ..................................................................  1,306  32  (112)  1,336  521  28  Transport  ................................................................  2,561  (132)  307  11,685  1,570  (433)  Data  ........................................................................  815  (23)  247  2,460  70  73  Other  ......................................................................  173  (349)  600  50  (66)  56  Joint ventures  Utilities  ..................................................................  869  183  171  -  -  -  Transport  ................................................................  14,372  1,580  93  123  4  (2)  Midstream  ..............................................................  918  220  67  783  137  -  Data  ........................................................................  1,571  337  522  -  -  -  Private Equity  Associates  Industrial operations  ..............................................  3,462  456  9  3,082  424  (4)  Other  ......................................................................  6,077  320  (28)  5,215  (233)  (113)  Renewable Power and Transition and other  Renewable Power and Transition associates  ...........  3,487  359  (583)  2,891  (208)  (15)  Other equity accounted investments  ........................  5,100  492  (870)  7,344  (46)  (15)  $  48,440  $  6,478  $  1,056  $  42,994  $  6,471  $  952   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Certain of the company's investments are publicly listed entities with active pricing in a liquid market.

## 11.  INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

The following table presents the change in the fair value of the company's investment properties:

| AS AT AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Fair value, beginning of year  ..............................................................................................................................  $  100,865  $  96,782  Additions  ............................................................................................................................................................  11,580  13,558  Acquisitions through business combinations  .....................................................................................................  9,805  988  Changes in basis of accounting  ..........................................................................................................................  (274)  599  Dispositions  1  .......................................................................................................................................................  (4,430)  (15,017)  Fair value changes  ............................................................................................................................................  629  5,073  Foreign currency translation and other  ...............................................................................................................  (3,075)  (1,118)  Fair value, end of year  2  ......................................................................................................................................  $  115,100  $ 100,865   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Includes amounts reclassified to held for sale.

2. As  at  December  31,  2022,  the  ending  balance  includes  $108.2  billion  (December  31,  2021  -  $94.9  billion)  of  investment  properties  leased  to  third  parties  and $4.4 billion of Right-of-use ('ROU') investment properties (December 31, 2021 - $4.1 billion).

Investment  properties  include  the  company's  office,  retail,  multifamily  and  other  properties.  Additions  and  acquisitions  of $21.4 billion (2021 - $14.5 billion) primarily relate to the purchases of investment properties within our real estate funds and enhancement of existing assets during the period.

Dispositions  of  $4.4  billion  (2021  -  $15.0  billion)  included  the  sale  of  multiple  triple  net  lease  investment  properties, multifamily and retail assets in the U.S, office assets in the U.K. and Canada, and a portfolio of student housing assets in the U.K. In addition, the current period includes the reclassification of certain assets held within our real estate funds to assets held for sale.

Investment  properties  generated  $6.2  billion  (2021  -  $5.7  billion)  in  rental  income  and  incurred  $2.9  billion  (2021  $2.6  billion)  in  direct  operating  expenses.  Most  of  our  investment  properties  are  pledged  as  collateral  for  the  non-recourse borrowings at their respective properties.

The following table presents our investment properties measured at fair value:

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Core  ....................................................................................................................................................................  $  19,267  $  19,384  Transitional and Development  ...........................................................................................................................  25,434  28,334  LP Investments  ...................................................................................................................................................  69,501  51,620  Other investment properties  ...............................................................................................................................  898  1,527  $  115,100  $  100,865   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) are utilized when determining the fair value of investment properties. The significant Level 3 inputs include:

| Valuation  Technique  Significant Unobservable  Inputs  Relationship of Unobservable  Inputs to Fair Value  Mitigating Factors  Discounted cash  flow analysis  1  •  Future cash flows -  primarily driven by net  operating income  •    Increases (decreases) in future  cash flows increase (decrease)  fair value  •  Increases (decreases) in cash flows tend to be  accompanied by increases (decreases) in  discount rates that may offset changes in fair  value from cash flows  •  Discount rate  •  Increases (decreases) in  discount rate decrease  (increase) fair value  •  Increases (decreases) in discount rates tend to  be accompanied by increases (decreases) in  cash flows that may offset changes in fair  value from discount rates  •  Terminal capitalization  rate  •  Increases (decreases) in  terminal capitalization rate  decrease (increase) fair value  •  Increases (decreases) in terminal  capitalization rates tend to be accompanied  by increases (decreases) in cash flows that  may offset changes in fair value from  terminal capitalization rates  •  Investment horizon  •  Increases (decreases) in the  investment horizon decrease  (increase) fair value  •  Increases (decreases) in the investment  horizon tend to be the result of changing cash  flow profiles that may result in higher (lower)  growth in cash flows prior to stabilizing in  the terminal year   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Certain  investment  properties  are  valued  using  the  direct  capitalization  method  instead  of  a  discounted  cash  flow  model.  Under  the  direct  capitalization  method,  a capitalization rate is applied to estimated current year cash flows.

The company's investment properties are diversified by asset type, asset class, geography and market. Therefore, there may be mitigating factors in addition to those noted above, such as changes to assumptions that vary in direction and magnitude across different geographies and markets.

The following table summarizes the key valuation metrics of the company's investment properties:

| 2022  2021  AS AT DEC. 31  Discount  Rate  Terminal  Capitalization  Rate  Investment  Horizon  (years)  Discount  Rate  Terminal  Capitalization  Rate  Investment  Horizon  (years)  Core  .................................................  6.2%  4.6%  11  5.9%  4.6%  11  Transitional and Development  1  .......  7.6%  5.9%  10  7.3%  5.8%  10  LP Investments  1  ...............................  8.4%  5.7%  13  9.1%  5.9%  13  Other investment properties  2  ...........  7.5%  n/a  n/a  8.7%  n/a  n/a   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. The rates presented are for investment properties valued using the discounted cash flow method. These rates exclude multifamily, triple net lease, student housing, manufactured housing and other investment properties valued using the direct capitalization method.

2. Other investment properties include investment properties held in our Infrastructure and Private Equity segments.

## 12.  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

The company's PP&amp;E relates to the operating segments as shown below:

| Renewable  Power and  Transition (a)  Infrastructure (b)  Real Estate (c)  Private Equity  and Other (d)  Total  AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  Costs  ...................................  $  34,483  $  30,588  $  39,440  $  39,769  $  15,367  $  11,568  $  23,024  $  21,083  $  112,314  $  103,008  Accumulated fair value  changes  ...............................  30,726  28,138  3,251  3,077  1,794  881  (841)  (1,022)  34,930  31,074  Accumulated depreciation  .  (9,966)  (8,409)  (5,398)  (4,191)  (1,799)  (1,481)  (5,813)  (4,512)  (22,976)  (18,593)  Total  1  ..................................  $  55,243  $  50,317  $  37,293  $  38,655  $  15,362  $  10,968  $  16,370  $  15,549  $  124,268  $  115,489   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. As at December 31, 2022, the total includes $5.6 billion (2021 - $5.8 billion) of PP&amp;E leased to third parties as operating leases. Our ROU PP&amp;E assets include $435 million (2021 - $415 million) in our Renewable Power and Transition segment, $3.5 billion (2021 - $4.0 billion) in our Infrastructure segment, $1.0 billion (2021 - $986 million) in our Real Estate segment, and $1.7 billion (2021 - $1.6 billion) in our Private Equity and other segments, totaling $6.6 billion (2021 - $7.0 billion) of ROU assets.

Renewable Power and Transition, Infrastructure and Real Estate segments primarily carry PP&amp;E assets at fair value, classified as  Level  3  in  the  fair  value  hierarchy  due  to  the  use  of  significant  unobservable  inputs  when  determining  fair  value.  The carrying amount that would have been recognized had our assets been accounted for under the cost model is $75.4 billion (2021 -  $72.0  billion).  Private  Equity  and  other  segments  carry  PP&amp;E  assets  at  amortized  cost.  As  at  December  31,  2022, $88.2  billion (2021  -  $66.2  billion) of PP&amp;E,  at  cost,  were  pledged  as  collateral for the property  debt at their respective properties.

## a) Renewable Power and Transition

Our renewable power and transition PP&amp;E consists of the following:

| Hydroelectric  Wind  Solar and Other  Total  AS AT AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  Cost, beginning of year  ...........................  $  13,871  $  13,899  $  9,033  $  8,398  $  7,684  $ 6,541  $  30,588  $  28,838  Additions, net of disposals and assets  reclassified as held for sale  .....................  (542)  734  950  (907)  1,267  648  1,675  475  Acquisitions through business  combinations  ...........................................  -  -  1,765  1,643  1,321  723  3,086  2,366  Foreign currency translation  ...................  (849)  (762)  156  (101)  (173)  (228)  (866)  (1,091)  Cost, end of year  .....................................  12,480  13,871  11,904  9,033  10,099  7,684  34,483  30,588  Accumulated fair value changes,  beginning of year  ....................................  23,973  19,865  2,461  2,908  1,704  1,465  28,138  24,238  Fair value changes  ..................................  2,681  4,581  1,060  (44)  162  282  3,903  4,819  Dispositions and assets reclassified as  held for sale  ............................................  -  -  (135)  (354)  -  -  (135)  (354)  Foreign currency translation  ...................  (1,012)  (473)  (133)  (49)  (35)  (43)  (1,180)  (565)  Accumulated fair value changes, end  of year  .....................................................  25,642  23,973  3,253  2,461  1,831  1,704  30,726  28,138  Accumulated depreciation, beginning of  year  .........................................................  (5,151)  (4,731)  (2,086)  (2,293)  (1,172)  (846)  (8,409)  (7,870)  Depreciation expenses  ............................  (624)  (556)  (557)  (599)  (413)  (355)  (1,594)  (1,510)  Dispositions and assets reclassified as  held for sale  ............................................  86  22  4  792  7  1  97  815  Foreign currency translation  ...................  125  114  (222)  14  37  28  (60)  156  Accumulated depreciation, end of year  ..  (5,564)  (5,151)  (2,861)  (2,086)  (1,541)  (1,172)  (9,966)  (8,409)  Balance, end of year  ...............................  $  32,558  $  32,693  $  12,296  $  9,408  $  10,389  $ 8,216  $  55,243  $  50,317  The following table presents our renewable power and transition PP&amp;E  measured at fair value by geography:  AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  North America  ...................................................................................................................................................  $  37,016  $  32,629  Colombia  ............................................................................................................................................................  8,264  8,497  Brazil  ..................................................................................................................................................................  4,708  3,547  Europe  ................................................................................................................................................................  3,396  3,935  Other  1  .................................................................................................................................................................  1,859  1,709  $  55,243  $  50,317   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Other refers primarily to China, India and Chile.

Renewable power and transition assets are accounted for under the revaluation model and the most recent date of revaluation was  December  31,  2022.  Valuations  utilize  significant  unobservable  inputs  (Level  3)  when  determining  the  fair  value  of renewable power and transition assets. The significant Level 3 inputs include:

| Valuation  Technique  Significant  Unobservable Inputs  Relationship  of  Unobservable  Inputs  to Fair Value  Mitigating Factors  Discounted cash  flow analysis  •  Future cash flows -  primarily impacted by  future electricity price  assumptions  •  Increases (decreases) in future cash  flows increase (decrease) fair value  •  Increases (decreases) in cash flows  tend to be accompanied by increases  (decreases) in discount rates that  may offset changes in fair value  from cash flows  •  Discount rate  •  Increases (decreases) in discount rate  decrease (increase) fair value  •  Increases (decreases) in discount  rates tend to be accompanied by  increases (decreases) in cash flows  that may offset changes in fair value  from discount rates  •  Terminal  capitalization rate  •  Increases (decreases) in terminal  capitalization rate decrease (increase)  fair value  •  Increases (decreases) in terminal  capitalization rates tend to be  accompanied by increases  (decreases) in cash flows that may  offset changes in fair value from  terminal capitalization rates  •  Terminal year  •  Increases (decreases) in the terminal  year decrease (increase) fair value  •  Increases (decreases) in the terminal  year tend to be the result of  changing cash flow profiles that may  result in higher (lower) growth in  cash flows prior to stabilizing in the  terminal year   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Key valuation metrics of the company's hydroelectric, wind and solar generating facilities at the end of 2022 and 2021 are summarized below.

| North America  Brazil  Colombia  Europe  AS AT DEC. 31  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  Discount rate  Contracted  ................  4.9 - 5.4%  4.1 - 4.4%  8.2%  7.2%  8.5%  7.9%  4.4%  3.9%  Uncontracted  ............  6.2 - 6.7%  5.4 - 5.6%  9.5%  8.5%  9.7%  9.2%  4.4%  3.9%  Terminal  capitalization rate  1  ......  4.3 - 4.9%  4.8 - 5.1%  n/a  n/a  7.7%  8.0%  n/a  n/a  Terminal year  ..............  2044  2042  2051  2048  2042  2041  2036  2036   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Terminal capitalization rate applies only to hydroelectric assets in North America and Colombia.

Terminal values are included in the valuation of hydroelectric assets in the U.S., Canada and Colombia. For the hydroelectric assets in Brazil, cash flows have been included based on the duration of the authorization or useful life of a concession asset without consideration of potential renewal value. The weighted-average remaining duration as at December 31, 2022, which includes  a  one-time  30-year  renewal  for  applicable  hydroelectric  assets  completed  in  the  current  year,  is 35  years  (2021  31 years). Consequently, there is no terminal value attributed to the hydroelectric assets in Brazil.

Key assumptions on contracted generation and future power pricing are summarized below:

| AS AT DEC. 31, 2022  Total Generation Contracted  under Power Purchase  Agreements  Power Prices from Long-  Term Power Purchase  Agreements  (weighted average)  Estimates of Future  Electricity Prices  (weighted average)  1 - 10 years  11 - 20 years  1 - 10 years  11 - 20 years  1 - 10 years  11 - 20 years  North America (prices in US$/MWh)  ...  54%  16%  88  74  93  135  Brazil (prices in R$/MWh)  ....................  75%  43%  336  387  290  387  Colombia (prices in COP$/MWh)  .........  32%  2%  293  352  376  554  Europe (prices in €/MWh)  .....................  90%  65%  72  66  62  74   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The company's estimate of future renewable power pricing is based on management's estimate of the cost of securing new energy from renewable sources to meet future demand between 2026 and 2035 (2021 - between 2025 and 2035), which will maintain system reliability and provide adequate levels of reserve generation.

## b) Infrastructure

Our infrastructure PP&amp;E consists of the following:

| Utilities  Transport  Midstream  Data  Sustainable  Resources and  Other  Total  AS AT AND FOR THE YEARS  ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  Cost, beginning of year  ...................  $  7,582  $  9,306  $  8,999  $  8,698  $  14,862  $  4,321  $  8,324  $  8,593  $  2  $  294  $  39,769  $  31,212  Additions, net of disposals and  assets reclassified as held for sale  ...  345  (1,788)  642  312  780  511  561  (103)  -  (294)  2,328  (1,362)  Acquisitions through business  combinations  ...................................  108  180  -  134  -  9,865  53  -  -  -  161  10,179  Foreign currency translation  ...........  (743)  (116)  (356)  (145)  (963)  165  (754)  (166)  (2)  2  (2,818)  (260)  Cost, end of year  .............................  7,292  7,582  9,285  8,999  14,679  14,862  8,184  8,324  -  2  39,440  39,769  Accumulated fair value changes,  beginning of year  ............................  1,626  2,917  1,045  1,047  408  338  -  -  (2)  324  3,077  4,626  Disposition and assets reclassified  as held for sale  ................................  -  (1,399)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (244)  -  (1,643)  Fair value changes  ...........................  176  134  112  48  118  70  -  -  -  (80)  406  172  Foreign currency translation  ...........  (178)  (26)  (53)  (50)  (3)  -  -  -  2  (2)  (232)  (78)  Accumulated fair value changes,  end of year  .......................................  1,624  1,626  1,104  1,045  523  408  -  -  -  (2)  3,251  3,077  Accumulated depreciation,  beginning of year  ............................  (1,272)  (1,613)  (1,668)  (1,404)  (622)  (356)  (629)  (263)  -  (35)  (4,191)  (3,671)  Depreciation expenses  ....................  (326)  (352)  (468)  (481)  (418)  (270)  (384)  (419)  -  (4)  (1,596)  (1,526)  Dispositions and assets reclassified  as held for sale  ................................  21  682  9  161  11  20  41  45  -  38  82  946  Foreign currency translation  ...........  121  11  87  56  47  (16)  52  8  -  1  307  60  Accumulated depreciation, end of  year  ..................................................  (1,456)  (1,272)  (2,040)  (1,668)  (982)  (622)  (920)  (629)  -  -  (5,398)  (4,191)  Balance, end of year  ........................  $  7,460  $  7,936  $  8,349  $  8,376  $  14,220  $  14,648  $  7,264  $  7,695  $  -  $  -  $  37,293  $  38,655   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Infrastructure's  PP&amp;E  assets  are  accounted  for  under  the  revaluation  model,  and  the  most  recent  date  of  revaluation  was December  31,  2022.  The  utilities  assets  consist  of  regulated  transmission  and  regulated  distribution  networks,  which  are operated primarily under regulated rate base arrangements. In the transport operations, the PP&amp;E assets consist of railroads, toll roads and ports. PP&amp;E assets in the midstream operations are comprised of energy transmission, distribution and storage. Data PP&amp;E include mainly telecommunications towers, fiber optic networks and data storage assets.

Valuations  utilize  significant  unobservable  inputs  (Level  3)  when  determining  the  fair  value  of  infrastructure's  utilities, transport, midstream and data assets. The significant Level 3 inputs include:

| Valuation  Technique  Significant  Unobservable Inputs  Relationship  of  Unobservable  Inputs  to Fair Value  Mitigating Factors  Discounted cash  flow analysis  •  Future cash flows  •  Increases (decreases) in future cash  flows increase (decrease) fair value  •  Increases (decreases) in cash flows  tend to be accompanied by increases  (decreases) in discount rates that  may offset changes in fair value  from cash flows  •  Discount rate  •  Increases (decreases) in discount rate  decrease (increase) fair value  •  Increases (decreases) in discount  rates tend to be accompanied by  increases (decreases) in cash flows  that may offset changes in fair value  from discount rates  •  Terminal  capitalization multiple  •  Increases (decreases) in terminal  capitalization multiple increases  (decreases) fair value  •  Increases (decreases) in terminal  capitalization multiple tend to be  accompanied by increases  (decreases) in cash flows that may  offset changes in fair value from  terminal capitalization multiple  •  Investment horizon  •  Increases (decreases) in the  investment horizon decrease  (increase) fair value  •  Increases (decreases) in the  investment horizon tend to be  the result of changing cash flow  profiles that may result in higher  (lower) growth in cash flows prior to  stabilizing in the terminal year   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Key valuation metrics of the company's utilities, transport, and midstream assets at the end of 2022 and 2021 are summarized below.

| Utilities  Transport  Midstream  AS AT DEC. 31  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  Discount rates  ..................................................................  7 - 11%  7 - 11%  8 - 14%  7 - 14%  15%  15%  Terminal capitalization multiples  ....................................  18x  20x  9x - 15x  9x - 15x  10x  10x  Investment horizon  ..........................................................  10 - 20  10 -  20  10  10  5 - 10  5 - 10   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## c) Real Estate

| Cost  Accumulated Fair  Value Changes  Accumulated  Depreciation  Total  AS AT AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  Balance, beginning of year  ...................  $  11,568  $  9,420  $  881  $  393  $  (1,481)  $  (1,274)  $  10,968  $  8,539  Changes in basis of accounting  ............  11  (38)  1  8  31  1  43  (29)  Additions/(dispositions)  1  , net of assets  reclassified as held for sale  ...................  1,202  207  28  (657)  59  268  1,289  (182)  Acquisitions through business  combinations  ........................................  3,224  2,172  -  -  -  -  3,224  2,172  Foreign currency translation  .................  (638)  (193)  (35)  (2)  115  37  (558)  (158)  Fair value changes  ................................  -  -  1,039  1,113  -  -  1,039  1,113  Depreciation expenses  ..........................  -  -  -  -  (523)  (513)  (523)  (513)  Impairment charges  ..............................  -  -  (120)  26  -  -  (120)  26  Balance, end of year  .............................  $  15,367  $  11,568  $  1,794  $  881  $  (1,799)  $  (1,481)  $  15,362  $  10,968   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. For accumulated depreciation, (additions)/dispositions.

The company's real estate PP&amp;E assets include hospitality assets accounted for under the revaluation model, with the most recent  revaluation  as  at  December  31,  2022.  The  company  determined  fair  value  for  these  assets  by  using  the  depreciated replacement cost method. Valuations utilize significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) when determining the fair value of real estate assets. The significant Level 3 inputs include estimates of assets' replacement cost and remaining economic life.

## d) Private Equity and Other

Private equity and other PP&amp;E primarily includes assets owned by the company's private equity and residential development businesses. These assets are accounted for under the cost model, which requires the assets to be carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. The following table presents the changes to the carrying value of the company's PP&amp;E assets included in these businesses:

| Cost  Accumulated  Impairment  Accumulated  Depreciation  Total  AS AT AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  Balance, beginning of year  ...................  $  21,083  $  18,601  $  (1,022)  $  (873)  $  (4,512)  $  (3,631)  $  15,549  $  14,097  Changes in basis of accounting  ............  (37)  (820)  (8)  (3)  5  301  (40)  (522)  Additions/(dispositions)  1  , net of assets  reclassified as held for sale  ...................  1,443  1,120  41  97  372  271  1,856  1,488  Acquisitions through business  combinations  .......................................  1,502  2,518  -  -  -  -  1,502  2,518  Foreign currency translation  .................  (967)  (336)  11  (3)  170  34  (786)  (305)  Depreciation expenses  ..........................  -  -  -  -  (1,848)  (1,501)  (1,848)  (1,501)  Impairment charges  ..............................  -  -  137  (240)  -  14  137  (226)  Balance, end of year  .............................  $  23,024  $  21,083  $  (841)  $  (1,022)  $  (5,813)  $  (4,512)  $  16,370  $  15,549   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1.      For accumulated depreciation, (additions)/dispositions.

## 13. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

The following table presents a continuity of the company's intangible assets:

| Cost  Accumulated  Amortization and  Impairment  Total  AS AT AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  Balance, beginning of year  .........................................  $  34,810  $  27,946  $  (4,201)  $  (3,288)  $  30,609  $  24,658  Additions  ....................................................................  746  251  -  -  746  251  Disposals  1  ...................................................................  (2,434)  (972)  259  383  (2,175)  (589)  Acquisitions through business combinations  .............  12,011  8,639  2  -  12,013  8,639  Amortization  ...............................................................  -  -  (2,138)  (1,477)  (2,138)  (1,477)  Foreign currency translation  .......................................  (724)  (1,054)  80  181  (644)  (873)  Balance, end of year  ...................................................  $  44,409  $  34,810  $  (5,998)  $  (4,201)  $  38,411  $  30,609   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Includes assets sold and amounts reclassified to held for sale.

Intangible assets are allocated to the following operating segments:

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  Note  2022  2021  Private Equity  .....................................................................................................................................  (a)  $  25,032  $  14,806  Infrastructure  ......................................................................................................................................  (b)  11,822  14,214  Real Estate  ..........................................................................................................................................  (c)  1,202  1,226  Renewable Power and Transition and other  .......................................................................................  355  363  $  38,411  $  30,609   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## a) Private Equity

The intangible assets in our Private Equity segment are primarily related to:

- Customer relationships of $13.8 billion (2021 - $7.5 billion), which increased from the prior year primarily due to the acquisitions  of  nuclear  technology  services  operations,  modular  building  leasing  services  operations,  lottery  services operations,  advanced  energy  storage  operations,  dealer  software  and  technology  services  operations  and  engineered components manufacturing operations. The customer relationships acquired have a useful life of 6 to 30 years.
- Computer software and proprietary technology of $3.7 billion (2021 - $3.0 billion), which increased from the prior year mainly due to acquisitions completed in 2022. The proprietary technology pertains to the combination of processes, tools, techniques and developed systems for exclusive use and benefit within the operations and has a useful life of 10 to 20 years.
- Water and sewage concession agreements, the majority of which are arrangements with municipal governments across Brazil, of $2.1 billion (2021 - $1.8 billion). The concession agreements provide the company the right to charge fees to users over the terms of the agreements in exchange for water treatment services, ongoing and regular maintenance work on water distribution assets and improvements to the water treatment and distribution systems. The concession agreements have expiration dates that range from 2037 to 2056, which is the basis for the company's determination of the assets' remaining useful life. Upon expiry of the agreements, the assets will be returned to various grantors.
- Brands  and  trademarks  of  $3.3  billion  (2021  -  $1.9  billion),  which  increased  from  the  prior  year  mainly  due  to  the acquisition  of  the  aforementioned  nuclear  technology  services  operations,  dealer  software  and  technology  services operations,  modular  building  leasing  services  operations,  advanced  energy  storage  operations,  engineered  components manufacturing operations, fleet management and car rental services, and lottery services operations, have a useful life of 11 to 40 years.

## b) Infrastructure

The intangible assets in our Infrastructure segment are primarily related to:

- Concession  arrangements  of  $2.8  billion  (2021  -  $2.6  billion)  at  our  Brazilian  regulated  transmission  operation  that provide the right to charge a tariff over the term of the agreements. On April 8, 2021, new legislation was passed in Brazil which  extended  these  finite  authorizations  in  perpetuity.  These  assets  are  amortized  on  a  straight-line  basis  of  the underlying infrastructure.
- Customer  relationships  and  shipping  agreements  of  $2.2  billion  (2021  -  $2.5  billion)  at  our  Canadian  diversified midstream operation, relating to long-term take-or-pay and fee-for-service contractual arrangements. These agreements are with investment grade counterparties. These assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life.
- Customer relationships, operating network agreements and track access rights of $1.6 billion (2021 - $1.7 billion) at our North American rail operations. These intangible assets include long-term leases.
- Concession arrangements totaling $1.0 billion (2021 - $1.6 billion) relating to our Peruvian and Indian toll roads, which provide the right to charge a tariff to users of the roads over the terms of the concessions. The decrease from 2021 is primarily due to the disposition of our Indian toll roads. The Peruvian concessions have a useful life of 21 years. The company uses these expiration dates as a basis for determining the assets' remaining useful lives.
- Contractual customer relationships, customer contracts and proprietary technology of $1.3 billion (2021 - $1.3 billion) at our  North  American  residential  energy  infrastructure  operations.  This  business  generates  revenue  under  long-term contracts with a diversified customer base across North America.
- Indefinite life intangible assets of $867 million (2021 - $899 million).

## c) Real Estate

The intangible  assets  in  our  Real  Estate  segment  are  primarily  attributable  to  indefinite  life  trademarks  associated  with  the hospitality assets, which include Center Parcs U.K. properties ('Center Parcs'). The Center Parcs trademark assets have been determined to have an indefinite useful life as the company has the legal right to operate these trademarks exclusively in certain territories and in perpetuity.

## Inputs Used to Determine Recoverable Amounts of Intangible Assets

We test finite life intangible assets for impairment when an impairment indicator is identified. Indefinite life intangible assets are tested for impairment annually. We use a discounted cash flow valuation to determine the recoverable amount and consider the following significant unobservable inputs as part of our valuation:

| Valuation  Technique  Significant  Unobservable Input(s)  Relationship of Unobservable Input(s)  to Fair Value  Mitigating Factor(s)  Discounted cash  flow models  •  Future cash flows  •  Increases (decreases) in future cash  flows increase (decrease) the  recoverable amount  •  Increases (decreases) in cash flows  tend to be accompanied by increases  (decreases) in discount rates that  may offset changes in recoverable  amounts from cash flows  •  Discount rate  •  Increases (decreases) in discount rate  decrease (increase) the recoverable  amount  •  Increases (decreases) in discount  rates tend to be accompanied by  increases (decreases) in cash flows  that may offset changes in  recoverable amounts from discount  rates  •  Terminal capitalization  rate  •  Increases (decreases) in terminal  capitalization rate decrease (increase)  the recoverable amount  •  Increases (decreases) in terminal  capitalization rates tend to be  accompanied by increases  (decreases) in cash flows that may  offset changes in recoverable  amounts from terminal  capitalization rates  •  Investment horizon  •  Increases (decreases) in the  investment horizon decrease  (increase) the recoverable amount  •  Increases (decreases) in the  investment horizon tend to be the  result of changing cash flow profiles  that may result in higher (lower)  growth in cash flows prior to  stabilizing in the terminal year   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14. GOODWILL

The following table presents the balance and nature of the changes in goodwill:

| Cost  Accumulated  Impairment  Total  AS AT AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  Balance, beginning of year  .......................................  $  21,216  $  15,539  $  (989)  $  (825)  $  20,227  $  14,714  Acquisitions through business combinations  ............  9,581  6,591  -  -  9,581  6,591  Impairment losses  .....................................................  -  -  (121)  (177)  (121)  (177)  Foreign currency translation and other  1  ....................  (1,030)  (914)  5  13  (1,025)  (901)  Balance, end of year  ..................................................  $  29,767  $  21,216  $  (1,105)  $  (989)  $  28,662  $  20,227   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Includes adjustment to goodwill based on final purchase price allocation.

Goodwill is allocated to the following operating segments:

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  Note  2022  2021  Private Equity  .....................................................................................................................................  (a)  $  16,264  $  8,657  Infrastructure  ......................................................................................................................................  (b)  8,789  8,979  Real Estate  ..........................................................................................................................................  (c)  1,756  1,264  Renewable Power and Transition  .......................................................................................................  (d)  1,500  966  Asset Management  .............................................................................................................................  353  361  Total  ....................................................................................................................................................  $  28,662  $  20,227   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## a) Private Equity

Goodwill in our Private Equity segment increased from the prior year largely due to the acquisitions of a dealer software and technology services operations and a lottery services operations. These acquisitions were partially offset by the adverse impact of foreign currency translation and an impairment loss in our offshore oil services operations. The most significant assumptions used in this determination are discount rates and perpetuity growth rates which individually range from 7.8% to 13.1%, and 0.8% to 3.3%, respectively. These assumptions and inputs are forecasted over a period of 5 years except for specific cases.

## b) Infrastructure

Goodwill in our Infrastructure segment decreased from the prior year primarily due to foreign currency translation and other, partially offset by goodwill from acquisitions completed in 2022 attributable to our Indian telecommunications business, North American residential infrastructure business and U.K. telecom tower portfolio.

The  valuation  assumptions  used  to  determine  the  recoverable  amount  of  goodwill  has  been  determined  using  a  discounted cash flow model. The key inputs are discount rates ranging from 11% - 14%, terminal capitalization multiples of  8x - 20x and cash flow periods from 6 - 19 years. The recoverable amounts for the years ended 2022 and 2021 were determined to be in excess of their carrying values.

## c) Real Estate

Goodwill in our Real Estate segment is primarily attributable to Center Parcs U.K. and IFC Seoul. The increase for the year is largely due to acquisition of our German office portfolio and reclassification of certain real estate assets from assets held for sale into commercial properties. The recoverable amounts for the years ended 2022 and 2021 were determined to be in excess of their carrying values.

The valuation assumptions used to determine the recoverable amount for Center Parcs U.K. were a discount rate of 10.3% based on a market-based-weighted-average cost of capital, terminal capitalization rate of 6.2% and a long-term growth rate of 3.0%.

## d) Renewable Power and Transition

Goodwill  in  our  Renewable  Power  and  Transition  segment  is  primarily  attributable  to  a  hydroelectric  portfolio  and  the distributed generation and utility-scale solar portfolios. The increase in goodwill is due to acquisitions completed during the year. The goodwill on the hydroelectric portfolio arose from the inclusion of a deferred tax liability as the tax bases of the net assets acquired were lower than their fair values. The goodwill is recoverable as long as the tax circumstances that gave rise to the  goodwill  do  not  change.  To  date,  no  such  changes  have  occurred.  For  the  remaining  goodwill  balance, the  recoverable amounts  for  the  years  ended  2022  and  2021  were  determined  to  be  in  excess  of  their  carrying  values.  The  key  inputs  are discount rates ranging from 9% to 15%, terminal capitalization rate of 3x to 5x, cashflow periods from 4 to 5 years and future leverage assumptions of the operating segment.

## Inputs used to Determine Recoverable Amounts of Goodwill

The recoverable amounts used in goodwill impairment testing are calculated using discounted cash flow models based on the following significant unobservable inputs:

| Valuation  Technique  Significant  Unobservable Input(s)  Relationship of Unobservable Input(s) to  Fair Value  Mitigating Factor(s)  Discounted  cash flow  models  •  Future cash flows  •  Increases (decreases) in future cash  flows increase (decrease) the  recoverable amount  •  Increases (decreases) in cash flows tend  to be accompanied by increases  (decreases) in discount rates that may  offset changes in recoverable amounts  from cash flows  •  Discount rate  •  Increases (decreases) in discount rate  decrease (increase) the recoverable  amount  •  Increases (decreases) in discount rates  tend to be accompanied by increases  (decreases) in cash flows that may offset  changes in recoverable amounts from  discount rates  •  Terminal capitalization  rate/multiple  •  Increases (decreases) in terminal  capitalization rate/multiple decrease  (increase) the recoverable amount  •  Increases (decreases) in terminal  capitalization rates/multiple tend to be  accompanied by increases (decreases) in  cash flows that may offset changes in  recoverable amounts from terminal  capitalization rates  •  Investment horizon/  terminal year of cash  flows  •  Increases (decreases) in the investment  horizon/terminal year of cash flows  decrease (increase) the recoverable  amount  •  Increases (decreases) in the investment  horizon/terminal year of cash flows tend  to be the result of changing cash flow  profiles that may result in higher (lower)  growth in cash flows prior to stabilizing  in the terminal year   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 15.  INCOME TAXES

The major components of income tax expense for the years ended  December 31, 2022 and 2021 are set out below:

| FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Current income tax expense  ...............................................................................................................................  $  1,278  $  1,114  Deferred income tax expense / (recovery)  Origination and reversal of temporary differences  .........................................................................................  690  1,044  Recovery arising from previously unrecognized tax assets  ............................................................................  (447)  (251)  Change of tax rates and new legislation  .........................................................................................................  (52)  417  Total deferred income tax expense  ....................................................................................................................  191  1,210  Income tax expense  ............................................................................................................................................  $  1,469  $  2,324   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The company's Canadian domestic statutory income tax rate has remained consistent at 26% throughout both of 2022 and 2021. The company's effective income tax rate is different from the company's domestic statutory income tax rate due to the following differences set out below:

| FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  2022  2021  Statutory income tax rate  ...................................................................................................................................  26%  26%  (Reduction) increase in rate resulting from:  Change in tax rates and new legislation  ..........................................................................................................  (1)  3  International operations subject to different tax rates  .....................................................................................  3  (1)  Taxable income attributable to non-controlling interests  ...............................................................................  (3)  (10)  Portion of gains subject to different tax rates  .................................................................................................  (2)  (3)  Recognition of deferred tax assets  ..................................................................................................................  (6)  (2)  Non-recognition of the benefit of current year's tax losses  ............................................................................  3  2  Other  ...............................................................................................................................................................  2  1  Effective income tax rate  ...................................................................................................................................  22%  16%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Deferred income tax assets and liabilities as at December 31, 2022 and 2021 relate to the following:

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Non-capital losses (Canada)  ..............................................................................................................................  $  1,666  $  1,339  Capital losses (Canada)  ......................................................................................................................................  77  53  Losses (U.S.)  ......................................................................................................................................................  3,959  3,561  Losses (International)  .........................................................................................................................................  1,814  1,474  Difference in basis  .............................................................................................................................................  (27,303)  (23,415)  Total net deferred tax liabilities  .........................................................................................................................  $  (19,787)  $  (16,988)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The aggregate amount of temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries for which deferred tax liabilities have not been recognized as at December 31, 2022 is approximately $9 billion (2021 - approximately $9 billion).

The company regularly assesses the status of open tax examinations and its historical tax filing positions for the potential for adverse outcomes to determine the adequacy of the provision for income and other taxes. The company believes that it has adequately provided for any tax adjustments that are more likely than not to occur as a result of ongoing tax examinations or historical filing positions.

The dividend  payment  on  certain  preferred  shares  of  the  company  results  in  the  payment  of  cash  taxes  in  Canada  and  the company obtaining a deduction based on the amount of these taxes.

The following table details the expiry date, if applicable, of the unrecognized deferred tax assets:

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  One year from reporting date  .............................................................................................................................  $  29  $  8  Two years from reporting date  ...........................................................................................................................  11  30  Three years from reporting date  .........................................................................................................................  12  15  After three years from reporting date  .................................................................................................................  672  487  Do not expire  ......................................................................................................................................................  1,833  1,891  Total  ...................................................................................................................................................................  $  2,557  $  2,431   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The components of the income taxes in other comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are set out below:

| FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Revaluation of property, plant and equipment  ...................................................................................................  $  1,187  $  1,549  Financial contracts and power sale agreements  .................................................................................................  315  89  Fair value through OCI securities  ......................................................................................................................  (127)  83  Foreign currency translation  ..............................................................................................................................  87  (21)  Revaluation of pension obligation  .....................................................................................................................  61  71  Total deferred tax in other comprehensive income  ............................................................................................  $  1,523  $  1,771   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 16.  CORPORATE BORROWINGS

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  Maturity  Annual Rate  Currency  2022  2021  Term debt  Public - Canadian  ...............................................................  Mar. 8, 2024  5.04 %  C$  $  369  $  396  Public - U.S.  .......................................................................  Apr. 1 , 2024  4.00 %  US$  749  749  Public - U.S.  .......................................................................  Jan. 15, 2025  4.00 %  US$  500  500  Public - Canadian  ...............................................................  Jan. 28, 2026  4.82 %  C$  632  679  Public - U.S.  .......................................................................  Jun. 2, 2026  4.25 %  US$  497  497  Public - Canadian  ...............................................................  Mar. 16, 2027  3.80 %  C$  369  396  Public - U.S.  .......................................................................  Jan. 25, 2028  3.90 %  US$  1,073  649  Public - U.S.  .......................................................................  Mar. 29, 2029  4.85 %  US$  999  999  Public - U.S.  .......................................................................  Apr. 15, 2030  4.35 %  US$  749  749  Public - U.S.  .......................................................................  Apr. 15, 2031  2.72 %  US$  500  500  Public - U.S.  .......................................................................  Jan. 30, 2032  2.34 %  US$  600  600  Public - Canadian  ...............................................................  Dec. 14, 2032  5.43 %  C$  738  -  Public - U.S.  .......................................................................  Mar. 1, 2033  7.38 %  US$  250  250  Public - Canadian  ...............................................................  Jun. 14, 2035  5.95 %  C$  312  334  Private - Japanese  ..............................................................  Dec. 1, 2038  1.42 %  JPY  76  87  Public - U.S.  .......................................................................  Sep. 20, 2047  4.70 %  US$  902  902  Public - U.S.  .......................................................................  Apr. 15, 2050  3.45%  US$  594  594  Public - U.S.  .......................................................................  Mar. 30, 2051  3.50%  US$  758  758  Public - U.S.  .......................................................................  Feb. 15, 2052  3.63%  US$  400  -  Public - U.S.  .......................................................................  Oct. 16, 2080  4.63%  US$  400  400  11,467  10,039  Revolving facilities  1  ..............................................................  -  912  Deferred financing costs  2  ..................................................................................................................................  (77)  (76)  Total  ..................................................................................................................................................................  $  11,390  $  10,875   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Reflects commercial paper and credit facility draws outstanding as at December 31, 2022.

2. Deferred financing costs are amortized to interest expense over the term of the borrowing using the effective interest method.

Corporate borrowings, excluding revolving facilities, have a weighted-average interest rate of 4.2% (2021 - 4.2%). A portion of corporate borrowings are denominated in foreign currencies, which include C$3.3 billion (2021 - C$2.3 billion) payable in  Canadian  dollars  or  $2.4  billion  (2021  -  $1.8  billion)  and  ¥10  billion  (2021  -  ¥10  billion)  payable  in  Japanese  Yen  or $76 million (2021 - $87 million).

## 17.  ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND OTHER

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Accounts payable  ...............................................................................................................................................  $  12,743  $  11,258  Provisions  ...........................................................................................................................................................  3,591  4,244  Lease liabilities  ..................................................................................................................................................  8,506  9,041  Other liabilities  ...................................................................................................................................................  32,225  28,003  Total  ...................................................................................................................................................................  $  57,065  $  52,546   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The current and non-current balances of accounts payable, provisions and other liabilities are as follows:

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Current  ...............................................................................................................................................................  $  33,574  $  29,136  Non-current  ........................................................................................................................................................  23,491  23,410  Total  ...................................................................................................................................................................  $  57,065  $  52,546   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Post-Employment Benefits

The  company  offers  pension  and  other  post-employment  benefit  plans  to  employees  of  certain  of  its  subsidiaries.  The company's obligations under its defined benefit pension plans are determined periodically through the preparation of actuarial valuations. The benefit plans' valuation change during the year was an increase of $308 million (2021 - $545 million). The discount rate used was 5% (2021 - 3%) with an increase in the rate of compensation of 1% (2021 - 1%), and an investment rate of 4% (2021 - 4%).

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Plan assets  ..........................................................................................................................................................  $  2,560  $  3,503  Less accrued benefit obligation:  Defined benefit pension plan  ..........................................................................................................................  (3,141)  (4,352)  Other post-employment benefits  .....................................................................................................................  (128)  (163)  Net liability  ........................................................................................................................................................  (709)  (1,012)  Less: net actuarial losses and other  ....................................................................................................................  (11)  (29)  Accrued benefit liability  ....................................................................................................................................  $  (720)  $  (1,041)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 18.  NON-RECOURSE BORROWINGS OF MANAGED ENTITIES

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  Note  2022  2021  Subsidiary borrowings  ........................................................................................................................  (a)  $  15,140  $  12,876  Property-specific borrowings  .............................................................................................................  (b)  187,544  152,181  Total  ....................................................................................................................................................  $  202,684  $  165,057   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## a) Subsidiary Borrowings

Principal repayments on subsidiary borrowings due over the next five calendar years and thereafter are as follows:

| (MILLIONS)  Real Estate  Renewable  Power and  Transition  Infrastructure  Private Equity  Total  2023  ........................................................  $  725  $  249  $  464  $  31  $  1,469  2024  ........................................................  826  -  517  45  1,388  2025  ........................................................  369  295  -  51  715  2026  ........................................................  369  -  -  369  2027  ........................................................  3,412  369  428  2,100  6,309  Thereafter  ................................................  1,034  1,642  2,279  -  4,955  Total Principal repayments  .....................  6,735  2,555  3,688  2,227  15,205  Deferred financing costs and other  .........  (33)  (9)  (22)  (1)  (65)  Total - Dec. 31, 2022  .............................  $  6,702  $  2,546  $  3,666  $  2,226  $  15,140  Total - Dec. 31, 2021  ..............................  $  6,265  $  2,147  $  2,719  $  1,745  $  12,876   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The weighted-average interest rate on subsidiary borrowings as at December 31, 2022 was 5.2% (2021 - 3.5%).

The current and non-current balances of subsidiary borrowings are as follows:

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Current  ...............................................................................................................................................................  $  1,469  $  635  Non-current  ........................................................................................................................................................  13,671  12,241  Total  ...................................................................................................................................................................  $  15,140  $  12,876   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Subsidiary borrowings by currency include the following:

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  Local Currency  2021  Local Currency  U.S. dollars  .................................................................  $  7,850  US$  7,850  6,362  US$  6,362  Canadian dollars  .........................................................  7,217  C$  9,776  6,429  C$  8,130  Brazilian reais  .............................................................  73  Rs  381  85  Rs  472  Total  ............................................................................  $  15,140  $  12,876   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## b) Property-Specific Borrowings

Principal repayments on property-specific borrowings due over the next five calendar years and thereafter are as follows:

| (MILLIONS)  Real Estate  Renewable  Power and  Transition  Infrastructure  Private Equity  Total  2023  ........................................................  $  31,016  $  2,092  $  4,446  $  4,274  $  41,828  2024  ........................................................  20,400  3,657  3,048  7,933  35,038  2025  ........................................................  12,025  1,458  3,153  5,513  22,149  2026  ........................................................  6,228  2,089  4,877  9,104  22,298  2027  ........................................................  7,802  1,168  2,942  3,628  15,540  Thereafter  ................................................  9,090  12,401  11,793  19,247  52,531  Total Principal repayments  .....................  86,561  22,865  30,259  49,699  189,384  Deferred financing costs and other  .........  (511)  (39)  (378)  (912)  (1,840)  Total - Dec. 31, 2022  .............................  $  86,050  $  22,826  $  29,881  $  48,787  $  187,544  Total - Dec. 31, 2021  ..............................  $  75,807  $  19,893  $  28,515  $  27,966  $  152,181   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The weighted-average interest rate on property-specific borrowings as at December 31, 2022 was 6.4% (2021 - 4.0%).

The current and non-current balances of property-specific borrowings are as follows:

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Current  ...............................................................................................................................................................  $  41,828  $  31,244  Non-current  ........................................................................................................................................................  145,716  120,937  Total  ...................................................................................................................................................................  $  187,544  $  152,181   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Property-specific borrowings by currency include the following:

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  Local Currency  2021  Local Currency  U.S. dollars  ................................................................  $  109,555  US$  109,555  $  86,610  US$  86,610  British pounds  ...........................................................  10,660  £  8,823  12,446  £  9,197  Indian rupees  .............................................................  7,653  Rs  632,457  8,223  Rs  613,684  Canadian dollars  ........................................................  15,938  C$  21,590  16,660  C$  21,054  Euros  .........................................................................  20,316  €  18,986  12,722  €  11,204  Australian dollars  ......................................................  8,650  A$  12,696  4,392  A$  6,048  Brazilian reais  ...........................................................  7,572  R$  39,500  4,919  R$  27,449  Colombian pesos  .......................................................  2,524  COP$  12,157,354  2,367  COP$  9,480,307  Korean won  ...............................................................  1,822  ₩  2,296,121  1,910  ₩  2,271,074  Other currencies  ........................................................  2,854  Various  n/a  1,932  Various  n/a  Total  ..........................................................................  $  187,544  $  152,181   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 19.  SUBSIDIARY EQUITY OBLIGATIONS

Subsidiary equity obligations consist of the following:

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  Note  2022  2021  Subsidiary preferred equity units  ........................................................................................................  (a)  $  1,605  $  1,585  Limited-life funds and redeemable fund units  ....................................................................................  (b)  1,114  1,538  Subsidiary preferred shares and capital  ..............................................................................................  (c)  1,469  1,185  Total  ....................................................................................................................................................  $  4,188  $  4,308   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## a) Subsidiary Preferred Equity Units

In 2014, BPY issued $1.8 billion of exchangeable preferred equity units in three $600 million tranches redeemable in 2021, 2024  and  2026,  respectively.  The  preferred  equity  units  were  originally  exchangeable  into  equity  units  of  BPY  at  $25.70 per unit, at the option of the holder, at any time up to and including the maturity date. Following the privatization of BPY ('BPY privatization'), the preferred equity units became exchangeable into cash equal to the value of the consideration that would have been received upon the BPY privatization (a combination of cash, BN shares and New LP Preferred Units), based on the value of that consideration on the date of exchange. BPY also has the option of delivering the actual consideration (a combination  of  cash,  BN  shares  and  New  LP  Preferred  Units).  Following  the  BPY  privatization,  we  have  agreed  with  the holder to grant the company the right to purchase all or any portion of the preferred equity units of the holder at maturity, and to grant the holder the right to sell all or any portion of the preferred equity units of the holder at maturity, in each case at a price equal to the issue price for such preferred equity units plus accrued and unpaid distributions. On December 30, 2021, the company acquired the tranche redeemable in 2021 from the holder and exchanged such units for Redemption-Exchange Units. The preferred equity units were subsequently cancelled.

Subsidiary  preferred  equity  units  include  $474  million  as  at  December  31,  2022  (2021  -  $474  million)  of  preferred  equity interests issued in connection with the BPY privatization which have been classified as a liability due to the fact the holders of such interests can demand cash payment upon maturity on July 26, 2081, for the liquidation preference of $25.00 per unit and any accumulated unpaid dividends.

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE INFORMATION)  Shares  Outstanding  Cumulative  Dividend Rate  Local  Currency  2022  2021  Series 2  ..........................................................................  24,000,000  6.50%  US$  $  575  $  565  Series 3  ..........................................................................  24,000,000  6.75%  US$  556  546  New LP Preferred Units  ................................................  19,273,654  6.25%  US$  474  474  Total  .................................................................................................................................................................  $  1,605  $  1,585   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## b) Limited-Life Funds and Redeemable Fund Units

Limited-life funds and redeemable fund units represent interests held in our consolidated funds by third-party investors that have been classified as a liability, as holders of these interests can cause our funds to  redeem their interest in the fund for cash equivalents  at  a  specified  time.  As  at  December  31,  2022,  we  have  $1.1  billion  (2021  -  $1.5  billion)  of  subsidiary  equity obligations arising from limited-life funds and redeemable fund units.

In our Real Estate business, limited-life fund obligations include $577 million (2021 - $859 million) of equity interests held by third-party investors in two consolidated funds that have been classified as a liability, as holders of these interests can cause the funds to redeem their interests in the fund for cash equivalents at the fair value of the interest at a set date.

As at December 31, 2022, we have $96 million (2021 - $545 million) of subsidiary equity obligations arising from limited-life fund units in our Infrastructure business. These obligations are primarily composed of the portion of the equity interest held by third-party investors in our timberland funds that are attributed to the value of the land held in the fund. The value of this equity interest has been classified as a liability, as we are obligated to purchase the land from the third-party investors on maturity of the fund.

We also have $441 million of redeemable fund units (2021 - $134 million) in certain funds managed by our public securities business.

## c) Subsidiary Preferred Shares and Capital

Preferred shares are classified as liabilities if the holders of the preferred shares have the right, after a fixed date, to convert the shares into common equity of the issuer based on the market price of the common equity of the issuer at that time unless they  are  previously  redeemed  by  the  issuer.  The  dividends  paid  on  these  securities  are  recorded  in  interest  expense. As  at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balances consist of the following:

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE INFORMATION)  Shares  Outstanding  Cumulative  Dividend Rate  Local  Currency  2022  2021  Brookfield Property Split Corp.  ('BOP Split') senior preferred shares  Series 1  .................................................................................  829,334  5.25%  US$  $  21  $  21  Series 2  .................................................................................  555,146  5.75%  C$  10  11  Series 3  .................................................................................  668,228  5.00%  C$  12  15  Series 4  .................................................................................  541,892  5.20%  C$  10  12  Rouse Series A preferred shares  .............................................  5,600,000  5.00%  US$  142  142  Brookfield India Real Estate Trust ('BIRET')  ......................  155,003,656  See footnote  1  US$  456  440  Alstria Office Prime Portfolio GmbH &amp; Co. KG  ...................  19,472,214  n/a  EUR€  129  -  India Infrastructure Investment Trusts  479,400,000  See footnote  1  INR  616  471  BIP Investment Corporation Series 1 Senior preferred  shares  4,000,000  5.85%  C$  73  73  Total  .................................................................................................................................................................  $  1,469  $  1,185   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. The dividend rate pertaining to BIRET and India Infrastructure Investment Trusts is equal to a minimum of 90% of net distributable cash flows.

Each series  of  the  BOP  Split  senior  preferred  shares  are  redeemable  at  the  option  of  either  the  issuer  or  the  holder  as  the redemption and conversion option dates have passed.

Subsidiary preferred shares include $142 million as at December 31, 2022 (2021 - $142 million) of preferred equity interests held  by  a  third-party  investor  in  Rouse  Properties,  L.P.,  which  have  been  classified  as  a  liability,  due  to  the  fact  that  the interests  are  mandatorily  redeemable  on  or  after  November  12,  2025  for  a  set  price  per  unit  plus  any  accrued  but  unpaid distributions; distributions are capped and accrue regardless of available cash generated.

Subsidiary preferred capital includes $456 million as at December 31, 2022 (2021 - $440 million) of preferred equity interests held  by  third-party  investors  in  BIRET,  which  have  been  classified  as  a  liability,  due  to  the  fact  BIRET  has  a  contractual obligation to make distributions to unitholders every six months at an amount no less than 90% of net distributable cash flows.

Subsidiary preferred capital also includes $616 million as at December 31, 2022 (2021 - $471 million) of preferred equity interests held by third-party investors in India Infrastructure Investment Trusts, which have been classified as liabilities, as a result of contractual obligations to make distributions at an amount no less than 90% of net distributable cash flows.

## 20.  SUBSIDIARY PUBLIC ISSUERS AND FINANCE SUBSIDIARY

Brookfield Finance Inc. ('BFI') was incorporated on March 31, 2015 under the Business Corporations Act (Ontario) and is a subsidiary of the Corporation. Historically, we have also issued debt securities through other subsidiaries, including Brookfield Finance LLC ('BFL') and Brookfield Finance I (UK) PLC ('BF U.K.'). BFI is the issuer of the following series of notes (together with BFL and BF U.K. as co-obligors, as noted below):

- $500 million of 4.25% notes due in 2026;
- $550 million of 4.70% notes due in 2047;
- $350 million of 4.70% notes due in 2047;
- $650 million of 3.90% notes due in 2028;
- $750 million of 4.00% notes due in 2024 (BFL co-obligor);
- $1.0 billion of 4.85% notes due in 2029;
- $600 million of 4.35% notes due in 2030;
- $150 million of 4.35% notes due in 2030;
- $500 million of 3.50% notes due in 2051;
- $400 million of 4.625% subordinated notes due in 2080;
- $500 million of 2.724% notes due in 2031;
- $250 million of 3.50% notes due in 2051;
- $400 million of 3.90% notes due in 2028;
- $400 million of 3.625% notes due in 2052;
- $600 million of 3.45% notes due in 2050 (BFL co-obligor); and
- $600 million of 2.34% notes due in 2032 (BF U.K. co-obligor).

In addition, Brookfield Finance II Inc. ('BFI II') is the issuer of C$1.0 billion of 5.431% notes due in 2032 and BF U.K. is the issuer of $230 million of 4.50% perpetual subordinated notes.

BFL is a Delaware limited liability company formed on February 6, 2017 and is a subsidiary of the Corporation. Brookfield Capital  Finance  LLC  (the  'US  LLC  Issuer')  is  a  Delaware  limited  liability  company  formed  on  August  12,  2022  and  a subsidiary of the Corporation. BFI II was incorporated on September 24, 2020 under the Business Corporations Act (Ontario) and  is  a  subsidiary  of  the  Corporation.  Brookfield  Finance  (Australia)  Pty  Ltd  ('BF  AUS')  was  incorporated  on September 24, 2020 under the Corporations Act 2001 (Commonwealth of Australia) and is a subsidiary of the Corporation. BF U.K. (collectively with BFI, BFI II, BFL, BF AUS, and the US LLC Issuer, the 'Debt Issuers') was incorporated on September 25, 2020 under the U.K. Companies Act 2006 and is a subsidiary of the Corporation. Brookfield Finance II LLC ('BFL II') was formed on September 24, 2020 under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act and is a subsidiary of the Corporation. The  Debt  Issuers  are  consolidated  subsidiaries  of  the  Corporation  that  may  offer  and  sell  debt  securities.  BFL  II  is  a consolidated  subsidiary  of  the  Corporation  that  may  offer  and  sell  preferred  shares  representing  limited  liability  company interests. Any debt securities issued by the Debt Issuers are, or will be, fully and unconditionally guaranteed as to payment of principal, premium (if any), interest and certain other amounts by the Corporation. Any preferred shares representing limited liability company interests issued by BFL II will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed as to payment of principal, premium (if any), interest and certain other amounts by the Corporation.

The US LLC Issuer, BFI II, BFL, BFL II, BF AUS and BF U.K. have no independent activities, assets or operations other than in connection with any securities that they may issue.

Brookfield Investments Corporation ('BIC') is an investment company that holds investments in the real estate, renewable power  and  infrastructure  sectors,  as  well  as  a  portfolio  of  preferred  shares  issued  by  the  Corporation's  subsidiaries.  The Corporation provided a full and unconditional guarantee of the Class 1 Senior Preferred Shares, Series A issued by BIC. As at December 31, 2022, C$34 million of these senior preferred shares were held by third-party shareholders and are retractable at the option of the holder.

The  following  tables  contain  summarized  financial  information  of  the  Corporation,  BFI,  BFI  II,  BFL,  BFL  II,  BF  AUS, BF U.K., the US LLC Issuer, BIC and non-guarantor subsidiaries:

| AS AT AND FOR THE YEAR  ENDED DEC. 31, 2022  (MILLIONS)  The  Corporation  1  BFI  BFI II  BFL  BFL II  BF  AUS  BF  U.K.  US  LLC  Issuer  BIC  Other  Subsidiaries of  the Corporation  2  Consolidating  Adjustments  3  The  Company  Consolidated  Revenues  ................................  $  2,491  $ 284  $  2  $  30  $  -  $  -  $  35  $  -  $ 507  $  111,633  $  (22,213)  $  92,769  Net income (loss) attributable  to shareholders  ..................  2,056  (8)  -  -  -  -  11  -  487  18,598  (19,088)  2,056  Total assets  .............................  71,514  9,769  740  16  -  -  232  -  4,170  492,799  (137,956)  441,284  Total liabilities  ........................  27,761  8,544  737  6  -  -  4  -  3,520  297,397  (38,576)  299,393  Non-controlling interest -  preferred equity  .................  -  -  -  -  -  -  230  -  -  -  -  230   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| AS AT AND FOR THE YEAR  ENDED DEC. 31, 2021  (MILLIONS)  The  Corporation  1  BFI  BFI II  BFL  BFL II  BF  AUS  BF  U.K.  US  LLC  Issuer  BIC  Other  Subsidiaries of  the Corporation  2  Consolidating  Adjustments  3  The  Company  Consolidated  Revenues  ................................  $  1,373  $ 250  $  -  $  33  $  -  $  -  $  9  $  -  $ 121  $  82,663  $  (8,718)  $  75,731  Net income (loss) attributable  to shareholders  ..................  3,966  (8)  -  -  -  -  5  -  (251)  6,100  (5,846)  3,966  Total assets  .............................  84,793  8,256  -  607  -  -  843  -  5,433  400,288  (109,217)  391,003  Total liabilities  ........................  38,438  6,387  -  597  -  -  603  -  3,734  237,100  (30,597)  256,262  Non-controlling interest -  preferred equity  .................  -  -  -  -  -  -  230  -  -  -  -  230   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. This column accounts for investments in all subsidiaries of the Corporation under the equity method.

2. This column accounts for investments in all subsidiaries of the Corporation other than BFI, BFL, BIC, BFI II, BF AUS, BF U.K., US LLC Issuer and BFL II on a combined basis.

3. This column includes the necessary amounts to present the company on a consolidated basis.

## 21.  EQUITY

Equity consists of the following:

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  Note  2022  2021  Preferred equity  .................................................................................................................................  (a)  $  4,145  $  4,145  Non-controlling interests  ....................................................................................................................  (b)  98,138  88,386  Common equity  .................................................................................................................................  (c)  39,608  42,210  $  141,891  $  134,741   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## a) Preferred Equity

Preferred equity includes perpetual preferred shares and rate-reset preferred shares and consists of the following:

Average Rate

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  2022  2021  Perpetual preferred shares  Floating rate  .........................................................................................................  4.26%  2.32%  $  505  $  505  Fixed rate  .............................................................................................................  4.82%  4.82%  739  739  4.59%  3.81%  1,244  1,244  Fixed rate-reset preferred shares  ............................................................................  4.31%  4.07%  2,901  2,901  4.40%  4.00%  $  4,145  $  4,145   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Further details on each series of preferred shares are as follows:

| Issued and Outstanding  AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE INFORMATION)  Rate  2022  2021  2022  2021  Class A preferred shares  Perpetual preferred shares  Series 2  ..........................................................  70% P  10,220,175  10,457,685  $  169  $  169  Series 4  .........................................................  70% P  3,983,910  2,795,910  45  45  Series 8  1  .........................................................  Variable up to P  -  3,321,486  -  54  Series 13  ........................................................  70% P  8,792,596  9,290,096  195  195  Series 15  ........................................................  B.A. + 40 b.p.  2  2,000,000  2,000,000  42  42  Series 17  ........................................................  4.75%  7,840,204  7,840,204  171  171  Series 18  .......................................................  4.75%  7,681,088  7,866,749  178  178  Series 36  ........................................................  4.85%  7,842,909  7,842,909  197  197  Series 37  ........................................................  4.90%  7,830,091  7,830,091  193  193  Series 51  1  .......................................................  Variable up to P  3,320,486  -  54  -  1,244  1,244  Rate-reset preferred shares  3  Series 9  4  .........................................................  2.75%  -  670,680  -  9  Series 24  ........................................................  3.24%  10,808,027  10,808,027  265  265  Series 26  5  .......................................................  3.85%  9,770,928  9,770,928  240  240  Series 28  6  .......................................................  4.61%  9,233,927  9,233,927  232  232  Series 30  .......................................................  4.69%  9,787,090  9,787,090  241  241  Series 32  ........................................................  5.06%  11,750,299  11,750,299  297  297  Series 34  ........................................................  4.44%  9,876,735  9,876,735  253  253  Series 38  ........................................................  3.57%  7,906,132  7,906,132  179  179  Series 40  ........................................................  4.03%  11,841,025  11,841,025  271  271  Series 42  ........................................................  3.25%  11,887,500  11,887,500  266  266  Series 44  ........................................................  5.00%  9,831,929  9,831,929  187  187  Series 46  7  .......................................................  5.39%  11,740,797  11,740,797  217  217  Series 48  ........................................................  4.75%  11,885,972  11,885,972  244  244  Series 52  4  .......................................................  2.75%  1,177,580  -  9  -  2,901  2,901  Total  ....................................................................................................................................................................  $  4,145  $  4,145   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. As part of the special distribution of the asset management business, Series 8 shares were converted to Series 51 shares.

2. Rate determined quarterly.

3. Dividend  rates  are  fixed  for  5  to  6  years  from  the  quarter  end  dates  after  issuance,  June  30,  2011,  March  31,  2012,  June  30,  2012,  December  31,  2012, September 30, 2013, March 31, 2014, June 30, 2014, December 31, 2014, December 31, 2015, December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2017, respectively and reset after 5 to 6 years to the 5-year Government of Canada bond rate plus between 180 and 417 basis points.

4. As part of the special distribution of the asset management business, Series 9 shares were converted to Series 52 shares.

5. Dividend rate reset commenced March 31, 2022.

6. Dividend rate reset commenced June 30, 2022.

7. Dividend rate reset commenced March 31, 2022.

P - Prime Rate, B.A. - Bankers' Acceptance Rate, b.p. - Basis Points.

The  company  is  authorized  to  issue  an  unlimited  number  of  Class  A  preferred  shares  and  an  unlimited  number  of Class AA preferred shares, issuable in series. No Class AA preferred shares have been issued.

The Class A preferred shares are entitled to preference over the Class A and Class B Limited Voting Shares ('Class A and B shares') on the declaration of dividends and other distributions to shareholders. All series of the outstanding preferred shares have a par value of C$25.00 per share, except for Series 51 and Series 52, which have a par value of C$22.44 and C$22.00 respectively.

## b) Non-controlling Interests

Non-controlling  interests  represent  the  common  and  preferred  equity  in  consolidated  entities  that  are  owned  by  other shareholders.

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Common equity  ..................................................................................................................................................  $  92,991  $  82,898  Preferred equity  ..................................................................................................................................................  5,147  5,488  Total  ...................................................................................................................................................................  $  98,138  $  88,386   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On  December  9,  2022,  the  company  completed  the  distribution  of  a  25%  interest  in  Brookfield  Asset  Management  ULC ('BAM'),  our  leading  global  alternative  asset  management  business,  through  Brookfield  Asset  Management  Ltd.  (the 'Manager'), which was incorporated and publicly listed for the purpose of holding an interest in BAM ('special distribution'). As part of the special distribution, the company distributed approximately 410 million shares of the Manager, substantially all of which were distributed to holders of the company's Class A and Class B shares, representing one share of Manager for every 4 Class A or Class B shares of the company held on the date of the special distribution. In addition, Series 8 and 9 preferred shareholders participated in the special distribution. As the special distribution represented a common control transaction, the $2.4  billion  carrying  value  of  the  25%  interest  in  our  asset  management  business  that  was  distributed  to  the  company's shareholders  was  recorded  as  an  increase  in  non-controlling  interest  with  a  corresponding  reduction  in  common  equity  via ownership changes.

Further information on non-controlling interests is provided in Note 4 - Subsidiaries.

## c) Common Equity

The company's common equity is comprised of the following:

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Common shares  ..................................................................................................................................................  $  10,901  $  10,538  Contributed surplus  ............................................................................................................................................  148  320  Retained earnings  ...............................................................................................................................................  18,006  17,705  Ownership changes  ............................................................................................................................................  2,959  6,243  Accumulated other comprehensive income  .......................................................................................................  7,594  7,404  Common equity  ..................................................................................................................................................  $  39,608  $  42,210   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  company  is  authorized  to  issue  an  unlimited  number  of  Class  A  Limited  Voting  Shares  ("Class  A  shares")  and 85,120 Class B Limited Voting Shares ("Class B shares"). The company's Class A shares and Class B shares have no stated par value. The holders of Class A shares and Class B shares rank on par with each other with respect to the payment of dividends and the return of capital on the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company or any other distribution of the assets of the company among its shareholders for the purpose of winding up its affairs. Holders of the Class A shares are entitled to elect half of the Board of Directors of the company and holders of the Class B shares are entitled to elect the other half of the Board of Directors. With respect to the Class A and Class B shares, there are no dilutive factors, material or otherwise, that would result  in  different  diluted  earnings  per  share  between  the  classes.  This  relationship  holds  true  irrespective  of  the  number  of dilutive  instruments  issued  in  either  one  of  the  respective  classes  of  Class  A  and  Class  B  shares,  as  both  classes  of  shares participate equally, on a pro rata basis, in the dividends, earnings and net assets of the company, whether taken before or after dilutive instruments, regardless of which class of shares is diluted.

On June 28, 2021, the company completed the spin-out of BNRE by paying a special dividend to the holders of the company's Class A shares and Class B shares. The special dividend of $538 million recorded in equity was based on the fair value of the assets distributed.

On July 26, 2021, the company issued 60.9 million Class A shares in connection with the privatization of Brookfield Property Partners L.P. ('BPY').

The holders  of  the  company's  Class  A  shares  and  Class  B  shares  received  cash  dividends  during  2022  of  $0.56  per  share (2021 - $0.52 per share).

The number of issued and outstanding Class A and Class B shares and unexercised options are as follows:

| AS AT DEC. 31  2022  2021  Class A shares  1  .................................................................................................................................  1,573,286,748  1,568,743,821  Class B shares  ..................................................................................................................................  85,120  85,120  Shares outstanding  1  ..........................................................................................................................  1,573,371,868  1,568,828,941  Unexercised options, other share-based plans  2  and exchangeable shares of affiliate  ......................  55,500,881  82,825,207  Total diluted shares  ..........................................................................................................................  1,628,872,749  1,651,654,148   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Net of 62,910,220 Class A shares held by the company in respect of long-term compensation agreements as at December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021 - 69,663,192).

2. Includes management share option plan and escrowed stock plan.

The authorized common share capital consists of an unlimited number of Class A shares and 85,120 Class B shares. Shares issued and outstanding changed as follows:

| FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  2022  2021  Outstanding, beginning of year  1  ......................................................................................................  1,568,828,941  1,510,720,411  Issued (Repurchased)  Issuances  ........................................................................................................................................  1,406,586  61,276,716  Repurchases  ...................................................................................................................................  (17,247,660)  (9,662,117)  Long-term share ownership plans  2  .................................................................................................  19,138,775  6,369,972  Dividend reinvestment plan and other  ...........................................................................................  1,245,226  123,959  Outstanding, end of year  3  .................................................................................................................  1,573,371,868  1,568,828,941   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Net of 69,663,192 Class A shares held by the company in respect of long-term compensation agreements as at December 31, 2021 (December 31, 2020 - 64,197,815).

2. Includes management share option plan and restricted stock plan.

3. Net of 62,910,220 Class A shares held by the company in respect of long-term compensation agreements as at December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021 - 69,663,192).

## Earnings Per Share

The components of basic and diluted earnings per share are summarized in the following table:

| FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Net income attributable to shareholders  ............................................................................................................  $  2,056  $  3,966  Preferred share dividends  ...................................................................................................................................  (150)  (148)  Dilutive effect of conversion of subsidiary preferred shares  .............................................................................  -  (26)  Net income available to shareholders  ................................................................................................................  1,906  3,792  Dilutive impact of exchangeable shares  ............................................................................................................  5  2  Net income available to shareholders including dilutive impact of exchangeable shares  .................................  $  1,911  $  3,794  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Weighted average - Class A and Class B shares  ...............................................................................................  1,567.5  1,536.5  Dilutive effect of conversion of options and escrowed shares using treasury stock method and  exchangeable shares of affiliate  .......................................................................................................................  40.7  50.4  Class A and Class B shares and share equivalents  ............................................................................................  1,608.2  1,586.9   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Share-Based Compensation

The expense recognized for share-based compensation is summarized in the following table:

| FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Expense arising from equity-settled share-based payment transactions  ............................................................  $  159  $  110  (Recovery) expense arising from cash-settled share-based payment transactions  ............................................  (621)  681  Total (recovery) expense arising from share-based payment transactions  ........................................................  (462)  791  Effect of hedging program  .................................................................................................................................  629  (670)  Total expense included in consolidated income  ................................................................................................  $  167  $  121   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The company's share-based payment plans are described below.

In conjunction with the special distribution of our asset management business, the company modified its share-based payment plans to ensure that participants were treated in a manner equivalent to the company's shareholders and were in substantially the same economic position before and after the special distribution occurred so as to ensure alignment with the company's compensation philosophy with respect to long term incentive plans.

The modification of these plans, which in certain instances resulted in the extinguishment of existing awards and concurrent issuance of new awards, were substantially accounted for as modifications in accordance with IFRS 2 - Share-based Payments , with any resultant impact to compensation expense associated with respect to these modifications recorded prospectively on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

All share count and per share disclosures presented for each of the share-based payment plans below reflect the impact of the special distribution.

## Equity-settled Share-based Awards

## Management Share Option Plan

Options issued under the company's Management Share Option Plan ('MSOP') vest over a period of up to five years, expire ten years after the grant date and are settled through issuance of Class A shares. The exercise price is equal to the market price at the grant date. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the total expense incurred with respect to MSOP totaled $30 million (2021 - $25 million).

The changes in the number of options during 2022 and 2021 were as follows:

| NYSE  Number of Options  (000's)  1  Weighted- Average Exercise  Price  Outstanding as at January 1, 2022  ...........................................................  43,794  US$  22.59  Granted  ....................................................................................................  3,956  46.62  Exercised  ..................................................................................................  (3,258)  15.35  Cancelled  .................................................................................................  (399)  35.70  Outstanding as at December 31, 2022  .....................................................  44,093  US$  25.16   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Options to acquire NYSE listed Class A shares.

| NYSE  Number of Options  (000's)  1  Weighted- Average Exercise  Price  Outstanding as at January 1, 2021  .............................................................  47,367  US$  20.54  Granted  .....................................................................................................  4,185  35.56  Exercised  ...................................................................................................  (7,388)  16.50  Cancelled  ..................................................................................................  (370)  28.24  Outstanding as at December 31, 2021  .......................................................  43,794  US$  22.59   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Options to acquire NYSE listed Class A shares.

The weighted-average fair value of options granted for the year ended December 31, 2022 was $8.82 (2021 - $5.71), and was determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model, with inputs to the model as follows:

| FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  Unit  2022  2021  Weighted-average share price  ......................................................................................................  US$  46.62  35.56  Average term to exercise  .............................................................................................................  Years  7.5  7.5  Share price volatility  1  ...................................................................................................................  %  24.8  24.4  Liquidity discount  ........................................................................................................................  %  25.0  25.0  Weighted-average annual dividend yield  .....................................................................................  %  1.4  1.7  Risk-free rate  ................................................................................................................................  %  1.9  1.0   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Share price volatility was determined based on historical share prices over a similar period to the average term to exercise.

As at December 31, 2022, the following options to purchase Class A shares were outstanding:

| Options Outstanding (000's)  Exercise Price  Weighted-Average  Remaining Life  Vested  Unvested  Total  US$13.77 - US$16.70  ..............................................................................  2.1 years  8,376  -  8,376  US$18.43 - US$22.05  ..............................................................................  4.0 years  16,569  1,094  17,663  US$24.15 - US$31.64  ..............................................................................  6.2 years  4,381  2,700  7,081  US$35.56 - US$46.62  ..............................................................................  8.2 years  2,099  8,874  10,973  31,425  12,668  44,093   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at December 31, 2021, the following options to purchase Class A shares were outstanding:

| Options Outstanding (000's)  Exercise Price  Weighted-Average  Remaining Life  Vested  Unvested  Total  US$8.43 - US$12.57  ................................................................................  0.2 years  629  -  629  US$13.77 - US$16.70  ..............................................................................  2.8 years  10,238  -  10,238  US$18.43 - US$22.05  ..............................................................................  5.0 years  14,473  3,856  18,329  US$24.15 - US$31.64  ..............................................................................  7.2 years  3,083  4,173  7,256  US$35.56 - US$37.02  ..............................................................................  8.7 years  646  6,696  7,342  29,069  14,725  43,794   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Escrowed Stock Plan

The Escrowed Stock Plan (the 'ES Plan') provides executives with indirect ownership of Class A shares. Under the ES Plan, executives  are  granted  common  shares  (the  'ES  Shares')  in  one  or  more  private  companies  that  own  Class  A  shares.  The Class A shares are purchased on the open market with the purchase cost funded by the company. The ES shares generally vest over five years and must be held to the fifth anniversary of the grant date. At a date no more than ten years from the grant date, all outstanding ES shares will be exchanged for Class A shares issued by the company based on the market value of Class A shares at the time of the exchange. The number of Class A shares issued on exchange will be less than the Class A shares purchased under the ES Plan resulting in a net reduction in the number of Class A shares issued by the company.

During  2022,  5.1  million  Class  A  shares  were  purchased  in  respect  of  ES  shares  granted  to  executives  under  the  ES  Plan (2021 - 5.3 million Class A shares) during the year. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the total expense incurred with respect to the ES Plan totaled $51 million (2021 - $41 million).

The weighted-average fair value of escrowed shares granted for the year ended December 31, 2022 was $7.66 (2021 - $5.72), and was determined using the Black-Scholes model of valuation with inputs to the model as follows:

| FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  Unit  2022  2021  Weighted-average share price  ......................................................................................................  US$  36.25  35.64  Average term to exercise  .............................................................................................................  Years  7.2  7.5  Share price volatility  1  ...................................................................................................................  %  26.7  24.4  Liquidity discount  ........................................................................................................................  %  25.0  25.0  Weighted-average annual dividend yield  .....................................................................................  %  1.0  1.6  Risk-free rate  ................................................................................................................................  %  3.7  1.0   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Share price volatility was determined based on historical share prices over a similar period to the average term to exercise.

The change in the number of ES shares during 2022 and 2021 was as follows:

| Number of  Units (000's)  Weighted-  Average  Exercise Price  Outstanding as at January 1, 2022  ........................................................................................................  50,378  $  25.14  Granted  .................................................................................................................................................  43,650  36.25  Exercised  ..............................................................................................................................................  (54,600)  26.94  Cancelled  ..............................................................................................................................................  (3)  41.06  Outstanding as at December 31, 2022  ..................................................................................................  39,425  $  35.00   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Number of  Units (000's)  Weighted-  Average  Exercise Price  Outstanding as at January 1, 2021  ........................................................................................................  46,716  $  23.65  Granted  .................................................................................................................................................  5,300  35.64  Exercised  ..............................................................................................................................................  (1,621)  16.39  Cancelled  ..............................................................................................................................................  (17)  36.32  Outstanding as at December 31, 2021  50,378  $  25.14   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Restricted Stock Plan

The Restricted Stock Plan awards executives with Class A shares purchased on the open market ('Restricted Shares'). Under the  Restricted  Stock  Plan,  Restricted  Shares  awarded  vest  over  a  period  of  up  to  five  years,  except  for  Restricted  Shares awarded in lieu of a cash bonus, which may vest immediately. Vested and unvested Restricted Shares are subject to a hold period  of  up  to  five  years.  Holders  of  Restricted  Shares  are  entitled  to  vote  Restricted  Shares  and  to  receive  associated dividends. Employee compensation expense for the Restricted Stock Plan is charged against income over the vesting period.

During 2022, Brookfield granted 1.9 million Class A shares (2021 - 3.1 million) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Plan, in which 1.5 million were converted from BPY units in connection with the BPY privatization, resulting in the recognition of $78 million (2021 - $43 million) of compensation expense.

## Cash-settled Share-based Awards

## Deferred Share Unit Plan and Restricted Share Unit Plan

The Deferred Share Unit Plan and Restricted Share Unit Plan provide for the issuance of DSUs and RSUs, respectively. Under these plans, qualifying employees and directors receive varying percentages of their annual incentive bonus or directors' fees in the form of DSUs and RSUs. The DSUs and RSUs vest over periods of up to five years, and DSUs accumulate additional DSUs at the same rate as dividends on common shares based on the market value of the common shares at the time of the dividend. Participants are not allowed to convert DSUs and RSUs into cash until retirement or cessation of employment.

The value of the DSUs, when converted to cash, will be equivalent to the market value of the common shares at the time the conversion  takes  place.  The  value  of  the  RSUs,  when  converted  into  cash,  will  be  equivalent  to  the  difference  between the market price of equivalent number of common shares at the time the conversion takes place and the market price on the date the  RSUs are granted. The company uses equity derivative contracts to offset its exposure to the change in share prices in respect of vested and unvested DSUs and RSUs. The fair value of the vested DSUs and RSUs as at December 31, 2022 was $1.2 billion (2021 -$1.9 billion).

Employee compensation expense for these plans is charged against income over the vesting period of the DSUs and RSUs. The amount payable by the company in respect of vested DSUs and RSUs changes as a result of dividends and share price movements. All  of  the  amounts  attributable  to  changes  in  the  amounts  payable  by  the  company  are  recorded  as  employee compensation expense in the period of the change. For the year ended December 31, 2022, employee compensation expense totaled $8 million (2021 - $11 million), net of the impact of hedging arrangements.

The change in the number of DSUs and RSUs during 2022 and 2021 was as follows:

| DSUs  RSUs  Number  of Units  (000's)  Number  of Units  (000's)  Weighted-  Average  Exercise  Price  Outstanding as at January 1, 2022  ........................................................................................  18,286  13,679  C$  6.10  Granted and reinvested  ........................................................................................................  3,415  -  -  Exercised and cancelled  .......................................................................................................  (53)  -  -  Outstanding as at December 31, 2022  ..................................................................................  21,648  13,679  C$  6.10   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| DSUs  RSUs  Number  of Units  (000's)  Number  of Units  (000's)  Weighted-  Average  Exercise  Price  Outstanding as at January 1, 2021  ........................................................................................  18,721  13,679  C$  6.10  Granted and reinvested  ........................................................................................................  1,929  -  -  Exercised and cancelled  .......................................................................................................  (2,364)  -  -  Outstanding as at December 31, 2021  ..................................................................................  18,286  13,679  C$  6.10   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The fair value of each DSU is equal to the traded price of the company's common shares.

| Unit  Dec. 31, 2022  Dec. 31, 2021  Share price on date of measurement  ......................................................................................  C$  42.58  76.39  Share price on date of measurement  ......................................................................................  US$  31.46  60.38   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The fair value of RSUs was determined primarily using the following inputs:

| Unit  Dec. 31, 2022  Dec. 31, 2021  Share price on date of measurement  ......................................................................................  C$  42.58  76.39  Weighted-average fair value of a unit  ...................................................................................  C$  36.48  70.29   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22.  REVENUES

We perform a disaggregated analysis of revenues considering the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenues. This includes disclosure of our revenues by segment and type, as well as a breakdown of whether revenues from goods or services are recognized at a point in time or delivered over a period of time.

## a) Revenue by Type

| FOR THE YEAR ENDED DEC. 31, 2022  (MILLIONS)  Asset  Management  Renewable  Power and  Transition  Infrastructure  Private  Equity  Real Estate  Corporate  Activities  Total  Revenues  Revenue from contracts with customers  ......  $  653  $  4,959  $  13,971  $  55,318  $  6,535  $  -  $  81,436  Other revenue  ...............................................  -  239  753  2,907  7,268  166  11,333  $  653  $  5,198  $  14,724  $  58,225  $  13,803  $  166  $  92,769  FOR THE YEAR ENDED DEC. 31, 2021  (MILLIONS)  Asset  Management  Renewable  Power and  Transition  Infrastructure  Private  Equity  Real Estate  Corporate  Activities  Total  Revenues  Revenue from contracts with customers  .........  $  306  $  4,041  $  11,204  $  44,748  $  5,532  $  -  $  65,831  Other revenue  ..................................................  -  539  737  1,704  6,751  169  9,900  $  306  $  4,580  $  11,941  $  46,452  $  12,283  $  169  $  75,731   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## b) Timing of Recognition of Revenue from Contracts with Customers

| FOR THE YEAR ENDED DEC. 31, 2022  (MILLIONS)  Asset  Management  Renewable  Power and  Transition  Infrastructure  Private  Equity  Real Estate  Corporate  Activities  Total  Revenues  Goods and services provided at a point in  time  ...............................................................  $  -  $  274  $  41  $  46,190  $  3,123  $  -  $  49,628  Services transferred over a period of time  ......  653  4,685  13,930  9,128  3,412  -  31,808  $  653  $  4,959  $  13,971  $  55,318  $  6,535  $  -  $  81,436  FOR THE YEAR ENDED DEC. 31, 2021  (MILLIONS)  Asset  Management  Renewable  Power and  Transition  Infrastructure  Private  Equity  Real Estate  Corporate  Activities  Total  Revenues  Goods and services provided at a point in  time  ...............................................................  $  -  $  137  $  137  $  37,866  $  2,897  $  -  $  41,037  Services transferred over a period of time  ......  306  3,904  11,067  6,882  2,635  -  24,794  $  306  $  4,041  $  11,204  $  44,748  $  5,532  $  -  $  65,831   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Remaining Performance Obligation

## Private Equity

In our construction services business, backlog is defined as revenue yet to be delivered (i.e. remaining performance obligations) on construction projects that have been secured via an executed contract or work order. As at December 31, 2022, our backlog of construction projects was approximately $5.7 billion (2021 - $7.5 billion).

In our nuclear power generation business, backlog includes an estimate of expected future performance obligations related to long-term  arrangements  to  provide  fuel  assemblies  and  associated  components.  As  at  December  31,  2022,  our  backlog  of construction projects was approximately $9.2 billion (2021 - $9.3 billion).

In our Brazilian water and wastewater services business, our long-term, inflation-adjusted concession service contracts with various municipalities have an average remaining contract duration of 23 years as at December 31, 2022 (2021 - 24 years), and the remaining performance obligations were approximately $10.4 billion (2021 - $8.9 billion).

## Others

In our Asset Management, Infrastructure and Renewable Power and Transition businesses, revenue is generally recognized as invoiced for contracts recognized over a period of time as the amounts invoiced are commensurate with the value provided to the customers.

## c) Lease Income

Our leases in which the company is a lessor are primarily operating in nature. Total lease income from our assets leased out on operating leases totaled $8.2 billion (2021 - $6.7 billion) including $182 million (2021 - $147 million) of income related to variable lease income that is not dependent on an index or rate.

The following table presents the undiscounted contractual earnings receivable of the company's leases by expected period of receipt:

| Payments Receivable by Period  AS AT DEC. 31, 2022 (MILLIONS)  Less than 1  Year  1 - 3  Years  4 - 5  Years  After 5  Years  Total  Receivables from lease contracts  ...............................  $  5,719  $  9,072  $  7,038  $  15,983  $  37,812  Payments Receivable by Period  AS AT DEC. 31, 2021 (MILLIONS)  Less than 1  Year  1 - 3  Years  4 - 5  Years  After 5  Years  Total  Receivables from lease contracts  ...............................  $  5,072  $  8,090  $  6,333  $  14,355  $  33,850   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 23.  DIRECT COSTS

Direct costs include all attributable expenses except interest, taxes and fair value changes, and primarily relate to cost of sales and compensation. The following table lists direct costs for 2022 and 2021 by nature:

| FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Cost of sales  .......................................................................................................................................................  $  54,044  $  44,149  Compensation  ....................................................................................................................................................  9,849  7,804  Depreciation and amortization  ...........................................................................................................................  7,683  6,437  Selling, general and administrative expenses  ....................................................................................................  3,931  3,197  Property taxes, sales taxes and other  ..................................................................................................................  3,004  2,413  $  78,511  $  64,000   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 24.  FAIR VALUE CHANGES

Fair  value  changes  recorded  in  net  income  represent  gains  or  losses  arising  from  changes  in  the  fair  value  of  assets  and liabilities,  including  derivative  financial  instruments,  accounted  for  using  the  fair  value  method  and  are  comprised  of  the following:

| Investment properties  .........................................................................................................................................  $  629  $  5,073  Transaction related (expenses) income  ..............................................................................................................  (533)  714  Financial contracts  .............................................................................................................................................  (163)  984  Impairment and provisions  ................................................................................................................................  (293)  (654)  Other fair value changes  ....................................................................................................................................  (617)  (966)  $  (977)  $  5,151  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 25.  DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The company's activities expose it to a variety of financial risks, including market risk (i.e. currency risk, interest rate risk and other  price  risk),  credit  risk  and  liquidity  risk.  The  company  selectively  uses  derivative  financial  instruments  principally  to manage these risks.

The aggregate notional amount of the company's derivative positions as at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows:

| AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  Note  2022  2021  Foreign exchange  ................................................................................................................................  (a)  $  50,361  $  63,083  Interest rates  ........................................................................................................................................  (b)  60,600  55,899  Equity derivatives  ...............................................................................................................................  (c)  1,942  4,448  Commodity instruments  .....................................................................................................................  (d)  Energy (GWh)  .................................................................................................................................  69,902  35,156  Natural gas (MMBtu - 000's)  .........................................................................................................  128,381  246,375   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## a) Foreign Exchange

The company held the following foreign exchange contracts with notional amounts as at December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| Notional Amount  (U.S. Dollars)  Average Exchange Rate  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  2022  2021  Foreign exchange contracts  Canadian dollars  ...................................................................................................  $  7,381  $  11,689  0.76  0.81  British pounds  ......................................................................................................  6,880  12,089  1.12  1.19  European Union euros  ..........................................................................................  10,074  9,939  1.01  1.14  Australian dollars  .................................................................................................  4,088  4,791  0.69  0.72  Indian rupee  .........................................................................................................  3,921  3,281  73.72  78.90  Korean won  1  .........................................................................................................  923  756  1,293  1,151  Chinese yuan  1  .......................................................................................................  4,166  2,484  6.07  6.02  Japanese yen  1  .......................................................................................................  378  793  116.26  111.27  Colombian pesos  1  .................................................................................................  355  740  4,800  3,937  Brazilian reais  ......................................................................................................  1,371  1,291  0.16  0.16  Swedish krona  ......................................................................................................  -  1,475  -  9.08  Other currencies  ...................................................................................................  2,765  2,799  Various  Various  Cross currency interest rate swaps  Canadian dollars  ...................................................................................................  5,673  5,566  0.77  0.63  European Union euros  ..........................................................................................  -  848  -  1.06  Australian dollars  .................................................................................................  634  1,317  0.93  0.98  Japanese yen  1  .......................................................................................................  275  750  130.68  113.33  British pounds  ......................................................................................................  243  298  1.21  1.48  Brazilian reais  1  .....................................................................................................  749  -  -  -  Foreign exchange futures  Brazilian reais  ......................................................................................................  -  175  -  0.18  Foreign exchange options  European Union euros  ..........................................................................................  -  1,430  -  1.11  Indian rupee  .........................................................................................................  485  572  78.73  74.56   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Average rate is quoted using USD as base currency.

Included  in  net  income  are  unrealized  net  losses  on  foreign  currency  derivative  contracts  amounting  to  $23  million (2021 - losses of $53 million) and included in the cumulative translation adjustment account in other comprehensive income are gains in respect of foreign currency contracts entered into for hedging purposes amounting to $2.8 billion (2021 - gains of $367 million).

## b) Interest Rates

As  at  December  31,  2022,  the  company  held  interest  rate  swap  and  forward  starting  swap  contracts  having  an  aggregate notional  amount  of  $37.5  billion  (2021  -  $28.6  billion),  interest  rate  swaptions  with  an  aggregate  notional  amount  of $244 million (2021 - $248 million) and interest rate cap contracts with an aggregate notional amount of $22.8 billion (2021 $27.1 billion).

## c) Equity Derivatives

As at December 31, 2022, the company held equity derivatives with a notional amount of $1.9 billion (2021 - $4.4 billion) which  includes  $1.9  billion  (2021  -  $1.8  billion)  notional  amount  that  hedges  long-term  compensation  arrangements.  The balance  represents  common  equity  positions  established  in  connection  with  the  company's  investment  activities  as  well  as general  equity  market  hedges.  The  fair  value  of  these  instruments  was  reflected  in  the  company's  consolidated  financial statements at year end.

## d) Commodity Instruments

The  company  has  entered  into  energy  derivative  contracts  primarily  to  hedge  the  sale  of  generated  power.  The  company endeavors to link  forward  electricity  sale  derivatives  to  specific  periods  in  which  it  expects  to  generate  electricity  for  sale. All  energy  derivative  contracts  are  recorded  at  an  amount  equal  to  fair  value  and  are  reflected  in  the  company's consolidated  financial  statements.  The  company  has  financial  contracts  outstanding  on  128,381,000  MMBtu's  (2021  246,375,000 MMBtu's) of natural gas as part of its electricity sale price risk mitigation strategy.

## Other Information Regarding Derivative Financial Instruments

The following table classifies derivatives elected for hedge accounting during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 as either cash flow hedges or net investment hedges. Changes in the fair value of the effective portion of the hedge are recorded in either other comprehensive income or net income, depending on the hedge classification, whereas changes in the fair value of the ineffective portion of the hedge are recorded in net income:

| 2022  2021  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  Notional  Effective  Portion  Ineffective  Portion  Notional  Effective  Portion  Ineffective  Portion  Cash flow hedges  1  ......................................................  $  47,860  $  2,081  $  13  $  43,776  $  582  $  24  Net investment hedges  ...............................................  35,198  2,998  -  43,997  407  (14)  $  83,058  $  5,079  $  13  $  87,773  $  989  $  10   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Notional amount does not include 18,133 GWh and 67,803 MMBtu - 000's - of commodity derivatives as at December 31, 2022 (2021 - 17,753 GWh, 93,623 MMBtu - 000's and 1,152 bbls - millions).

The  following  table  presents  the  change  in  fair  values  of  the  company's  derivative  positions  during  the  years  ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, for derivatives that are fair valued through profit or loss, and derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting:

| (MILLIONS)  Unrealized  Gains  During 2022  Unrealized  Losses  During 2022  Net Change  During 2022  Net Change  During 2021  Foreign exchange derivatives  ...............................................................  $  192  $  (169)  $  23  $  (53)  Interest rate derivatives  .........................................................................  575  (156)  419  183  Equity derivatives  .................................................................................  69  (365)  (296)  757  Commodity derivatives  .........................................................................  177  (469)  (292)  (183)  $  1,013  $  (1,159)  $  (146)  $  704   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table presents the notional amounts underlying the company's derivative instruments by term to maturity as at December 31, 2022 and 2021, for derivatives that are classified as fair value through profit or loss, and derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting:

| 2022  2021  AS AT DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  &lt;1 Year  1 to 5 Years  &gt;5 Years  Total Notional  Amount  Total Notional  Amount  Fair value through profit or loss  Foreign exchange derivatives  .......................  $  4,440  $  1,671  $  965  $  7,076  $  10,933  Interest rate derivatives  .................................  10,126  8,578  1,272  19,976  19,661  Equity derivatives  .........................................  866  1,002  73  1,941  4,353  Commodity instruments  Energy (GWh)  ...........................................  3,456  21,743  26,571  51,770  17,403  Natural gas (MMBtu - 000's)  ...................  50,703  9,875  -  60,578  152,753  Elected for hedge accounting  Foreign exchange derivatives  .......................  $  12,956  $  29,530  $  800  $  43,286  $  52,150  Interest rate derivatives  .................................  5,916  31,597  3,111  40,624  36,238  Equity derivatives  .........................................  -  -  -  -  95  Commodity instruments  Energy (GWh)  ...........................................  6,574  8,868  2,691  18,133  17,754  Natural gas (MMBtu - 000's)  ...................  52,168  15,635  -  67,803  93,623   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26.  MANAGEMENT OF RISKS ARISING FROM HOLDING FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The company is exposed to the following risks as a result of holding financial instruments: market risk (i.e., interest rate risk, currency  exchange  risk  and  other  price  risk  that  impact  the  fair  value  of  financial  instruments),  credit  risk  and  liquidity risk. The following is a description of these risks and how they are managed:

## a) Market Risk

Market risk is defined for these purposes as the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument held by the company will fluctuate because of changes in market prices. Market risk includes the risk of changes in interest rates, currency exchange rates and changes in market prices due to factors other than interest rates or currency exchange rates, such as changes in equity prices, commodity prices or credit spreads.

The company manages market risk from foreign currency assets and liabilities and the impact of changes in currency exchange rates  and  interest  rates  by  funding  assets  with  financial  liabilities  in  the  same  currency  and  with  similar  interest  rate characteristics, and by holding financial contracts such as interest rate and foreign exchange derivatives to minimize residual exposures.

Financial  instruments  held  by  the  company  that  are  subject  to  market  risk  include  other  financial  assets,  borrowings  and derivative instruments such as interest rate, currency, equity and commodity contracts.

## i. Interest Rate Risk

The observable impacts on the fair values and future cash flows of financial instruments that can be directly attributable to interest rate risk include changes in the net income from financial instruments whose cash flows are determined with reference to floating interest rates and changes in the value of financial instruments whose cash flows are fixed in nature.

The company's assets largely consist of long-duration interest-sensitive physical assets. Accordingly, the company's financial liabilities  consist  primarily  of  long-term  fixed-rate  debt  or  floating-rate  debt  that  has  been  swapped  with  interest  rate derivatives.  These  financial  liabilities  are,  with  few  exceptions,  recorded  at  their  amortized  cost.  The  company  also  holds interest  rate  caps  to  limit  its  exposure  to  increases  in  interest  rates  on  floating  rate  debt  that  has  not  been  swapped,  and holds interest rate contracts to lock in fixed rates on anticipated future debt issuances and as an economic hedge against the changes in value of long duration interest sensitive physical assets that have not been otherwise matched with fixed rate debt.

The result of a 50 basis-point increase in interest rates on the company's net floating rate financial assets and liabilities would have resulted in a corresponding decrease in net income before tax of $416 million (2021 - $283 million) on a current basis.

Changes in the value of fair value through profit or loss interest rate contracts are recorded in net income and changes in the value of contracts that are elected for hedge accounting are recorded in other comprehensive income. The impact of a 50 basispoint parallel increase in the yield curve on the aforementioned financial instruments is estimated to result in a corresponding increase in net income before tax of $146 million (2021 - $101 million) and an increase in other comprehensive income of $486 million (2021 - $318 million) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

## ii. Currency Exchange Rate Risk

Changes in currency rates will impact the carrying value of financial instruments denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar.

The company holds financial instruments with net unmatched exposures in several currencies, changes in the translated value of  which  are  recorded  in  net  income.  The  impact  of  a  1%  increase  in  the  U.S.  dollar  against  these  currencies  would  have resulted in a $61 million (2021 - $109 million) increase in the value of these positions on a combined basis. The impact on cash flows from financial instruments would be insignificant. The company holds financial instruments to limit its exposure to the impact of foreign currencies on its net investments in foreign operations whose functional and reporting currencies are other than the U.S. dollar. A 1% increase in the U.S. dollar would increase the value of these hedging instruments by $421 million (2021  -  $509  million)  as  at  December  31,  2022,  which  would  be  recorded  in  other  comprehensive  income  and  offset  by changes in the U.S. dollar carrying value of the net investment being hedged.

## iii.  Other Price Risk

Other  price  risk  is  the  risk  of  variability  in  fair  value  due  to  movements  in  equity  prices  or  other  market  prices  such  as commodity prices and credit spreads.

Financial instruments held by the company that are exposed to equity price risk include equity securities and equity derivatives. A  5%  decrease  in  the  market  price  of  equity  securities  and  equity  derivatives  held  by  the  company,  excluding  equity derivatives that  hedge compensation arrangements, would have decreased net income by $253 million (2021 - $303 million) and decreased other  comprehensive income by $76 million (2021 - $122 million), prior to taxes. The company's liability in respect of equity compensation arrangements is subject to variability based on changes in the company's underlying common share price. The company holds equity derivatives to hedge almost all of the variability. A 5% change in the common equity price  of  the  company  in  respect  of  compensation  agreements  would  increase  the  compensation  liability  and  compensation expense by $63 million (2021 - $98 million). This increase would be offset by a $74 million (2021 - $116 million) change in value of the associated equity derivatives of which $63 million (2021 - $98 million) would offset the above-mentioned increase in compensation expense and the remaining $11 million (2021 - $18 million) would be recorded in net income.

The  company  sells  power  and  generation  capacity  under  long-term  agreements  and  financial  contracts  to  stabilize  future revenues.  Certain  of  the  contracts  are  considered  financial  instruments  and  are  recorded  at  fair  value  in  the  consolidated financial statements, with changes in value being recorded in either net income or other comprehensive income as applicable. A 5% increase  in  energy  prices  would  have  decreased  net  income  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022  by  approximately $85 million (2021 - $49 million) and decreased other comprehensive income by $46 million (2021 - $27 million), prior to taxes. The corresponding increase in the value of the revenue or capacity being contracted, however, is not recorded in net income until subsequent periods.

## b) Credit Risk

Credit  risk  is  the  risk  of  loss  due  to  the  failure  of  a  borrower  or  counterparty  to  fulfill  its  contractual  obligations.  The company's exposure to credit risk in respect of financial instruments relates primarily to counterparty obligations regarding derivative contracts, loans receivable and credit investments such as bonds and preferred shares.

The company assesses the creditworthiness of each counterparty before entering into contracts with a view to ensuring that counterparties  meet  minimum  credit  quality  requirements.  Management  evaluates  and  monitors  counterparty  credit  risk  for derivative  financial  instruments  and  endeavors  to  minimize  counterparty  credit  risk  through  diversification,  collateral arrangements, and other credit risk mitigation techniques. The credit risk of derivative financial instruments is generally limited to the positive fair value of the instruments, which, in general, tends to be a relatively small proportion of the notional value. Substantially all of the company's derivative financial instruments involve either counterparties that are banks or other financial institutions in North America, the U.K. and Australia, or arrangements that have embedded credit risk mitigation features. The company does not expect to incur credit losses in respect of any of these counterparties. The maximum exposure in respect of loans receivable and credit investments is equal to the carrying value.

## c) Liquidity Risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the company cannot meet a demand for cash or fund an obligation as it comes due. Liquidity risk also includes the risk of not being able to liquidate assets in a timely manner at a reasonable price.

To help ensure the company is able to react to contingencies and investment opportunities quickly, the company maintains sources of liquidity at the corporate and subsidiary levels. The primary source of liquidity consists of cash and other financial assets, net of deposits and other associated liabilities, and undrawn committed credit facilities.

The company is subject to the risks associated with debt financing, including the ability to refinance indebtedness at maturity. The company believes these risks are mitigated through the use of long-term debt secured by high quality assets, maintaining debt levels that are in management's opinion relatively conservative, and by diversifying maturities over an extended period of  time.  The  company  also  seeks  to  include  in  its  agreements  terms  that  protect  the  company  from  liquidity  issues  of counterparties that might otherwise impact the company's liquidity.

The following tables present the contractual maturities of the company's financial liabilities as at December 31, 2022 and 2021.

| Payments Due by Period  AS AT DEC. 31, 2022  (MILLIONS)  &lt;1 Year  1 to 3 Years  4 to 5 Years  After 5 Years  Total  Principal repayments  Corporate borrowings  1  .............................  $  -  $  1,608  $  1,486  $  8,296  $  11,390  Non-recourse borrowings of managed  entities  .................................................  42,883  58,726  44,119  56,956  202,684  Subsidiary equity obligations  ..................  1,187  746  553  1,702  4,188  Interest expense  2  Corporate borrowings  ..............................  484  863  728  3,916  5,991  Non-recourse borrowings  ........................  10,597  16,016  11,432  18,320  56,365  Subsidiary equity obligations  ..................  152  273  182  563  1,170  Lease obligations  3  .......................................  1,186  1,855  1,540  13,192  17,773   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. As at  December 31, 2022, there was no commercial paper outstanding or draws on the revolving credit facilities.

2. Represents the aggregated interest expense expected to be paid over the term of the obligations. Variable interest rate payments have been calculated based on current rates.

3. The lease obligations as disclosed in the table above include leases that are classified as finance leases, short-term leases, low-value leases and variable lease payments not based on an index or rate, which are immaterial.

| Payments Due by Period  AS AT DEC. 31, 2021  (MILLIONS)  &lt;1 Year  1 to 3 Years  4 to 5 Years  After 5 Years  Total  Principal repayments  Corporate borrowings  1  .............................  $  462  $  1,138  $  2,104  $  7,171  $  10,875  Non-recourse borrowings of managed  entities  .................................................  31,683  45,186  41,918  46,270  165,057  Subsidiary equity obligations  ..................  546  1,563  544  1,655  4,308  Interest expense  2  Corporate borrowings  ..............................  420  802  659  3,652  5,533  Non-recourse borrowings  ........................  5,918  10,130  6,832  11,958  34,838  Subsidiary equity obligations  ..................  162  300  228  33  723  Lease obligations  3  .......................................  1,156  2,389  1,615  13,550  18,710   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Payments due in less than 1 year represents $462 million of outstanding commercial paper as at December 31, 2021.

2. Represents the aggregated interest expense expected to be paid over the term of the obligations. Variable interest rate payments have been calculated based on current rates.

3. The lease obligations as disclosed in the table above include leases that are classified as finance leases, short-term leases, low-value leases and variable lease payments not based on an index or rate, which are immaterial.

## 27.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

## a) Related Parties

Related parties include subsidiaries, associates, joint ventures, key management  personnel,  the Board  of Directors ('Directors'),  immediate  family  members  of  key  management  personnel  and  Directors  and  entities  which  are  directly  or indirectly controlled by, jointly controlled by or significantly influenced by key management personnel, Directors or their close family members.

## b) Key Management Personnel and Directors

Key  management  personnel  are  those  individuals  who  have  the  authority  and  responsibility  for  planning,  directing  and controlling the company's activities, directly or indirectly, and consist of the company's Senior Executives. The company's Directors do not plan, direct or control the activities of the company directly; they provide oversight over the business.

The remuneration of key management personnel and Directors of the company during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows:

| FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Salaries, incentives and short-term benefits  1  .....................................................................................................  $  14  $  16  Share-based payments  1  ......................................................................................................................................  38  56  $  52  $  72   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. The remuneration of key management personnel and Directors of the company remaining after the special distribution of a 25% interest in our asset management business included salaries, incentives and short-term benefits of $5 million (2021 - $5 million) and share-based payments of $13 million (2021 - $13 million).

The remuneration of key management personnel and Directors is determined by the Management Resources and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors having regard to the performance of individuals and market funds.

## c) Related Party Transactions

In  the  normal  course  of  operations,  the  company  executes  transactions  on  market  terms  with  related  parties  that  have  been measured at exchange value and are recognized in the consolidated financial statements, including, but not limited to: base management  fees,  performance  fees  and  incentive  distributions;  loans,  interest  and  non-interest  bearing  deposits;  power purchase and sale agreements; capital commitments to private funds; the acquisition and disposition of assets and businesses; derivative contracts; and the construction and development of assets. Transactions and balances between consolidated entities are  fully  eliminated  upon  consolidation.  However,  transactions  and  balances  between  the  company  and  equity  accounted investments do not eliminate.

The following table lists the related party balances included within the consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31  (MILLIONS)  2022  2021  Management fees earned  ....................................................................................................................................  $  102  $  24   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The company provided BNRE with an equity commitment in the amount of $2.0 billion to fund future growth, which BNRE may draw on from time to time. As of December 31, 2022, there was no amount drawn under this equity commitment.

On May 25, 2022, BNRE issued 11,270,466 class C shares for $450 million and 98,351,547 class A junior preferred shares for $2.5 billion to the company.

During the year, subsidiaries of BNRE purchased investments of $3.3 billion from the company and its subsidiaries.

As at December 31, 2022 BNRE had $779 million of cash on deposit with wholly-owned subsidiaries of the company.

## 28.  OTHER INFORMATION

## a) Guarantees and Contingencies

In  the  normal  course  of  business,  the  company  enters  into  contractual  obligations  which  include  commitments  to  provide bridge  financing,  letters  of  credit,  guarantees  and  reinsurance  obligations.  As  at  December  31,  2022,  the  company  had $2.8 billion (2021 - $3.7 billion) of such commitments outstanding.

In addition, the company executes agreements that provide for indemnifications and guarantees to third parties in transactions or dealings such as business dispositions, business acquisitions, sales of assets, provision of services, securitization agreements and underwriting and agency agreements. The company has also agreed to indemnify its directors and certain of its officers and employees. The nature of substantially all of the indemnification undertakings prevents the company from making a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount the company could be required to pay third parties, as in most cases, the agreements do not specify a maximum amount, and the amounts are dependent upon the outcome of future contingent events, the nature and likelihood of which cannot be determined at this time. Neither the company nor its consolidated subsidiaries have made significant payments in the past nor do they expect at this time to make any significant payments under such indemnification agreements in the future.

The company periodically enters into joint ventures, consortium or other arrangements that have contingent liquidity rights in favor  of  the  company  or  its  counterparties.  These  include  buy  sell  arrangements,  registration  rights  and  other  customary arrangements that generally have embedded protective terms that mitigate the risk to us. The amount, timing and likelihood of any payments by the company under these arrangements is, in most cases, dependent on either further contingent events or circumstances applicable to the counterparty and therefore cannot be determined at this time.

The company is contingently liable with respect to litigation and claims that arise in the normal course of business. It is not reasonably possible that any of the ongoing litigation as at December 31, 2022 could result in a material settlement liability.

The company has insurance for damage and business interruption costs sustained as a result of an act of terrorism. The amount of coverage is reviewed on an individual basis and can range up to $4 billion. However, a terrorist act could have a material effect on the company's assets to the extent damages exceed coverage.

The company, through its subsidiaries within the residential properties operations, is contingently liable for obligations of its associates in its land development joint ventures. In each case, all of the assets of the joint venture are available first for the purpose of satisfying these obligations, with the balance shared among the participants in accordance with predetermined joint venture arrangements.

As discussed in Note 19 Subsidiary Equity Obligations, in 2014, BPY issued $1.8 billion of exchangeable preferred equity units  in  three  $600  million  tranches  redeemable  in  2021,  2024  and  2026,  respectively.  The  preferred  equity  units  were originally exchangeable into equity units of BPY at $25.70 per unit, at the option of the holder, at any time up to and including the maturity date. Following the BPY privatization, the preferred equity units became exchangeable into cash equal to the value of the consideration that would have been received upon the BPY privatization (a combination of cash, BN shares and New LP Preferred Units), based on the value of that consideration on the date of exchange. BPY also has the option of delivering the actual consideration (a combination of cash, BN shares and New LP Preferred Units). Following the BPY privatization, we have agreed with the holder to grant the company the right to purchase all or any portion of the preferred equity units of the holder  at  maturity,  and  to  grant  the  holder  the  right  to  sell  all  or  any  portion  of  the  preferred  equity  units  of  the  holder  at maturity, in each case at a price equal to the issue price for such preferred equity units plus accrued and unpaid distributions. On December 30, 2021, the company acquired the tranche redeemable in 2021 from the holder and exchanged such units for Redemption-Exchange Units. The preferred equity units were subsequently cancelled.

## b) Supplemental Cash Flow Information

During the year, the company capitalized $508 million (2021 - $387 million) of interest primarily to investment properties and residential inventory under development.

## Shareholder Information

## Shareholder Enquiries

Shareholder enquiries should be directed to our Investor Relations group at:

Brookfield Corporation

Brookfield Place, Box 762, 181 Bay Street, Suite 100

Toronto, Ontario M5J 2T3

T: 416-363-9491 or toll free in North America: 1-866-989-0311

F: 416-363-2856

E: enquiries@brookfield.com www.bn.brookfield.com

Shareholder enquiries relating to dividends, address changes and share certificates should be directed to our Transfer Agent:

TSX Trust Company

P.O. Box 700, Station B

Montreal, Quebec H3B 3K3

T: 1-877-715-0498 (North America)

1-514-985-8843 (Outside North America)

F: 1-888-249-6189

E: shareholderinquiries@tmx.com www.tsxtrust.com

## Stock Exchange Listings

| Symbol  Stock Exchange  Class A Limited Voting Shares  BN  New York  BN  Toronto  Class A Preference Shares  Series 2  BN.PR.B  Toronto  Series 4  BN.PR.C  Toronto  Series 13  BN.PR.K  Toronto  Series 17  BN.PR.M  Toronto  Series 18  BN.PR.N  Toronto  Series 24  BN.PR.R  Toronto  Series 26  BN.PR.T  Toronto  Series 28  BN.PR.X  Toronto  Series 30  BN.PR.Z  Toronto  Series 32  BN.PF.A  Toronto  Series 34  BN.PF.B  Toronto  Series 36  BN.PF.C  Toronto  Series 37  BN.PF.D  Toronto  Series 38  BN.PF.E  Toronto  Series 40  BN.PF.F  Toronto  Series 42  BN.PF.G  Toronto  Series 44  BN.PF.H  Toronto  Series 46  BN.PF.I  Toronto  Series 48  BN.PF.J  Toronto  Series 51  BN.PF.K  Toronto  Series 52  BN.PF.L  Toronto   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Investor Relations and Communications

We are committed to informing our  shareholders  of  our  progress  through  our comprehensive communications program which includes publication of materials such as our annual report, quarterly interim reports and news releases. We also maintain a website that provides ready access to these materials, as well as statutory filings, stock and dividend information and other presentations.

Meeting with shareholders is an integral part of our communications program. Directors  and  management  meet  with  Brookfield's  shareholders  at  our  annual meeting and are available to respond to questions. Management is also available to investment analysts, financial advisors and media.

The text of our 2022 Annual Report is available in French on request from the company and is filed with and available through SEDAR at www.sedar.com.

## Dividends

The quarterly  dividend  payable  on  Class  A  shares  is  declared  in  U.S.  dollars. Registered shareholders who are U.S. residents receive their dividends in U.S. dollars, unless they request the Canadian dollar equivalent. Registered shareholders who are Canadian residents receive their dividends in the Canadian dollar equivalent, unless they request to receive dividends in U.S. dollars. The Canadian  dollar  equivalent  of  the  quarterly  dividend  is  based  on  the  Bank  of Canada daily average exchange rate exactly two weeks (or 14 days) prior to the payment date for the dividend.

## Dividend Reinvestment Plan

The  Corporation  has  a  Dividend  Reinvestment  Plan  which  enables  registered holders of Class A Shares who are resident in Canada and the U.S. to receive their dividends in the form of newly issued Class A shares.

Registered  shareholders  of  our  Class  A  shares  who  are  resident  in  the  United States may elect to receive their dividends in the form of newly issued Class A shares at a price equal to the volume-weighted average price (in U.S. dollars) at which  board  lots  of  Class  A  Shares  have  traded  on  the  New  York  Stock Exchange based on the average closing price during each of the five trading days immediately  preceding  the  relevant  Investment  Date 1 on  which  at  least  one board  lot  of  Class  A  Shares  has  traded,  as  reported  by  the  New  York  Stock Exchange (the 'NYSE VWAP').

Registered shareholders of our Class A shares who are resident in Canada may also elect to receive their dividends in the form of newly issued Class A shares at a price equal to the NYSE VWAP multiplied by an exchange factor which is calculated as the average of the daily average exchange rates as reported by the Bank of Canada during each of the five trading days immediately preceding the relevant Investment Date.

Our Dividend Reinvestment Plan allows current shareholders of the Corporation who are resident in Canada and the United States to increase their investment in

the Corporation free of commissions. Further details on the Dividend

Reinvestment Plan and a Participation Form can be obtained from our Toronto office, our transfer agent or from our website.

1 ' Investment Date' means each dividend payment date upon which cash dividends paid on all Class A Shares registered in the name of a shareholder, net of any applicable withholding taxes, are reinvested.

## Dividend Record and Payment Dates

| Security  1  Record Date  2  Payment Date  3  Class A and Class B shares  Last day of February, May, August and November  Last day of March, June, September and December  Class A Preference shares  Series 2, 4, 13, 17, 18, 24, 26, 28, 30  32, 34, 36, 37, 38, 40, 42, 44, 46 and 48  15th day of March, June, September and December  Last day of March, June, September and December  Series 51  Last day of each month  12th day of following month  Series 52  15th day of January, April, July and October  First day of February, May, August and November   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1.    All dividend payments are subject to declaration by the Board of Directors.

2.    If the Record Date is not a business day, the Record Date will be the previous business day.

3.    If the Payment Date is not a business day, the Payment Date will be the previous business day.

## Board of Directors and Officers

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## M. Elyse Allan, C.M.

Former President and Chief Executive Officer, General Electric Canada Company Inc. and former Vice-President, General Electric Company

## Jeffrey M. Blidner

Vice Chair, Brookfield Corporation

## Angela F. Braly

Former Chair of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, WellPoint, Inc. (now known as Anthem, Inc.)

## Jack L. Cockwell, C.M.

Chair, Brookfield Partners Foundation

## Bruce Flatt

Chief Executive Officer, Brookfield Corporation and Brookfield Asset Management Ltd.

## Janice Fukakusa, C.M., F.C.P.A., F.C.A.

Former Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Financial Officer, Royal Bank of Canada

## Seek Ngee Huat

Chair, GLP IM Holdings Limited and Former Chair, Global Logistic Properties Ltd., and former President of GIC Real Estate Pte. Ltd.

Maureen Kempston Darkes, O.C., O.ONT. Former President, Latin America, Africa and Middle East, General Motors Corporation

## Brian D. Lawson

Vice Chair, and former Chief Financial Officer, Brookfield Corporation

## Howard Marks

Co-chair,

Oaktree Capital Group, LLC.

Details  on  Brookfield's  directors  are  provided  in  the  Management  Information  Circular  and  on  Brookfield's  website  at www.brookfield.com.

## CORPORATE OFFICERS

Bruce Flatt, Chief Executive Officer

Nicholas Goodman, President and Chief Financial Officer

## Hon. Frank J. McKenna, P.C., O.C., O.N.B.

Chair, Brookfield Corporation and Deputy Chair, TD Bank Group

## Rafael Miranda

Former Chief Executive Officer, Endesa, S.A.

## Lord O'Donnell

Chair, Frontier Economics Ltd.

## Hutham S. Olayan

Chair of The Olayan Group and former President and CEO of Olayan America

## Diana L. Taylor

Former Superintendent of Banks for the State of New York and investment banker

`

Brookfield incorporates sustainable development practices within our corporation. This document was printed in Canada using vegetable-based inks on FSC ® stock.

## BROOKFIELD CORPORATION

Brookfield.com NYSE: BN TSX: BN

## BROOKFIELD CORPORATE OFFICES

## United States

## Canada

Brookfield	Place 250	Vesey	Street 15th Floor New	York,	NY 10281-0221

+1.212.417.7000

Brookfield	Place 181	Bay	Street,	Suite	100 Bay	Wellington	Tower Toronto,	ON	M5J	2T3 +1.416.363.9491

## Brazil

Avenida	das	Nações	Unidas, 14.261 Edifício	WT	Morumbi Ala	B	-	20º	andar Morumbi	-	São	Paulo	-	SP CEP	04794-000

## United Arab Emirates

Level	24,	ICD	Brookfield	Place Al	Mustaqbal	Street,	DIFC P.O.	Box	507234 Dubai

+971.4.597.0100

+55 (11) 2540.9150

## OAKTREE CORPORATE OFFICES

## United States

333	South	Grand	Avenue 28th Floor Los	Angeles,	CA		90071

+1.213.830.6300

## United States

1301 Avenue of the Americas 34th Floor New	York,	NY	10019 +1.212.284.1900

## REGIONAL OFFICES (BROOKFIELD &amp; OAKTREE)

## North America

Bermuda Brentwood Calgary Chicago Houston Los Angeles Stamford

Vancouver

## South America

Bogotá Lima

## United Kingdom

One Canada Square Level 25 Canary	Wharf London  E14 5AA

+44.20.7659.3500

## India

Unit 1 4th	Floor,	Godrej	BKC Bandra	Kurla	Complex Mumbai 400 051 +91.22.6600.0700

## United Kingdom

Verde 10 Bressenden Place London	SW1E	5DH

+44.20.7201.4600

## Europe / UAE

Amsterdam Dublin Frankfurt Helsinki Luxembourg Paris Madrid

Dubai

## Australia

Brookfield	Place Level 19 10 Carrington Street Sydney,	NSW	2000 +61.2.9158.5100

## China

Unit	01,	11F Tower	C,	One	East No. 768 South Zhongshan 1st Road Huangpu	District,	Shanghai 200023

+86.21.2306.0700

## Hong Kong

Suite	2001,	20/F Champion	Tower 3	Garden	Road Central

+852.3655.6800

## Asia Pacific

Sydney Beijing Hong Kong Shanghai Seoul Singapore Tokyo