<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

## FORM 10-K

<!-- image -->

(Mark One)

☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended April 2, 2022

or

☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from                      to

Commission file number 001-35368

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

CAPRI HOLDINGS LTD

British Virgin Islands

N/A

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

## 33 Kingsway London, United Kingdom WC2B 6UF

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: 44 207 632 8600

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class

Ordinary Shares, no par value

Trading Symbol(s)

CPRI

Name of Each Exchange on which Registered

New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

☒ Yes

☐ No

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.

☐ Yes

☒ No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. ☒ Yes

☐ No

Indicate  by  check  mark  whether  the  registrant  has  submitted  electronically  every  Interactive  Data  File  required  to  be  submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).

☒ Yes

☐ No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging  growth  company.  See  the  definitions  of  'large  accelerated  filer,'  'accelerated  filer,'  'smaller  reporting  company,'  and  'emerging  growth company' in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):

Large accelerated filer ☒

Accelerated filer ☐

Non-accelerated filer ☐

Smaller reporting company ☐

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.

☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).

☐ Yes

☒ No

The  aggregate  market  value  of  the  registrant's  voting  and  non-voting  ordinary  shares  held  by  non-affiliates  of  the  registrant  was $7,510,364,310  as  of September 24, 2021, the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter based on the closing price of the ordinary shares on the New York Stock Exchange.

As of May 24, 2022, Capri Holdings Limited had 142,809,964 ordinary shares outstanding.

## DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

The information required by Part III of this report, to the extent not set forth herein, is incorporated by reference from the Registrant's definitive Proxy Statement, which will be filed in June 2022, for the 2022 Annual Meeting of the Shareholders.

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

## TABLE OF CONTENTS

| Page  PART I  Item 1  Business  6  Item 1A  Risk Factors  18  Item 1B  Unresolved Staff Comments  34  Item 2  Properties  34  Item 3  Legal Proceedings  34  Item 4  Mine Safety Disclosures  35  PART II  Item 5  Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity  Securities  36  Item 6  Selected Financial Data  38  Item 7  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  40  Item 7A  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  59  Item 8  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  61  Item 9  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  61  Item 9A  Controls and Procedures  61  Item 9B  Other Information  62  PART III  Item 10  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  63  Item 11  Executive Compensation  63  Item 12  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  63  Item 13  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence  63  Item 14  Principal Accounting Fees and Services  63  PART IV  Item 15  Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  64   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including documents incorporated herein by reference, contains statements which are, or may be deemed to be, 'forward-looking statements.' Forward-looking statements are prospective in nature and are not based on historical facts, but rather on current expectations and projections of the management of Capri Holdings Limited (the 'Company') about future events. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this Annual Report on Form  10-K,  including  documents  incorporated  herein  by  reference,  may  be  forward-looking  statements.  Forward-looking statements  include  information  concerning  the  Company's  goals,  future  plans  and  strategies,  including  with  respect  to environmental, social and governance ('ESG') goals, initiatives and ambitions as well as the Company's possible or assumed future  results  of  operations,  including  descriptions  of  its  business  strategy.  Without  limitation,  any  statements  preceded  or followed by or that include the words 'plans', 'believes', 'expects', 'intends', 'will', 'should', 'could', 'would', 'may', 'anticipates', 'might' or similar words or phrases, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees  of  future  financial  performance.  Such  forward-looking  statements  involve  known  and  unknown  risks  and uncertainties that could significantly affect expected results and are based on certain key assumptions, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or implied in any forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties and other factors include the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, levels of cash flow and future availability of credit, compliance with  restrictive  covenants  under  the  Company's  credit  agreement,  the  Company's  ability  to  integrate  successfully  and  to achieve anticipated benefits of any acquisition and to successfully execute our growth strategies; the risk of disruptions to the Company's businesses; risks associated with operating in international markets and our global sourcing activities, including disruptions or delays in manufacturing or shipments; the risk of cybersecurity threats and privacy of data security breaches; the negative effects of events on the market price of the Company's ordinary shares and its operating results; significant transaction costs; unknown liabilities; the risk of litigation and/or regulatory actions related to the Company's businesses; fluctuations in demand  for  the  Company's  products;  levels  of  indebtedness  (including  the  indebtedness  incurred  in  connection  with acquisitions);  the  timing  and  scope  of  future  share  buybacks,  which  may  be  made  in  open  market  or  privately  negotiated transactions,  and  are  subject  to  market  conditions,  applicable  legal  requirements,  trading  restrictions  under  the  Company's insider trading policy and other relevant factors, and which share repurchases may be suspended or discontinued at any time, the level of other investing activities and uses of cash; changes in consumer traffic and retail trends; high consumer debt levels, recession  and  inflationary  pressures;  loss  of  market  share  and  industry  competition;  fluctuations  in  the  capital  markets; fluctuations in interest and exchange rates; the occurrence of unforeseen epidemics and pandemics, disasters or catastrophes; extreme weather conditions and natural disasters; political or economic instability in principal markets; adverse outcomes in litigation;  and  general,  local  and  global  economic,  political,  business  and  market  conditions  including  acts  of  war  and  other geopolitical  conflicts;  as  well  as  those  risks  set  forth  in  the  Company's  filings  with  the  U.S.  Securities  and  Exchange Commission (the 'SEC'), including in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly under 'Item 1A. Risk Factors' and in 'Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.' The Company disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein other than in accordance with legal and regulatory obligations.

## SUMMARY OF RISKS AFFECTING OUR BUSINESS

Our business is subject to numerous risks. The following summary highlights some of the risks you should consider with respect to our business and prospects. This summary is not complete and the risks summarized below are not the only risks we face.  You  should  review  and  consider  carefully  the  risks  and  uncertainties  described  in  more  detail  in  this  'Risk  Factors' section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K which includes a more complete discussion of the risks summarized below as well as a discussion of other risks related to our business and an investment in our ordinary shares. Risks are listed in the categories where they primarily apply, but other categories may also apply.

## Risks Related to Macroeconomic Conditions

- the COVID-19 pandemic may continue to have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations;
- the accessories, footwear and apparel industries are heavily influenced by general macroeconomic cycles that affect consumer spending and a prolonged period of depressed consumer spending could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

## Risks Related to Our Business

- we face risks associated with operating globally and our strategy to continue to expand internationally;
- our business is subject to risks inherent in global sourcing activities, including disruptions or delays in manufacturing or shipments;
- our  retail  stores  are  heavily  dependent  on  the  ability  and  desire  of  consumers  to  travel  and  shop  and  a  decline  in consumer  traffic  could  have  a  negative  effect  on  our  comparable  store  sales  and  store  profitability  resulting  in

impairment charges, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition;

- recent changes in our executive management team, the departure of key employees or our failure to attract and retain qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business;
- the long-term growth of our business depends on the successful execution of our strategic initiatives;
- if  we  are  unable  to  effectively  execute  our  e-commerce  business  and  provide  a  reliable  digital  experience  for  our customers, our reputation and operating results may be harmed;
- we may not be able to respond to changing fashion and retail trends in a timely manner, which could have a material adverse effect on our brands, business, results of operations and financial condition;
- increased  scrutiny  from  investors  and  others  regarding  our  corporate  social  responsibility  initiatives,  including environmental, social  and  other  matters  of  significance  relating  to  sustainability,  could  result  in  additional  costs  or risks and adversely impact our reputation;
- our  wholesale  business  could  suffer  as  a  result  of  consolidations,  liquidations,  restructurings  and  other  ownership changes;
- acquisitions may not achieve intended benefits and may not be successfully integrated;
- the markets in which we operate are highly competitive, both within North America and internationally, and increased competition based on a number of factors could cause our profitability and/or gross margins to decline;
- our business is subject to risks associated with importing products, and the imposition of additional duties, tariffs or trade restrictions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition;
- we are subject to risks associated with leasing retail space subject to long-term and non-cancelable leases. We may be unable  to  renew  leases  at  the  end  of  their  terms.  If  we  close  a  leased  retail  space,  we  remain  obligated  under  the applicable lease;
- we are dependent on a limited number of distribution facilities. If one or more of our distribution facilities experiences operational  difficulties  or  becomes  inoperable,  it  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our  business,  results  of operations and financial condition;
- fluctuations in our tax obligations and changes in tax laws, treaties and regulations may have a material adverse impact on our future effective tax rates and results of operations;
- our business is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations;
- our current and future licensing and joint venture arrangements may not be successful and may make us susceptible to the actions of third parties over whom we have limited control;
- increases in the cost of raw materials could increase our production costs and cause our operating results and financial condition to suffer;
- we primarily use foreign manufacturing contractors and independent third-party agents to source our finished goods;
- as we outsource functions, we will become more dependent on the third parties performing these functions;
- our business is susceptible to the risks associated with climate change and other environmental impacts which could negatively affect our business and operations; and
- our industry is subject to significant pricing pressure caused by many factors which may cause our profitability and gross margins in the future to be materially lower than our expectations.

## Risks Related to Information Technology and Data Security

- privacy  breaches  and  other  cyber  security  risks  related  to  our  business  could  negatively  affect  our  reputation, credibility and business; and
- a material delay or disruption in our information technology systems or e-commerce websites or our failure or inability to upgrade our information technology systems precisely and efficiently could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

## Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory

- if  we  fail  to  comply  with  labor  laws  or  collective  bargaining  agreements,  or  if  our  independent  manufacturing contractors fail to use acceptable, ethical business practices, our business and reputation could suffer;
- we may be unable to protect our trademarks, copyrights and other intellectual property rights, and others may allege that we infringe upon their intellectual property rights;
- we self-insure certain risks and may be impacted by unfavorable claims experience; and

- we are subject to various proceedings, lawsuits, disputes, and claims in the ordinary course of business which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations;

## Risks Related to Our Debt

- we  have  incurred  a  substantial  amount  of  indebtedness,  which  could  adversely  affect  our  financial  condition  and restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness or engage in additional transactions; and
- we may be unable to meet financial covenants in our indebtedness agreements which could result in an event of default and restrictive covenants in such agreements may restrict our ability to pursue our business strategies.

## Risks Related to Our Ordinary Shares

- our share price may periodically fluctuate based on the accuracy of our earnings guidance or other forward-looking statements regarding our financial performance;
- failure  to  maintain  adequate  financial  and  management  processes  and  controls  could  lead  to  errors  in  our  financial reporting, which could harm our business and cause a decline in the price of our ordinary shares;
- provisions in our organizational documents may delay or prevent our acquisition by a third party;
- rights of shareholders under British Virgin Islands law differ from those under United States law, and, accordingly, our shareholders may have fewer protections;
- the laws of the British Virgin Islands provide limited protection for minority shareholders, so minority shareholders will have limited or no recourse if they are dissatisfied with the conduct of our affairs;
- it may be difficult to enforce judgments against us or our executive officers and directors in jurisdictions outside the United States; and
- British  Virgin  Islands  companies  may  not  be  able  to  initiate  shareholder  derivative  actions,  thereby  depriving shareholders of one avenue to protect their interests.

## PART I

Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to 'Capri', 'we', 'us', 'our', 'the Company', 'our Company' and 'our business' refer to Capri Holdings Limited and its consolidated subsidiaries.  References  to  our  stores,  retail  stores  and  retail  segment  include  all  of  our  full-price  retail  stores  (including concessions),  our  e-commerce  websites  and  outlet  stores.  The  Company  utilizes  a  52  to  53  week  fiscal  year  and  the  term 'Fiscal Year' or 'Fiscal' refers to that 52-week or 53-week period. The fiscal year ending on April 2, 2022 ('Fiscal 2022') contains 53 weeks and the fiscal years ending on March 27, 2021 and March 28, 2020 ('Fiscal 2021' and 'Fiscal 2020', respectively) contain 52 weeks. The Company's Fiscal 2023 is a 52-week period ending April 1, 2023. Some differences in the numbers in the tables and text throughout this annual report may exist due to rounding.

## Item 1. Business

## Our Company

Capri Holdings Limited ('Capri') is a global fashion luxury group, consisting of iconic brands that are industry leaders in design, style and craftsmanship, led by a world-class management team and renowned designers. Our brands cover the full spectrum  of  fashion  luxury  categories  including  women's  and  men's  accessories,  footwear  and  ready-to-wear  as  well  as wearable technology, watches, jewelry, eyewear and a full line of fragrance products. Our goal is to continue to extend the global reach of our brands while ensuring that they maintain their independence and exclusive DNA.

## Our Brands

## Versace

Our Versace brand has long been recognized as one of the world's leading international fashion design houses and is synonymous with Italian glamour and style. Founded in 1978 in Milan, Versace is known for its iconic and unmistakable style and unparalleled craftsmanship. Over the past several decades, the House of Versace has grown globally from its roots in haute couture, expanding into the design, manufacturing, distribution and retailing of accessories, ready-to-wear, footwear, eyewear, watches, jewelry, fragrance and home furnishings businesses. Versace's design team is led by Donatella Versace, who has been the brand's Artistic Director for over 20 years. Versace distributes its products through a worldwide distribution network, which includes boutiques in some of the world's most glamorous cities, its e-commerce sites, as well as through the most prestigious department and specialty stores worldwide.

## Jimmy Choo

Our Jimmy Choo brand offers a distinctive, glamorous and fashion-forward product range, enabling it to develop into a leading global luxury accessories brand, whose core product offering is women's luxury shoes, complemented by accessories, including handbags, small leather goods, jewelry, scarves and belts, as well as men's luxury shoes and accessory business. In addition, certain categories, such as fragrance and eyewear, are produced under licensing agreements. Jimmy Choo's design team is led by Sandra Choi, who has been the Creative Director for the brand since its inception in 1996. Jimmy Choo products are  unique,  instinctively  seductive  and  chic.  The  brand  offers  classic  and  timeless  luxury  products,  as  well  as  innovative products that are intended to set and lead fashion trends. Jimmy Choo is represented through its global store network, its ecommerce sites, as well as through the most prestigious department and specialty stores worldwide.

## Michael Kors

Our Michael Kors brand was launched over 40 years ago by Michael Kors, a world-renowned designer, whose vision has taken the Company from its beginnings as an American luxury sportswear house to a global accessories, footwear and ready-towear company with a global distribution network that has presence in over 100 countries through Company-operated retail stores and e-commerce sites, leading department stores, specialty stores and select licensing partners. Michael Kors is a highly recognized luxury fashion brand in the Americas and Europe with growing brand awareness in other international markets. Michael Kors features distinctive designs, materials and craftsmanship with a jet-set aesthetic that combines stylish elegance and a sporty attitude. Michael Kors offers three primary collections: the Michael Kors Collection luxury line, the MICHAEL Michael Kors accessible luxury line and the Michael Kors Mens line. The Michael Kors Collection establishes the aesthetic authority  of  the  entire  brand  and  is  carried  by  select  retail  stores,  our  e-commerce  sites,  as  well  as  in  the  finest  luxury department stores in the world. MICHAEL Michael Kors has a strong focus on accessories, in addition to offering footwear and ready-to-wear, and addresses the significant demand opportunity in accessible luxury goods. We have also been developing our

men's business in recognition of the significant opportunity afforded by the Michael Kors brand's established fashion authority and the expanding men's market. Taken together, our Michael Kors collections target a broad customer base while retaining our premium luxury image.

## Our Segments

We operate in three reportable segments as follows:

- Versace - accounted for approximately 19% of our total revenue in Fiscal 2022 and includes worldwide sales of Versace products through 209 retail stores (including concessions) and e-commerce sites, through 803 wholesale doors (including multi-brand stores), as well as through product and geographic licensing arrangements.
- Jimmy Choo - accounted for approximately 11% of our total revenue in Fiscal 2022 and includes worldwide sales of Jimmy Choo products through 237 retail stores (including concessions) and e-commerce sites, through 446 wholesale doors (including multi-brand stores), as well as through product and geographic licensing arrangements.
- Michael Kors - accounted for approximately 70% of our total revenue in Fiscal 2022 and includes worldwide sales of Michael  Kors  products  through  825  retail  stores  (including  concessions)  and  e-commerce  sites,  through  2,742 wholesale doors, as well as through product and geographic licensing arrangements.

In addition to these reportable segments, we have certain corporate costs that are not directly attributable to our brands and, therefore, are not allocated to segments. Such costs primarily include certain administrative, corporate occupancy, shared service and information systems expenses, including Enterprise Resource Planning ('ERP') system implementation costs and Capri transformation program costs. In addition, certain other costs are not allocated to segments, including restructuring and other  charges,  impairment  costs,  COVID-19  related  charges,  charitable  donations  and  the  war  in  Ukraine.  The  segment structure is consistent with how our chief operating decision maker plans and allocates resources, manages the business and assesses  performance.  All  intercompany  revenues  are  eliminated  in  consolidation  and  are  not  reviewed  when  evaluating segment  performance.  For  additional  financial  information  regarding  our  segments  and  corporate  unallocated  expenses,  see Note 19 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information.

## Industry

We operate in the global personal luxury goods industry. Through 2019, the personal luxury goods market grew at a midsingle digit rate over the past 20 years, with more recent growth driven by stronger Chinese demand from both international and local  consumers and demographic and socioeconomic shifts resulting in younger consumers purchasing more luxury goods. Then, in 2020, due to the impact of the COVID-19 crisis, the personal luxury goods market declined 22%. According to Bain* , the personal luxury goods market returned to 2019 levels in 2021, and the market is predicted to increase at a 10% compound annual growth rate between 2020 and 2025. Future growth will be driven by e-commerce, Chinese consumers and younger generations. By 2025, Bain studies estimate that approximately 30% of personal luxury goods sales will occur online, Chinese consumers will represent nearly half of total global personal luxury goods sales and Gen Z and Gen Y combined will make up at  least  two-thirds  of  the  market.  As  the  personal  luxury  goods  market  continues  to  evolve,  Capri  is  committed  to  creating engaging  luxury  experiences  globally.  In  our  view,  increased  customer  engagement  and  tailoring  merchandise  to  customer shopping  and  communication  preferences  are  key  to  growing  market  share.  We  believe  that  our  innovative  and  luxurious product offerings and customer engagement initiatives across all three brands position us to capitalize on the continued growth of the global personal luxury goods industry.

* Bain - Altagamma Luxury Goods Worldwide Market Study, Fall 2021 (November 11, 2021). These studies were prepared by Bain &amp; Company and Altagamma and can be obtained free of charge or at a nominal cost by contacting Bain &amp; Company's media contacts  at  aliza.medina@bain.com  or  dan.pinkney@bain.com.  While  we  believe  that  each  of  these  studies  and  publications  is reliable, we have not independently verified market and industry data from third-party sources.

## Geographic Information

We generate revenue globally through our three reportable segments, as described above. We sell our Versace, Jimmy Choo and Michael Kors products through retail and wholesale channels in three principal geographic markets: the Americas (United States, Canada and Latin America), EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) and Asia (Asia and Oceania). We also have  wholesale  arrangements  pursuant  to  which  we  sell  products  to  geographic  licensees.  In  addition,  we  have  licensing agreements through which we license to third parties the use of our Versace, Jimmy Choo and Michael Kors brand names and trademarks, certain production rights and sales and/or distribution rights with respect to our brands.

The following table details our revenue by segment and geographic location (in millions):

| Fiscal Years Ended  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  March 28,  2020  Versace revenue - the Americas  $  408  $  201  $  186  Versace revenue - EMEA  425  276  420  Versace revenue - Asia  255  241  237  Total Versace revenue  1,088  718  843  Jimmy Choo revenue - the Americas  175  102  107  Jimmy Choo revenue - EMEA  229  146  282  Jimmy Choo revenue - Asia  209  170  166  Total Jimmy Choo revenue  613  418  555  Michael Kors revenue - the Americas  2,627  1,869  2,822  Michael Kors revenue - EMEA  835  607  821  Michael Kors revenue - Asia  491  448  510  Total Michael Kors revenue  3,953  2,924  4,153  Total revenue - the Americas  3,210  2,172  3,115  Total revenue - EMEA  1,489  1,029  1,523  Total revenue - Asia  955  859  913  Total revenue  $  5,654  $  4,060  $  5,551   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Competitive Strengths

We believe that the following strengths differentiate us from our competitors:

Global  Fashion  Luxury  Group  Led  by  a  World-Class  Management  Team  and  Renowned  Designers .  We  are  a global fashion luxury group, consisting of three iconic brands defined by fashion luxury products with a reputation for worldclass design and innovation. The design leadership of our founder-designers Donatella Versace, Sandra Choi and Michael Kors is  a  unique  advantage  that  we  possess.  Our  founder-led  design  teams  are  supported  by  our  senior  management  team  with extensive  experience  across  a  broad  range  of  disciplines  in  the  retail  industry,  including  design,  sales,  marketing,  public relations, merchandising, real estate, supply chain and finance. With an average of 25 years of experience in the retail industry, including at a number of public companies, and an average of 19 years experience with our brands, our senior management team has strong creative and operational experience and a successful track record.

For over 20 years, Donatella Versace has been the Artistic Director, molding Versace's iconic style. A true visionary with  an  intuition  for  how  to  blend  fashion,  design  and  culture,  Donatella  continues  to  honor  the  rich  and  storied  Versace heritage founded in 1978, while constantly evolving and adapting the luxury house to ensure the brand's continued relevance. Donatella's most recent collections for Versace are a testament to her bold and fearless design vision that celebrate Versace's Italian heritage and unapologetic glamour. Versace designs have been worn by the world's most famous celebrities and most sought-after super models.

Jimmy Choo's design team is led by Sandra Choi, who has been the Creative Director for the Jimmy Choo brand since its  inception  in  1996.  Jimmy Choo products are glamourous and daring. The Jimmy Choo brand offers classic and timeless luxury products, as well as innovative products that are intended to set and lead fashion trends. Jimmy Choo's products have a strong red carpet presence and are often worn by global celebrities.

The  Michael  Kors  brand  was  launched  over  40  years  ago  by  Michael  Kors,  a  world-renowned  designer,  who  is responsible for conceptualizing and directing the design of our Michael Kors brand products. We believe that the Michael Kors brand  name  has  become  synonymous  with  luxurious  fashion  that  is  timeless  and  elegant,  expressed  through  the  brand's sophisticated  accessories  and  ready-to-wear  collections.  Each  of  our  Michael  Kors  brand  collections  exemplifies  the  jet-set lifestyle and features high quality designs, materials and craftsmanship. Michael Kors has received a number of awards, which

recognize the contribution he and his team have made to the fashion industry and our Company. Some of the most widely recognized global trendsetters and celebrities wear our Michael Kors brand collections.

Expertise in the Accessories Category. We have strong group expertise in accessories. The strength of our Michael Kors luxury collection and our accessible luxury MICHAEL Michael Kors line have allowed us to expand our brand awareness and position Michael Kors as one of the leading global luxury brands in the accessories product categories. Capitalizing on the success of our accessories product category, we continue to further develop the accessories businesses for Jimmy Choo and Versace, bringing our accessories expertise, including our product category knowledge, our merchandising best practices and our  substantial  group  buying  power  to  these  brands.  Our  goal  is  to  increase  Versace's  women's  and  men's  accessories penetration  from  20%  of  revenues  in  Fiscal  2022  to  50%  of  Versace's  revenues  over  time  and  to  increase  Jimmy  Choo's women's accessories penetration from approximately 20% of revenues in Fiscal 2022 to 30% of Jimmy Choo's revenues over the next few years and to 50% over time.

Exceptional  Retail  Store  Footprint. Versace  operates  in  three  primary  retail  formats:  boutiques,  outlet  and  ecommerce. We operated 209 Versace retail stores as of April 2,  2022  in  some  of  the  most  fashionable  cities  and  the  most sought-after shopping destinations around the world. During Fiscal 2022, we completed renovations at approximately 50% of our Versace retail stores to incorporate our new store design and will continue with these renovations in Fiscal 2023. Versace's products are distributed worldwide through a global network of highly specialized stores, which average approximately 1,800 square feet. In addition, we operate Versace e-commerce sites in the United States, certain parts of Europe and China (covering 85 countries worldwide).

We operated 237 Jimmy Choo retail stores as of April 2, 2022, in some of the most premier locations worldwide. Jimmy Choo retail stores, comprised of full-price stores and outlets, average approximately 1,400 square feet. In addition, we operate Jimmy Choo e-commerce sites in the United States, certain parts of Europe, Japan and China.

We  operated  825  Michael  Kors  stores  as  of  April  2,  2022  with  four  primary  retail  store  formats:  collection  stores, lifestyle  stores,  outlet  stores  and  e-commerce  sites.  Michael  Kors  collection  stores  are  located  in  some  of  the  world's  most prestigious shopping areas and average approximately 2,900 square feet in size. The Michael Kors lifestyle stores are located in some  of  the  world's  most  frequented  metropolitan  shopping  locations  and  leading  regional  shopping  centers,  and  average approximately 2,700 square feet in size. We also extend our reach to additional consumer groups through our outlet stores, which average approximately 4,400 square feet in size. In addition, we also operate Michael Kors e-commerce sites in North America, China, Japan, South Korea, certain parts of Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Oceania.

World-class Omni and CRM Capabilities. We have omni-channel capabilities from best-in-class digital platforms to state-of-the-art  distribution  facilities  globally,  which  we  leverage  across  businesses.  As  part  of  our  plan  to  continue  to implement omni-channel capabilities throughout our businesses, we have begun leveraging our distribution centers globally to serve multiple brands.

Strong  Relationships  with  Premier  Department  Stores .  We  partner  with  leading  wholesale  customers,  such  as Macy's,  Saks  Fifth  Avenue,  Bloomingdale's  and  Holt  Renfrew  in  North  America,  as  well  as  Harrods,  Harvey  Nichols, Printemps,  Selfridges  and  Galeries  Lafayette  in  Europe.  These  relationships  enable  us  to  access  large  numbers  of  our  key consumers in a targeted manner. Our 'shop-in-shops' have specially trained staff, as well as customized fixtures, wall casings, decorative  items,  flooring  and  provide  department  store  consumers  with  a  more  personalized  shopping  experience  than traditional  retail  department  store  configurations.  We  have  engaged  with  our  wholesale  customers on various initiatives and have continued to enter into supply chain partnerships designed to increase the speed at which our luxury fashion products reach the ultimate consumer. We plan to increase Versace's and Jimmy Choo's presence in certain luxury department stores, and for Michael Kors, we continue to optimize deliveries with the intent to drive more full-price sell-through in the wholesale channel.

## Business Strategy

Our goal is to continue to create long-term shareholder value by increasing our revenue and profits and strengthening our global brands. We also believe that sound environmental and social policies are both ethically correct and fiscally responsible. To that end, we are committed to improving the way we work in order to better the world in which we live. We plan to achieve our business strategy by focusing on the following strategic initiatives:

Leverage  group  expertise  and  capabilities. We  will  continue  to  leverage  our  group  expertise  in  accessories  and footwear to fuel growth across our portfolio of brands, implementing the best practices from our Michael Kors core accessories business  to  our  Versace  and  Jimmy  Choo  brands.  We  will  also  continue  to  prioritize  the  development  of  our  e-commerce

platforms and omni-channel capabilities for our brands, leveraging our broad expertise and capabilities in this area. We see a number of opportunities to create long-term operational synergies as we combine our global competencies and footprint. These synergies  will  be  primarily  focused  on  opportunities  in  our  supply  chain,  information  systems,  back  office  support  and manufacturing.

Continue  to  increase  our  presence  in  Asia. We plan  to  continue  to  diversify  our  group's  global  footprint  with  an emphasis on the Asia market, where we believe each of our three brands continue to have the potential to significantly grow market share in the region.

Integrate Versace and continue to build on the brand ' s luxury image. We plan to grow the Versace business to at least  $2  billion  in  revenues  over  time.  To  achieve  this  goal,  we  plan  to  build  on  Versace's  iconic  brand  codes  -  Virtus,  La Medusa  and  La  Greca.  Additionally,  we  will  capitalize  on  Versace's  high  brand  awareness  through  bold  and  engaging consumer communication. We also plan to expand and elevate Versace's distribution by accelerating e-commerce and omnichannel capabilities, increasing our global retail footprint to 300 retail stores and continuing to renovate the remainder of the store fleet. Finally, we plan to leverage our group's expertise to expand Versace's women's and men's accessories to 50% of the brand's revenues over time, while maintaining Versace's authoritative presence in women's and men's ready-to-wear.

Continue to execute on our strategies to grow the Jimmy Choo brand. We plan to continue to implement our growth strategies  for  Jimmy  Choo  with  a  goal  of  reaching  $1  billion  in  revenues  over  time.  Our  overarching  strategy  is  rooted  in reinforcing the brand's glamorous DNA through consumer experience and communications, as well as through product - from formal to casual, across accessories and footwear. Additionally, we plan to expand Jimmy Choo's distribution by accelerating e-commerce  and  omni-channel  developments  and  increasing  our  global  retail  footprint  to  300  retail  stores  in  the  most fashionable shopping destinations around the world. We also have a significant opportunity to increase women's accessories to approximately 50% of Jimmy Choo's revenue over time by expanding the breadth of new collections. At the same time, we plan to continue to grow footwear sales by capitalizing on the success of glamour while expanding our fashion active and casual offerings.

Continue  to  leverage  the  strength  of  our  Michael  Kors  brand,  which  remains  the  foundation  for  our  fashion luxury  group. Our  goal  is  to  continue  to  elevate  Michael  Kors  to  become  a  stronger  and  more  profitable  brand.  We  are capitalizing on high brand awareness and consumer engagement by embracing Michael Kors jet set heritage through a modern lens. Expanding our highly recognizable Signature pattern across all product categories remains a core growth strategy and our goal is to increase penetration to approximately 50% of our overall product assortments. In accessories, we continue to refresh and celebrate brand icons while evolving Signature styles with newness. Additionally, we plan to grow our men's business by leading  with  accessories  and  maximizing  our  Signature  brand  codes.  Our  strategy  to  enhance  customer  experience  by expanding our omni-channel capabilities also remains a key priority. Finally, we plan to double Michael Kors revenue in Asia over time.

Execute on our corporate social responsibility strategy. We believe that the success of our company is directly linked to the sustainability of the world around us. In April 2020, we shared Capri's group-wide, global corporate social responsibility (CSR)  strategy,  set  around  the  environmental  and  social  sustainability  opportunities  and  challenges  most  important  to  our company and its  stakeholders.  Within  each  of  our  strategy's  three  foundational  pillars  -  Our  World,  Our  Community,  Our Philanthropy - are key CSR focus areas that guide our work in support of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Over the past year, we continued to improve the way we work in order to better the world in which we live. Our key sustainability goals, our plans for getting there, and an update on the progress we have made can be found in our annual CSR report located at www.capriholdings.com/responsibility. The content on this website and the content in our CSR reports are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC.

## Collections and Products

Our total revenue by major product category is as follows (in millions):

| Fiscal Years Ended  April 2,  2022  % of  Total  March 27,  2021  % of  Total  March 28,  2020  % of  Total  Accessories  $  2,901  51.3%  $  2,158  53.2%  $  2,933  52.8%  Footwear  1,208  21.4%  796  19.6%  1,100  19.8%  Apparel  1,027  18.2%  720  17.7%  1,069  19.3%  Licensed product  241  4.3%  185  4.6%  222  4.0%  Licensing revenue  212  3.7%  155  3.8%  201  3.6%  Other  65  1.1%  46  1.1%  26  0.5%  Total revenue  $  5,654  $  4,060  $  5,551   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Versace

Versace is one of the leading international fashion design houses, representing the brand's creative vision through a wide range  of  products.  From  haute-couture,  to  ready-to-wear,  footwear,  accessories  and  home  decor,  Versace  delivers  a  unique lifestyle  that  welcomes  customers  in  its  elegant  yet  glamorous  universe.  Generally,  Versace's  haute  couture  retails  up  to $250,000, ready-to-wear retails from $220 to $17,000, accessories retail from $55 to $3,900 and footwear retails from $300 to $4,100.

Certain product categories, such as Versace Jeans Couture, eyewear, fragrances, jewelry, watches and home furnishings, are produced under product licensing agreements. Swinger SA is the exclusive licensee for Versace Jeans Couture, Luxottica is the exclusive licensee for Versace eyewear, EuroItalia is the exclusive licensee for Versace fragrances, Vertime is the exclusive licensee  for  Versace  watches  and  Poltrona  Frau  is  the  exclusive  licensee  for  Versace  home  furnishings.  Generally,  Versace Jeans Couture retail from $45 to $2,000, Versace eyewear retails from $240 to $500, Versace fragrances retail from $50 to $400, Versace watches retail from $480 to $3,500 and Versace home furnishings, which include a variety of products, generally retails from $990 to $100,000.

## Jimmy Choo

Jimmy Choo is a leading global luxury accessories brand and offers a distinctive, glamorous and fashion-forward product range,  whose  core  product  offerings  are  women's  luxury  shoes,  complemented  by  accessories,  including  handbags,  small leather goods, jewelry, scarves and belts, as well as a men's luxury shoes and accessories business. Generally, Jimmy Choo women's and men's luxury shoes retail from $400 to $5,500 and accessories retail from $200 to $4,500.

Certain  product  categories,  such  as  Jimmy  Choo  fragrance  and  eyewear,  are  produced  under  product  licensing agreements. Interparfums SA is the exclusive licensee for Jimmy Choo fragrances and Safilo SpA is the exclusive licensee for Jimmy Choo eyewear. Generally, Jimmy Choo eyewear retails from $200 to $550 and Jimmy Choo fragrances retail from $80 to $220.

## Michael Kors

Michael  Kors  has  three  primary  collections  that  offer  accessories,  footwear  and  apparel:  Michael  Kors  Collection, MICHAEL Michael Kors and Michael Kors Mens. The three primary collections and licensed products are offered through our own  Michael  Kors  retail  stores  and  e-commerce  businesses,  in  department  stores  around  the  world  and  by  our  exclusive licensees  to  wholesale  customers  in  addition  to  select  retailers.  The  Michael  Kors  Collection  is  a  sophisticated  designer collection  for  women  based  on  a  philosophy  of  essential  luxury  and  pragmatic  glamour  and  includes  accessories,  primarily handbags and small leather goods, ready-to-wear and footwear. Generally, the Michael Kors Collection women's handbags and small leather goods retail from $300 to $6,000, footwear retails from $300 to $1,500 and ready-to-wear retails from $400 to $7,500. MICHAEL Michael Kors is the accessible luxury collection and offers women's accessories, primarily handbags and small  leather  goods,  as  well  as  footwear  and  apparel  and  is  carried  in  all  of  the  Michael  Kors  lifestyle  stores  and  leading department stores around the world. MICHAEL Michael Kors offers handbags designed to meet the fashion and functional requirements of our broad and diverse consumer base. Generally, MICHAEL Michael Kors handbags retail from $200 to $750, small leather goods retail from $50 to $250, footwear retails from $50 to $300 and apparel retails from $75 to $700. Michael Kors  Mens  is  an  innovative  collection  of  men's  ready-to-wear,  accessories  and  footwear  with  a  modern  American  style.

Michael  Kors  Mens  apparel  generally  retails  from  $50  to  $1,000,  men's  accessories  generally  retail  from  $50  to  $800  and men's footwear generally retails from $150 to $400.

Certain  product  categories,  including  watches,  jewelry,  eyewear  and  fragrance,  are  produced  under  product  licensing agreements.  Fossil  is  our  exclusive  licensee  for  Michael  Kors  watches  and  jewelry,  including  our  Michael  Kors  ACCESS smartwatches and our fine jewelry line. Luxottica is our exclusive licensee for Michael Kors distinctive eyewear inspired by our collections. Estee Lauder has historically been Michael Kors exclusive women's and men's fragrance licensee. The Company is transitioning its fragrance business to EuroItalia during Fiscal 2023. Generally, Michael Kors fashion watches retail from $200 to  $600,  Michael  Kors  ACCESS  smartwatches  retail  from  $250  to  $450,  Michael  Kors  jewelry  retails  from  $50  to  $500, Michael Kors eyewear retails from $100 to $350 and Michael Kors fragrance and related products generally retail from $30 to $150.

## Advertising and Marketing

Our marketing and advertising programs are designed to build brand awareness for each of our luxury houses as well as highlight our product offerings. We use a 360-degree marketing strategy for each of our brands to deliver a consistent message across each brand's advertising communications, social media, celebrity dressing, special events and direct marketing activities at  a  national,  regional  and  local  level.  Our  campaigns  are  increasingly  being  executed  through  digital  and  social  media platforms to drive further engagement with younger consumers.

Our brands introduce their new collections annually with fashion shows and other fashion events. These fashion events, in  addition  to  celebrity  red  carpet  dressing  moments,  generate  extensive  domestic  and  international  media  and  social  media coverage. The Versace and Michael Kors semi-annual runway shows and Jimmy Choo celebrity placements generate extensive media coverage. Jimmy Choo is also the leading brand in editorial coverage for women's luxury shoes globally.

We believe our renowned brand founders, as well as our high-profile brand ambassadors and well-known social media influencers across our marketing programs help expand brand awareness and drive cultural relevance.

In Fiscal 2022, we recognized approximately $329 million in advertising and marketing expenses globally. We engage in a wide range of integrated marketing programs across various marketing channels, including but not limited to email marketing, print  advertising,  outdoor  advertising,  digital  marketing,  social  media,  public  relations  outreach,  visual  merchandising  and partnership  marketing,  in  an  effort  to  engage  our  existing  and  potential  customer  base  and  ultimately  stimulate  sales  in  a consumer-preferred shopping venue.

Our growing e-commerce businesses provide us with an opportunity to increase the size of our customer database and to communicate  with  our  consumers  to  increase  online  and  physical  store  sales,  as  well  as  to  continue  to  build  global  brand awareness for our brands. We are continuously improving the functionalities and features on our e-commerce sites to create innovative ways to keep our brands at the forefront of consumers' minds by offering a broad selection of products, including accessories, apparel and footwear. Since e-commerce growth is critical to our overall growth strategy, we plan to accelerate Versace's and Jimmy Choo's e-commerce and omni-channel development and we are also in the process of re-platforming our brands' e-commerce sites to expand our global capabilities. See Item 1A. 'Risk Factors' - 'If we are unable to effectively execute  our  e-commerce  business  and  provide  a  reliable  digital  experience  for  our  customers,  our  reputation  and  operating results may be harmed.'

## Manufacturing and Sourcing

We  generally  contract  for  the  purchase  of  finished  goods  principally  with  independent  third-party  manufacturing contractors, whereby the manufacturing contractor is generally responsible for the entire manufacturing process, including the purchase of piece goods and trim for our Jimmy Choo and Michael Kors brands. For the Versace brand, some of the piece goods and trim are separately purchased by Versace and provided to the manufacturers, and some are sourced directly by the manufacturers, as further described below.

Versace  has  a  centrally  managed  production  model  for  the  majority  of  its  products,  and  buys  raw  materials  and components  for  these  products.  All  raw  materials  arrive  in  a  central  warehouse  in  Novara,  Italy  and  are  distributed  to independent third-party manufacturing contractors after the quality control process is complete. The vast majority of Versace's production is located in Italy. The remaining production occurs elsewhere in Europe and a small portion is produced in Asia or North Africa.

Jimmy Choo products are manufactured by independent third-party manufacturing contractors and our Italian atelier and shoe manufacturer. Most of Jimmy Choo's products are produced by specialists in Italy, supported by other factories across Europe, with a small portion produced in Asia. Jimmy Choo has a product development facility in Florence. In addition to purchasing  finished  goods,  Jimmy  Choo  also  purchases  raw  materials  for  both  product  development  and  manufacturing purposes.

Michael  Kors  contracts  for  the  purchase  of  finished  goods  principally  with  independent  third-party  manufacturing contractors that are generally responsible for the entire manufacturing process, including the purchase of piece goods and trim. Product  manufacturing  for  the  Michael  Kors  brand  is  allocated  among  third-party  manufacturing  contractors  based  on  their capabilities, the availability of production capacity, pricing and delivery. For certain product categories, Michael Kors also has relationships with various agents who source finished goods with numerous manufacturing contractors on its behalf. This multisupplier strategy provides specialized skills, scalability, flexibility and speed to market, as well as diversifies risk. In Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, one third-party buying agent sourced approximately 24% of Michael Kors finished goods purchases, based on unit volume. Michael Kors' largest manufacturing contractor, who produces its products in Asia and who Michael Kors has worked with for approximately 20 years, accounted for the production of approximately 17% of its finished products, based on dollar volume in Fiscal 2022. Nearly all of our Michael Kors products were produced in Asia in Fiscal 2022.

The manufacturing contractors for our brands operate under the close supervision of our global manufacturing divisions and  buying  agents  located  in  North  America,  Europe  and  Asia.  All  products  are  produced  according  to  our  specifications. Production staff monitors manufacturing at supplier facilities in order to correct problems prior to shipment of the final product. Quality  assurance  is  focused  on  as  early  as  possible  in  the  production  process,  allowing  merchandise  to  be  received  at  the distribution facilities and shipped to customers with minimal interruption. See 'Import Restrictions and Other Governmental Regulations' and Item 1A. 'Risk Factors' - 'We primarily use foreign manufacturing contractors and independent third-party agents to source our finished goods, which poses legal, regulatory, political and economic risks to our business operations.'

Our future manufacturing and sourcing strategy includes purchasing luxury manufacturing facilities in Italy to support all of  our  brands,  pursuing  manufacturing  synergies  across  brands  and  securing  capacity  and  improving  our  expertise  in development and delivery. While the fashion design process will remain independently managed by each of our brands, we believe  that  in-sourcing  luxury  manufacturing  capacity  will  create  synergies  and  support  expansion  for  our  global  fashion luxury group.

## Distribution

Versace owns a central warehouse in Novara, Italy, managed by a third party, which acts as a global hub for Versace's primary  operations.  Versace  also  has  a  leased  warehouse  near  Novara  operated  by  the  same  third  party,  which  serves  as  a distribution point for other Versace lines. From these warehouses, products are shipped to regional warehouses that are operated by  third  parties  in  New  Jersey,  Hong  Kong,  Mainland  China  and  Japan,  and  supports  the  Versace  retail  and  e-commerce businesses. E-commerce distribution for the United States market is conducted through third party providers in New Jersey. Versace's wholesale business is mainly serviced from three central warehouses located in Italy, the United States and Japan.

Jimmy Choo's primary distribution facility is our Company-owned and operated distribution facility in the Netherlands. From there, products are shipped to regional warehouses in the United States, Canada, Mainland China, Hong Kong, South Korea, Japan and United Arab Emirates, largely supporting the Jimmy Choo retail and e-commerce businesses. Shipments to wholesale customers globally are made from the Netherlands and the United States, with some further local fulfillment. All of the distribution facilities utilized by Jimmy Choo are operated by third parties and are shared with other unaffiliated businesses with the exception of our distribution facility in the Netherlands. This flexible method reinforces the speed and efficiency of the supply chain and allows the business to deliver Jimmy Choo product and collections to market rapidly and in line with the industry's fashion calendar.

Michael  Kors  primary  distribution  facility  in  the  United  States  is  a  leased  facility  in  Whittier,  California,  which  is directly operated and services our Michael Kors retail stores, e-commerce site and wholesale operations in the United States. We also engage in omni-channel order fulfillment by filling online orders through our Michael Kors retail stores and through our click-and-collect service offerings. Our primary Michael Kors distribution facility in Europe is our Company-owned and operated distribution facility in the Netherlands, which supports our European operations for our Michael Kors brand, including our European e-commerce sites. We also have a regional Michael Kors distribution center in Canada, which is leased, as well as regional Michael Kors distribution centers in New Jersey, Mainland China, Hong Kong, Japan, South Korea and Taiwan, which are operated by third-parties.

## Intellectual Property

We  own  VERSACE,  JIMMY  CHOO  and  MICHAEL  KORS  trademarks,  as  well  as  other  material  trademarks, copyrights, design and patent rights related to the production, marketing and distribution of our products, both in the United States and in other countries in which our products are principally sold. We also have applications pending for a variety of related trademarks, copyrights, designs and patents in various countries throughout the world. As the worldwide usage of our material trademarks, copyrights, designs and patents continue to expand, we continue to strategically apply to register them in key countries where they are used. We expect that our material intellectual property will remain in full force and effect for as long as we continue to use and renew them.

We aggressively police our intellectual property and pursue infringers both domestically and internationally. In addition, we pursue counterfeiters in the United States, Europe, the Middle East, Asia and elsewhere in the world in both online and offline channels, working with our network of customs authorities, law enforcement, legal representatives and brand specialists around the world as well as involvement with industry associations and anti-counterfeiting organizations.

## Information Systems

Each  of  our  three  brands  currently  operates  using  their  legacy  systems  for  finance  and  accounting,  supply  chain, inventory  control,  point-of-sale  transactions,  store  replenishment  and  other  functions.  Our  long-term  strategy  includes consolidating certain systems across our brands over time to create operational efficiencies. During Fiscal 2020, we embarked on a multi-year ERP implementation to conform various processes onto one global system that would support certain finance, accounting and operational functions. The implementation of the ERP requires a significant investment in human and financial resources.  As  a  result  of  COVID-19  and  our  need  to  significantly  reduce  our  capital  expenditures  in  order  to  protect  our liquidity and cash flows, we temporarily suspended our ERP project. Certain phases of the project have resumed as of the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2021 and a portion of the system will go live in Fiscal 2023.  See Item 1A. 'Risk Factors' - 'A material delay or disruption in our information technology systems or e-commerce websites or our failure or inability to upgrade our information  technology  systems  precisely  and  efficiently  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our  business,  results  of operations and financial condition.'

## Human Capital Management

At Capri Holdings, we strive to create workplaces where our employees and the workers across our supply chain thrive. Through our benefits packages, learning and development programs, focus on diversity and inclusion, wellness programs and supply chain empowerment initiatives, we continue to make significant investments in our Capri community.

Governance  and  Oversight. Our  Board  of  Directors  has  delegated  oversight  of  matters  relating  to  human  capital management, including compensation, learning and development and diversity and inclusion to our Compensation and Talent Committee. Our Compensation and Talent Committee receives regular updates on our talent development strategies and other applicable areas of human capital management.

Employee Profile. At the end of Fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, we had approximately 14,600, 13,800 and 17,000 total employees, respectively. As of April 2, 2022, we had approximately 9,700 full-time employees and approximately 4,900 parttime employees. Approximately 11,000 of our employees were engaged in retail selling and administrative positions and our remaining  employees  were  engaged  in  other  aspects  of  our  business  as  of  April  2,  2022.  As  of  April  2,  2022,  we  have approximately 2,600 employees covered by collective bargaining agreements in certain European countries. We consider our relations with both our union and non-union employees to be good.

Benefits  and  Compensation. We  maintain  comprehensive  benefits  and  compensation  packages  to  attract,  retain  and recognize our employees. Our health and welfare benefit program is designed to provide a wide range of benefits to meet the health care, financial, work/life and mental wellbeing needs of eligible employees. Benefits include, among others, medical, dental and vision plans, life insurance, short and long-term disability coverage, retirement plans (with matching contributions where applicable), paid parental leave for all parents, gender reassignment coverage and fertility support benefits in the United States,  and  a  wellness  program  focused  on  mental  wellbeing,  including  several  digital  therapeutic  programs  to  assist  with therapy,  anxiety  and  worry  and  sleep.  We  also  offer  employees  paid  time  off,  including  to  volunteer  with  select  charitable organizations,  to  get  the  COVID-19  vaccine  and  to  quarantine  in  accordance  with  government  or  health  organization recommended quarantine guidelines (in addition to any COVID-19 mandated paid sick leave at the federal, state, or local level). Employees are also entitled to discounts on our merchandise.

Learning and Development. We honor our employees through our dedication to development. In 2022, we launched a new leadership development program for our mid-level management centered around the facets of Emotional Intelligence, to help our employees succeed in our changed and everchanging global environment. Additionally, we have implemented a new Learning Management System (LMS), which has allowed us to extend access to development resources to an even broader employee population. Dating back to the program's inception in 2015, a majority of our senior leaders have participated in an executive leadership development program offered in partnership with the Center for Creative Leadership, and more than 800 of  our  people  managers  have  participated  in  leadership  development  programs.  These  programs  are  aimed  at  equipping  our leaders with strategies to effectively navigate and drive change, and to build and strengthen cross-functional relationships. All full-time employees also participate in a formal performance review process annually, and receive annual trainings on important topics including compliance, ethics and integrity, respect in the workplace and information security as a part of our efforts to maintain a safe, positive and inclusive work environment.

To  build  on  the  diversity  and  inclusion  trainings  that  we  implemented  in  Fiscal  2021  to  address  unconscious  bias, microaggressions and workplace diversity, sensitivity, and inclusion, in Fiscal 2022 we added Diversity &amp; Inclusion training workshops for our senior leaders to attend live with peers across all functions of the organization.

Diversity and Inclusion. Diversity and inclusion are embedded in our DNA. We foster an inclusive environment where employees,  vendors  and  customers  of  diverse  backgrounds  are  respected,  valued  and  celebrated.  We  are  proud  of  our commitment to diversity, equality and inclusion, and will continue to advance these principles through meaningful short and long term actions across the globe. Our commitment to diversity and inclusion is supported by three pillars:

Capri Culture - Our commitment to diversity extends beyond representation. We aim to build an inclusive space where all employees have the opportunity to realize their full potential and excel, while contributing to our success in a meaningful way.

Capri  Talent -  Differences  in  ideas  and  experiences  allow  our  Company  to  thrive.  We  are  attracting,  advancing  and advocating for a workforce that reflects the diversity of the world around us.

Capri Community -  Through diversity and inclusion comes understanding and strength. Our responsibility to promote equality is not just to those who work with us, but to our industry, the customers we serve and the communities around us.

In  Fiscal  2022,  we  continued  our  commitment  to  fostering  a  diverse  and  inclusive  workplace.  We  launched  our Ambassador  Program  with  43  active  members.  Our  Diversity  and  Inclusion  ('D&amp;I')  ambassadors  act  as  additional  D&amp;I champions that will help communicate, promote, and cascade D&amp;I goals and initiatives to our Capri Community. In addition, we submitted data to the Human Rights Campaign's Corporate Equality Index, a United States benchmarking tool measuring policies, practices and benefits pertinent to LGBTQ+ employees, and scored an 90 out of 100 earning a Best Place to Work for LGBTQ+  Equality  designation.  We  also  signed  the  Black  In  Fashion  Council's  pledge  to  raise  the  percentage  of  Black employees in executive- and junior-level positions within our organization. Capri is also proud to partner with a wide array of organizations and pledges in furtherance of driving equality, including: The CEO Action for Diversity &amp; Inclusion, Cristo Rey, Open  To  All,  and  Pride  in  Fashion.  Finally,  Capri  launched  its  first  employee  resource  group  focused  on  the  LGBTQ+ community within Capri, Pride@Capri.

Through  The  Capri  Holdings  Foundation  for  the  Advancement  in  Diversity  in  Fashion,  we  are  driving  diversity, inclusion  and  equality  throughout  the  fashion  industry  by  working  collaboratively  with  colleges  and  high  schools  to  create meaningful opportunities in fashion for underrepresented communities. In Fiscal 2022, the Foundation announced an expansive new  scholarship  program  in  partnership  with  the  Fashion  Institute  of  Technology  (FIT),  Howard  University,  PENSOLE Academy and  Central  Saint  Martins  -  University  of  the  Arts  London.  Over  the  next  four  years,  the  Foundation  will  fund scholarships  for  nearly  100  students  from  historically  underrepresented  communities  pursuing  degrees  in  fashion  and merchandising across these four educational institutions.

Well-being and Safety .  Everyone working on behalf of our Company is entitled to work in a safe environment while maintaining  their  health  and  well-being.  Capri's  global  safe  workplace  program,  which  includes  employee  traveler  and emergency response alerts, raises awareness and provides safety resources tailored for workers in different work environments -  from  our  distribution  centers  to  our  retail  stores.  In  addition,  as  we  continue  to  navigate  the  COVID-19  pandemic,  we continue  to  prioritize  the  safety  of  our  employees  and  our  customers  and  to  do  our  part  to  help  stop  the  spread  within  our communities. We enhanced health and safety protocols at our retail stores, distribution centers and corporate offices, adhered to social  distancing  measures  and  provided  contact-free  shopping  opportunities  when  safe  to  do  so.  As  the  landscape  of  this pandemic evolves, we continue to adapt and enforce safety  protocols  at  our  retail  stores,  distribution  centers  and  corporate offices.  The COVID-19 pandemic also changed the way we work with many of our corporate employees working remotely

during the pandemic. While we have welcomed employees back to work, we continue to explore flexible work options and have implemented a hybrid working environment. Beyond the threat COVID-19 has posed to physical health and the way we work,  we  also  recognize  the  significant  impact  the  pandemic  has  had  on  our  employees'  overall  well-being.  We  have significantly expanded our Thrive global wellness program, designed to inspire employees to improve their physical, emotional, and financial well-being.

Supply  Chain  Empowerment. Our  community  extends  beyond  our  direct  employees  and  our  corporate  social responsibility program drives us toward greater engagement with our suppliers. We are dedicated to conducting our operations throughout the world on principles of ethical business practice and recognition of the dignity of workers. Through our Code of Conduct for Business Partners and Factory Social Compliance Program, we partner with our suppliers on important human rights,  health  and  safety,  environmental  and  compliance  issues.  Capri  is  also  signatory  to  the  UN  Women's  Empowerment Principles, and partnered with the Fashion Makes Change campaign to support the empowerment and education of women in the fashion supply chain.

## Competition

We  face  intense  competition  in  the  product  lines  and  markets  in  which  we  operate  from  both  existing  and  new competitors. Our products compete with other branded products within their product category. In varying degrees, depending on  the  product  category  involved,  we  compete  on  the  basis  of  style,  price,  customer  service,  quality,  brand  prestige  and recognition, among others. In our wholesale business, we compete with numerous manufacturers, importers and distributors of products  like  ours  for  the  limited  space  available  for  product  display.  Moreover,  the  general  availability  of  manufacturing contractors  allows  new  entrants  easy  access  to  the  markets  in  which  we  compete,  which  may  increase  the  number  of  our competitors  and  adversely  affect  our  competitive  position  and  our  business.  We  believe,  however,  that  we  have  significant competitive advantages because of the recognition of our brands and the acceptance of our brands by consumers. See Item 1A. 'Risk Factors' - 'The markets in which we operate are highly competitive, both within North America and internationally, and increased competition based on a number of factors could cause our profitability and/or gross margins to decline.'

## Seasonality

We experience certain effects of seasonality with respect to our business. We generally experience greater sales during our third fiscal quarter, primarily driven by holiday season sales, and the lowest sales during our first fiscal quarter.

## Import Restrictions and Other Governmental Regulations

Virtually all of our imported products are subject to duties which may impact the costs of such products. In addition, countries to which we ship our products may impose safeguard quotas to limit the quantity of products that may be imported. We utilize free trade agreements and other supply chain initiatives in order to maximize efficiencies and cost savings relating to product  importation.  For  example,  we  have  historically  received  benefits  from  duty-free  imports  on  certain  products  from certain countries pursuant to the United States. Generalized System of Preferences ('GSP') program. The GSP program expired on  December  31,  2020.  If  the  GSP  program  is  not  renewed  or  otherwise  made  retroactive,  we  will  continue  to  experience significant  additional  duties  and  our  gross  margin  will  continue  to  be  negatively  impacted.  Additionally,  we  are  subject  to government regulations relating to importation activities, including related to United States. Customs and Border Protection ('CBP') withhold release orders. The imposition of taxes, duties and quotas, the withdrawal from or material modification to trade  agreements  and/or  if  CBP  detains  shipments  of  our  goods  pursuant  to  a  withhold  release  order  could  have  a  material adverse  effect  on  our  business,  results  of  operations  and  financial  condition.  If  additional  tariffs  or  trade  restrictions  are implemented by the United States or other countries, the cost of our products could increase which could adversely affect our results  of  operations  and  financial  condition.  Additionally,  we  are  subject  to  government  regulations  relating  to  product labeling, testing and safety. We maintain a global customs and product compliance organization to help manage our import and related regulatory activity.

## Corporate Social Responsibility ('CSR')

In April 2020, we shared Capri's group-wide, global CSR strategy, set around the environmental and social sustainability opportunities and challenges most important to our company and its stakeholders relating to environmental sustainability and climate change, human rights, diversity and inclusion, and philanthropy. Our CSR strategy is divided into three foundational pillars:

- Our World -  We believe that the success of our Company is directly linked to the sustainability of the world around  us.  Our  brands  strive  to  create  the  highest  quality  luxury  products  with  longevity  and  sustainability  in

mind. We endeavor to operate responsibly in order to lower our impact on the planet.

- Our Community -  We  believe  we  have  a  responsibility  to  those  who  work  with  us.  Our  Company  strives  to create  inclusive  workplaces  where  all  of  our  employees  are  empowered  and  respected.  We  are  committed  to creating meaningful opportunities for our diverse Capri community to grow.
- Our Philanthropy -  Giving  back  is  embedded in Capri's culture. We are dedicated to supporting and driving positive change in the communities where we live and work.

Within  each  of  our  three  foundational  pillars  are  key  CSR  focus  areas  that  guide  our  work  in  support  of  the  United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).

Our  sustainability  governance  model  includes  a  multi-level  structure  to  ensure  our  Board  of  Directors,  executive management team and business leaders across our brands are aligned on the most important ESG risks and opportunities for Capri. The Board has delegated oversight of ESG activities to the Governance, Nominating and CSR Committee. On at least an annual basis, our sustainability goals and action plans are presented to the Governance, Nominating and CSR Committee for review and approval, along with CSR progress updates which are presented quarterly.

Additional  information  can  be  found  at  www.capriholdings.com/responsibility.  The  content  on  this  website  and  the content in our CSR reports are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC.

## Available Information

Our  investor  website  can  be  accessed  at  www.capriholdings.com.  The  content  of  our  website  is  not  incorporated  by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available free of charge on our website under the caption 'Financials' and then 'SEC Filings'  promptly  after  we  electronically  file  such  materials  with,  or  furnish  such  materials  to,  the  SEC.  No  information contained on our website is intended to be included as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Information relating to corporate governance at our Company, including our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Code of  Business  Conduct  and  Ethics  for  all  directors,  officers,  and  employees,  and  information  concerning  our  directors, Committees of the Board, including Committee charters, and transactions in Company securities by directors and executive officers, is available at our website under the captions 'Governance' and 'Financials' and then 'SEC Filings.' Paper copies of these filings and corporate governance documents are available to shareholders free of charge by written request to Investor Relations, Capri Holdings Limited, 33 Kingsway, London, United Kingdom, WC2B 6UF. Documents filed with the SEC are also available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov.

## Item 1A. Risk Factors

You should carefully read this entire report, including, without limitation, the following risk factors and the section of this  annual  report  entitled  'Note  Regarding  Forward-Looking  Statements.'  Any  of  the  following  factors  could  materially adversely  affect  our  business,  results  of  operations  and  financial  condition.  Additional  risks  and  uncertainties  not  currently known to us or that we currently view as immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Risks are listed in the categories where they primarily apply, but other categories may also apply.

## Risks Related to Macroeconomic Conditions

## The COVID-19 pandemic may continue to have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

The  ongoing  COVID-19  pandemic  has  caused  significant  disruption  to  the  global  economy,  consumer  spending  and behavior, tourism and to financial markets. While the overall COVID-19 situation appears to be improving, our business and operating results may be negatively impacted if the virus worsens or mutates, if vaccination efforts are unsuccessful and/or if regions or countries take further actions to contain the virus (including additional extended lock-downs and travel restrictions), among others. We continue to monitor the latest developments regarding the pandemic and have made certain assumptions about the pandemic for purposes of our business and operating results, including assumptions regarding the duration, severity and global macroeconomic impacts of the pandemic; however, the full extent of the impact of COVID-19 on our business and operating results will depend largely on future events outside of our control, including the duration and severity of the pandemic and the success of vaccination efforts, new information concerning the virus or variants of the virus, actions different states, regions or countries may take to contain the virus (including extended lock-downs and travel restrictions) and the economic impacts of the pandemic, including recent inflationary pressures, among others.

As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, and in response to government orders and proactive decisions we have made to protect  the  health  and  safety  of  our  employees,  consumers  and  communities,  at  various  points  during  the  course  of  the pandemic, we temporarily closed almost all of our retail stores globally and furloughed all of our retail store employees in North  America  and  many  of  our  retail  personnel  elsewhere  for  an  extended  period  of  time.  While  most  of  our  stores  have reopened, we may face new, longer term store closure requirements and other operational restrictions with respect to some or all of our retail stores in the future. In addition, government restrictions and health and safety measures (including social distancing protocols)  may  prevent  us  from  opening  or  limit  our  ability  to  fully  operate  in  the  ordinary  course,  which  could  materially impact our financial results. In addition, we have experienced scattered temporary store closings due to increased levels of retail associate  absences  and/or  labor  shortages.  We  also  recently  reopened  our  corporate  offices  and  have  implemented  a  hybrid work policy  for  many  of  our  corporate  employees  and  determined  that  some  corporate  functions  may  remain  fully  remote, which may also negatively affect productivity in, or otherwise result in disruptions to, parts of our business.

As a result of the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, many of our wholesale customers have experienced, and may  continue  to  experience,  liquidity  constraints  or  other  financial  difficulties,  causing  a  reduction  in  the  amount  of merchandise purchased from us and our product licensing partners, an increase in order cancellations and/or the need to extend payment terms. Any or all of these measures could substantially reduce our revenue and have a material adverse effect on our profitability.  In  addition,  these  actions  could  lead  to  larger  outstanding  accounts  receivable  balances,  delays  in  collection  of accounts receivable, increased expenses associated with collection efforts, increases in credit losses and reduced cash flows.

Furthermore,  the  pandemic  has  impacted  and  continues  to  impact  our  supply  chain  partners,  including  factories  that produce our product, the distribution centers that manage and ship our inventory, logistics providers and other service providers as well as the supply chains of our licensees. The current vessel container and other transportation shortages, labor shortages and port congestion globally, as well as disruptions in factory production in certain countries where we source our products has delayed, and is expected to continue to delay, inventory orders and impact product availability in our retail stores and through our e-commerce businesses as well as to our wholesale customers. As a result of these supply chain disruptions, our inventory levels and net revenue have been impacted and could continue to be impacted in future periods. We have also incurred, and expect to continue to incur, higher freight and other logistics costs, including increased carrier rates for ocean and air shipments, and the supply chain disruptions have caused us to increase our use of air freight with greater frequency than in the past. We are also experiencing negative impacts to the pricing of certain components of our products as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. These higher costs have caused us to increase prices and we may need to increase prices further in the future. There can be no assurance that consumers will accept these price increases or that the price increases will be sufficient to offset our higher costs.

In addition, traffic to our retail stores (and department stores and other third-party retailers that sell our products) may be adversely  affected  by  the  ongoing  COVID-19  pandemic.  General  macroeconomic  conditions  resulting  from  the  COVID-19 pandemic, including impacts of a recession or inflationary pressures may negatively impact sales in our physical retail stores, through  our  e-commerce  business  and  to  third-party  wholesale  accounts.  Any  significant  disruption  in  consumer  traffic, consumer  behavior  and/or  consumer  spending  at  our  retail  stores,  on  our  e-commerce  sites  and/or  at  third-party  wholesale accounts following the pandemic would result in a decrease in sales and profits and otherwise materially impact our business and financial performance.

Any or all of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business results and operations.

## The  accessories,  footwear  and  apparel  industries  are  heavily  influenced  by  general  macroeconomic  cycles  that  affect consumer spending and a prolonged period of depressed consumer spending could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Our  business  is  affected  by  global  economic  conditions  and  the  related  impact  on  levels  of  consumer  spending worldwide.  Factors  that  may  negatively  influence  consumer  spending  include,  but  are  not  limited  to,  high  levels  of unemployment, pandemics (such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic), extreme weather conditions and natural disasters, high consumer debt levels, inflationary pressures, war and global geopolitical instability (including the current war in Ukraine and related economic and other sanctions levied by the United States, European Union and others), reductions in net worth based on market declines and uncertainty, home prices, fluctuating interest and foreign currency rates and credit availability, higher fuel and  energy  costs,  fluctuating  commodity  prices,  taxation,  political  conditions  and  general  uncertainty  regarding  the  overall future economic environment. Purchases of discretionary luxury items, such as the accessories, footwear and apparel that we produce,  tend  to  decline  when  disposable  income  is  lower  or  when  there  are  recessions,  inflationary  pressures  or  other economic uncertainty. Reduced consumer confidence and adversely impacted consumer spending patterns due to deteriorating economic conditions or geopolitical instability in any of the regions in which we operate could reduce consumer confidence, negatively impact consumer spending patterns and adversely affect our sales and results of operations.

## Risks Related to Our Business

## We face risks associated with operating globally and our strategy to continue to expand internationally.

We operate on a global basis, with approximately 47% of our total revenue from operations outside of the United States during Fiscal 2022. As a result, we are subject to the risks of doing business internationally, including:

- political or civil unrest, including protests and other civil disruption;
- unforeseen  public  health  crises,  such  as  pandemic  and  epidemic  diseases,  including  the  ongoing  COVID-19 pandemic and any variants thereof;
- economic instability and unsettled regional and global conflicts (such as the current war in Ukraine), which may negatively  affect  consumer  spending  by  foreign  tourists  and  local  consumers  in  the  various  regions  where  we operate;
- laws, regulations and policies of foreign governments (including sanctions and retaliatory actions by the United States, European Union and others);
- potential negative consequences from changes in taxation policies;
- natural disasters or other extreme weather events, including those attributed to climate change; and
- acts of terrorism, military actions or other conditions over which we have no control.

In addition, our current business strategies include pursuing selective international expansion in a number of countries around the  world  and  through  a  number  of  channels.  If  our  international  expansion  plans  are  unsuccessful,  it  could  have  a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. There are also some countries where we do  not  yet  have  significant  operating  experience,  and  in  most  of  these  countries  we  face  established  competitors  with significantly more operating experience in those locations.

We also sell  our  products  at  varying  retail  price  points  based  on  geographic  location  that  yield  different  gross  profit margins  and  we  achieve  different  operating  profit  margins,  depending  on  geographic  region,  due  to  a  variety  of  factors including product mix, store size, occupancy costs, labor costs and retail pricing. Changes in any one or more of these factors could  result  in  lower  revenues,  increased  costs,  and  negatively  impact  our  business,  results  of  operations  and  financial condition. Furthermore, consumer demand and behavior, as well as tastes and purchasing trends may differ in these countries

and, as a result, sales of our product may not be successful, or the gross margins on those sales may not be in line with those we currently anticipate.

There can be no assurance that any or all of these events will not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

## Our business is subject to risks inherent in global sourcing activities, including disruptions or delays in manufacturing or shipments.

As a company engaged in sourcing on a global scale, we are subject to the risks inherent in such activities, including, but not limited to:

- disease pandemics, epidemics and health-related concerns, including related to COVID-19 or variants thereof;
- political or labor instability, labor shortages (stemming from labor disputes or otherwise), or increases in costs of labor or production in countries where manufacturing contractors and suppliers are located;
- labor disputes or strikes at the location of the source of our goods and/or at ports of entry;
- disruptions, delays or reductions in shipments, including port delays and congestion, and/or capacity constraints on transportation of goods or at our factories due to COVID-19 or otherwise;
- significant increase in freight, shipping and other logistics costs, including as a result of disruptions at ports of entry;
- political or military conflict (such as the current war in Ukraine);
- heightened terrorism security concerns;
- a significant decrease in availability or an increase in the cost of raw materials or other limitations on our ability to use raw materials or goods produced in a country that is a major provider due to political, human rights, labor, environmental or other concerns;
- the migration and development of manufacturing contractors;
- product quality issues;
- imposition of regulations, quotas and safeguards relating to imports and our ability to adjust in a timely manner to changes in trade regulations;
- increases in the costs of fuel (including volatility in the price of oil), travel and transportation (including vessel and freight);
- imposition of duties, taxes and other charges on imports;
- significant fluctuation of the value of the United States dollar against foreign currencies;
- restrictions on transfers of funds out of countries where our foreign licensees are located;
- compliance  by  our  independent  manufacturers  and  suppliers  with  our  Supplier  Code  of  Conduct  and  other applicable compliance policies;
- compliance with United States laws regarding the identification and reporting on the use of 'conflict minerals' sourced from the Democratic Republic of the Congo in the Company's products and the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, U.K. Bribery Act and other global anti-corruption laws, as applicable; and
- regulation or prohibition of the transaction of business with specific individuals or entities and their affiliates or goods manufactured in certain regions, such as the listing of a person or entity as a SDN (Specially Designated Nationals  and  Blocked  Persons)  by  the  United  States  Department  of  the  Treasury's  Office  of  Foreign  Assets Control and the issuance of withhold release orders by CBP.

Any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our ability to produce or deliver our products and, as a result, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our retail stores are heavily dependent on the ability and desire of consumers to travel and shop and a decline in consumer traffic could have a negative effect on our comparable store sales and store profitability resulting in impairment charges, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Reduced  travel  resulting  from  economic  conditions,  fuel  shortages,  increased  fuel  prices,  travel  restrictions,  travel concerns and other circumstances, including adverse weather conditions, disease pandemics (including COVID-19), epidemics and other health-related concerns, war, terrorist attacks or the perceived threat of war or terrorist attacks, or unsettled regional

and global conflicts (such as the current war in Ukraine) could have a material adverse effect on us, particularly if such events impact our customers' desire to travel to our retail stores.

In  addition,  other  factors  that  could  impact  the  success  of  our  retail  stores  include:  (i)  the  location  of  the  mall  or  the location of a particular store within the mall; (ii) the other tenants occupying space at the mall; (iii) vacancies within the mall; (iv) stores and malls having to re-close due to personnel or customer illness or further government restrictions; (v) increased competition in areas where the malls are located; (vi) the amount of advertising and promotional dollars spent on attracting consumers to the malls; and (vii) a shift toward online shopping. A decline in consumer traffic could have a negative effect on our comparable store sales and/or average sales per square foot and store profitability. If our retail stores underperform due to declining consumer traffic or otherwise and our expected future cash flows of the related underlying retail store asset do not exceed such asset's carrying value, we may incur store impairment charges. A decline in future comparable store sales and/or store profitability or failure to meet market expectations or the occurrence of impairment charges relating to our retail store fleet could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

## Recent  changes  in  our  executive  management  team,  the  departure  of  key  employees  or  our  failure  to  attract  and  retain qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business.

As  we  announced  on  March  7,  2022,  Mr.  Joshua  Schulman,  Chief  Executive  Officer  of  Michael  Kors  and  expected successor  Chief  Executive  Officer  to  Mr.  John  Idol  at  Capri  Holdings,  left  the  Company  and  Mr.  Idol  agreed  to  remain  as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. We depend on the services and management experience of executive officers who have substantial experience and expertise in our business as well as key employees involved in our design and marketing operations, including  our  creative  officers  for  each  of  our  brands,  Ms.  Donatella  Versace,  Ms.  Sandra  Choi  and  Mr.  Michael  Kors. Although we have entered into employment agreements with our executive officers and other key employees, we may not be able to retain the services of such individuals in the future, which may be disruptive to, or cause uncertainty in, our business and future strategic direction, particularly if we fail to ensure a smooth transition and effective transfer of knowledge. Any such disruption or uncertainty could generate a negative public perception and/or have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and the market price of our ordinary shares.

Competition for qualified personnel in the fashion industry is intense and turnover in the industry for retail associates is generally high and has only been exacerbated by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Competitors may use aggressive tactics to recruit  our  employees.  Our  ability  to  attract,  develop,  motivate  and  retain  employees  is  influenced  by  our  ability  to  offer competitive compensation and benefits, employee morale, our reputation, recruitment by other employers, perceived internal opportunities,  non-competition  and  non-solicitation  agreements  and  macro  unemployment  rates.  Additionally,  our  ability  to meet our labor needs while also controlling costs is subject to external factors such as unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates,  minimum wage legislation and overtime regulations. If we are unable to attract, develop, motivate and retain talented employees with the necessary skills and experience, or if changes to our organizational structure, operating results, or business model, including as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, adversely affect morale, hiring and/or retention, we may not achieve our objectives and our results of operations could be adversely impacted.

## The long-term growth of our business depends on the successful execution of our strategic initiatives.

As part of our long-term strategy, we intend to grow our market share and revenue through the following initiatives:

- trendsetting and innovative product offerings;
- increased brand engagement;
- optimizing customer experience;
- investing in technology; and
- expanding our global presence.

We  also  intend  to  support  the  growth  of  Versace  and  Jimmy  Choo  sales  through  retail  store  openings  and  further developing each brand's e-commerce and omni-channel presence, as well as expanding into the luxury accessories market. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to successfully execute on these strategic initiatives.

If we are unable to execute on our strategic initiatives, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.

## If we are unable to effectively execute our e-commerce business and provide a reliable digital experience for our customers, our reputation and operating results may be harmed.

E-commerce is approximately 17% of our net revenues and has been our fastest growing business over the last several years, particularly in light of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. The success of our e-commerce business depends, in part, on third  parties  and  factors  over  which  we  have  limited  control,  including  changing  consumer  preferences  and  buying  trends relating to e-commerce usage, both domestically and abroad, and promotional or other advertising initiatives employed by our wholesale customers or other third parties on their e-commerce sites. Any failure on our part, or on the part of our third-party digital partners, to provide attractive, reliable, secure, efficient and user-friendly e-commerce platforms could negatively impact our consumers' shopping experience, resulting in reduced website traffic, reduced conversion, diminished loyalty to our brands and lost sales. In addition, if due to COVID-19, or otherwise, there is a change in consumer behavior such that customers shift to utilizing e-commerce more than, or even instead, of traditional brick-and-mortar stores, and we or our wholesale partners are unable  to  attract  consumers  who  previously  made  in-store  purchases  to  our  digital  commerce  channels,  our  financial  and operating results may be negatively affected.

The  success  of  our  business  also  depends  on  our  ability  to  continue  to  develop  and  maintain  a  reliable  digital experience for our customers. We strive to give our customers a seamless omni-channel experience both in stores and through digital technologies, such as computers, mobile phones, tablets and other devices. We also use social media to interact with our customers  and  enhance  their  shopping  experience.  Our  inability  to  develop  and  continuously  improve  our  digital  brand engagement  could  negatively  affect  our  ability  to  compete  with  other  brands,  which  could  adversely  impact  our  business, results of operations and financial condition.

In  addition,  we  must  keep  current  with  competitive  technology  trends,  including  the  use  of  new  or  improved technology  and  services,  creative  user  interfaces  and  other  e-commerce  marketing  tools  such  as  paid  search  and  mobile applications, among others. Since e-commerce growth is critical to our overall growth strategy, we plan to accelerate Versace's and Jimmy Choo's e-commerce and omni-channel development and we are also in the process of re-platforming our brands' ecommerce sites to expand our global capabilities.  Implementing new or improved digital systems, services or technologies, such as new or improved e-commerce platforms, may increase our costs, cause delays in or hinder our ability to continually deliver a reliable or seamless digital experience for our customers, or cause us not to succeed in increasing sales or attracting consumers. For example, it is possible that consumers may not sign up for our loyalty program at anticipated rates if they do not find the features and benefits compelling or if they are unable to seamlessly navigate the digital experience we offer, which, in turn, may cause us not to realize the benefits that we anticipate from these programs. Our failure to successfully respond to these risks and uncertainties might adversely affect the sales in our e-commerce business, as well as damage our reputation and brands.

Additionally, the success of our e-commerce business and the satisfaction of our consumers depend on their timely receipt  of  our  products.  The  efficient  flow  of  our  products  requires  that  our  company-operated  and  third-party  operated distribution facilities have adequate capacity to support the current level of e-commerce operations as well as any anticipated increased  levels  that  may  follow  from  the  growth  of  our  e-commerce  business.  The  current  vessel  container  and  other transportation shortages, labor shortages and port congestion globally, as well as disruptions in factory production in certain countries where we source our products has delayed, and is expected to continue to delay, inventory orders and impact product availability in our channels, including our e-commerce sites, and have resulted in increased freight and logistics costs. As a result  of  these  supply  chain  challenges,  our  inventory  levels  and  net  revenue  have  been  impacted  and  could  continue  to  be impacted in future periods. Continued shortages of inventory, disruptions or delays, significantly higher costs and longer lead times for distributing our products to our consumers could result in customer dissatisfaction, and any of these issues could have an adverse effect on our business and harm our reputation.

## We may not be able to respond to changing fashion and retail trends in a timely manner, which could have a material adverse effect on our brands, business, results of operations and financial condition.

The accessories, footwear and apparel industries have historically been subject to rapidly changing fashion trends and consumer preferences. We believe that our success is largely dependent on the images of our brands and ability to anticipate and respond promptly to changing consumer demands and fashion trends in the design, styling, production, merchandising and pricing of products. Any misstep in product quality or design, executive leadership, customer services, unfavorable publicity or excessive product discounting could negatively affect the image or our brands with our customers. If we do not correctly gauge consumer needs and fashion trends and respond appropriately, consumers may not purchase our products and our brand names and  the  images  of  our  brands  may  be  impaired.  Even  if  we  react  appropriately  to  changes  in  fashion  trends  and  consumer preferences, consumers may consider our brands to be outdated or associate our brands with styles that are no longer popular or trend-setting. We have also recently begun to increase the price of our products. There can be no guarantee that consumers will

accept these price increases. Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our brands, business, results of operations and financial condition.

## Increased scrutiny from investors and others regarding our corporate social responsibility initiatives, including environmental, social and other matters of significance relating to sustainability, could result in additional costs or risks and adversely impact our reputation.

Investor advocacy groups, certain institutional investors, investment funds, other market participants, shareholders and customers have increasingly focused on ESG or 'sustainability' practices of companies. These parties have placed increased importance  on  the  implications  of  the  social  cost  of  their  investments.  If  our  ESG  practices  do  not  meet  investor  or  other industry stakeholder expectations and standards, which continue to evolve, our brand, reputation and customer and employee retention may be negatively impacted. Any sustainability report that we publish or other sustainability disclosure we make may include our policies and practices on a variety of social and ethical matters, including corporate governance, environmental compliance, employee health and safety practices, human capital management, product quality, supply chain management and workforce inclusion and diversity. It is possible that stakeholders may not be satisfied with our ESG practices or the speed of adoption. We could also incur additional costs and require additional resources to monitor, report and comply with various ESG practices and various legal, legislative and regulatory requirements. Also, our failure, or perceived failure, to meet the standards included in any sustainability disclosure could negatively impact our reputation, employee retention and the willingness of our customers and suppliers to do business with us.

## Our wholesale business could suffer as a result of consolidations, liquidations, restructurings and other ownership changes.

As a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, many of our wholesale customers have experienced, and may continue to experience, liquidity constraints or other financial difficulties, causing a reduction in the amount of merchandise purchased from us and our product licensing partners, an increase in order cancellations and/or the need to extend payment terms. Any or all of these measures could substantially reduce our revenue and have a material adverse effect on our profitability. In addition, these  actions  could  lead  to  larger  outstanding  accounts  receivable  balances,  delays  in  collection  of  accounts  receivable, increased expenses associated with collection efforts, increase in excess inventory, increases in credit losses and reduced cash flows.

The retail industry has experienced a great deal of consolidation and other ownership changes over the past several years and a number of wholesale accounts were forced to file bankruptcy or undergo restructurings due to the impact of COVID-19 on their business. We expect that the risk of consolidation, bankruptcy, restructurings or reorganizations by department stores and  other  retailers  will  continue  to  exist  for  the  foreseeable  future.  This  could  result  in  store  closings  by  our  wholesale customers,  which  would  decrease  the  number  of  stores  carrying  our  products,  while  the  remaining  stores  may  purchase  a smaller  amount  of  our  products  and/or  may  reduce  the  retail  floor  space  designated  for  our  brands.  In  addition,  such consolidation, bankruptcy or other changes with respect to our wholesale customers could decrease our opportunities in the market, increase our reliance on a smaller number of large wholesale customers and decrease our negotiating strength with our wholesale customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Additionally, certain of our wholesale customers, particularly those located in the United States, have become highly promotional  and  have  aggressively  marked  down  their  merchandise.  We  expect  that  such  markdowns  may  continue  to  be exacerbated because of the impact of COVID-19. Such promotional activity could negatively impact our business.

## Acquisitions may not achieve intended benefits and may not be successfully integrated.

Our acquisitions of Versace and Jimmy Choo or any other entity that we may acquire may not perform as well as initially expected, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we are required to test goodwill, brand and any other intangible assets acquired as a result of acquisitions for impairment. For Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, the carrying value of goodwill and brand intangible value for Jimmy Choo exceeded its respective related fair value, requiring us to record impairment charges for the difference of $163 million and $351 million, respectively.

In  addition,  we  may  not  be  able  to  successfully  integrate  acquired  businesses  into  our  own  business,  or  achieve  any expected cost savings or synergies from such integration or we may determine to limit the integration of our brands. In addition to the overarching and continued challenges resulting from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the potential difficulties that we may face that could cause the results of our acquisitions to not be in line with our expectations include, among others:

- failure to implement our business plan for the combined business or to achieve anticipated revenue or profitability targets;

- delays or difficulties in completing the integration of acquired companies or assets;
- higher  than  expected  costs,  lower  than  expected  cost  savings  and/or  a  need  to  allocate  resources  to  manage unexpected operating difficulties;
- unanticipated issues in integrating logistics, information and other systems;
- unanticipated changes in applicable laws and regulations;
- retaining key customers, suppliers and employees;
- operating risks inherent in the acquired business and our business;
- diversion of the attention and resources of management and resource constraints;
- retaining and obtaining required regulatory approvals, licenses and permits;
- unanticipated changes in the combined business due to potential divestitures or other requirements imposed by antitrust regulators;
- assumption of liabilities not identified in due diligence or other unanticipated issues, expenses and liabilities; and
- the impact on our internal controls and compliance with the requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

Additionally, Jimmy Choo outsources its information technology, accounting and other back office activities to a thirdparty  service  provider.  There  are  risks  of  relying  on  a  third-party  provider  to  perform  these  services,  which  may  include experiencing operational challenges and incurring increased expenses, which may result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

## The markets in which we operate are highly competitive, both within North America and internationally, and increased competition based on a number of factors could cause our profitability and/or gross margins to decline.

Our brands  face  intense  competition  from  other  accessories,  footwear  and  apparel  producers  and  retailers,  including, primarily European and American international luxury brands. In addition, we face competition through third party distribution channels  that  sell  our  merchandise,  such  as  e-commerce,  department  stores  and  specialty  stores.  Competition  is  based  on  a number of factors, including, without limitation, the following:

- anticipating and responding to changing consumer demands in a timely manner;
- establishing and maintaining favorable brand name recognition;
- determining and maintaining product quality;
- retaining key employees;
- maintaining and growing market share;
- developing quality and differentiated products that appeal to consumers;
- establishing and maintaining acceptable relationships with retail customers;
- pricing products appropriately;
- providing appropriate service and support to retailers;
- optimizing retail and supply chain capabilities;
- determining size and location of retail and department store selling space; and
- protecting intellectual property.

In addition, some of our competitors may be significantly larger and more diversified than us and may have significantly greater  financial,  technological,  manufacturing,  sales,  marketing  and  distribution  resources  than  we  do.  Their  capabilities  in these  areas  may  enable  them  to  better  withstand  periodic  downturns  in  the  accessories,  footwear  and  apparel  industries (including those related to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and/or recent inflationary pressures), compete more effectively on the basis of price and production and more quickly develop new products. The general availability of manufacturing contractors and agents also allows new entrants easy access to the markets in which we compete, which may increase the number of our competitors  and  adversely  affect  our  competitive  position  and  our  business.  Any  increased  competition,  or  our  failure  to adequately  address  any  of  these  competitive  factors,  could  result  in  reduced  revenues,  which  could  adversely  affect  our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Competition,  along  with  other  factors  such  as  consolidation,  changes  in  consumer  spending  patterns  and  a  highly promotional retail selling environment, could also result in significant pricing pressure. These factors may cause us to reduce our sales prices to our wholesale customers and retail consumers, which could cause our gross margins to decline if we are unable to appropriately manage inventory levels and/or otherwise offset price reductions with comparable reductions in our

operating  costs.  If  our  sales  prices  decline  and  we  fail  to  sufficiently  reduce  our  product  costs  or  operating  expenses,  our profitability  may  decline,  which  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our  business,  results  of  operations  and  financial condition.

## Our business is subject to risks associated with importing products, and the imposition of additional duties, tariffs or trade restrictions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

There are risks inherent to importing our products. Virtually all of our imported products are subject to duties which may impact the cost of such products. In addition, countries to which we ship our products may impose safeguard quotas to limit the quantity of products that may be imported. We rely on free trade agreements and other supply chain initiatives in order to  maximize efficiencies relating to product importation. For example, we have historically received benefits from duty-free imports on certain products from certain countries pursuant to the United States Generalized System of Preferences ('GSP') program. The GSP program expired on December 31, 2020. If the GSP program is not renewed or otherwise made retroactive, we  will  continue  to  experience  significant  additional  duties  and  our  gross  margin  will  continue  to  be  negatively  impacted. Additionally,  we  are  subject  to  government  regulations  relating  to  importation  activities,  including  related  to  CBP  withhold release orders. The imposition of taxes, duties and quotas, the withdrawal from or material modification to trade agreements, and/or if CBP detains shipments of our goods pursuant to a withhold release order could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. If additional tariffs or trade restrictions are implemented by the United States or other countries, the cost of our products could increase which could adversely affect our business.

## We are  subject  to  risks  associated  with  leasing  retail  space  subject  to  long-term  and  non-cancelable  leases.  We  may  be unable to renew leases at the end of their terms. If we close a leased retail space, we remain obligated under the applicable lease.

We do not own any of our retail store facilities, but instead lease all of our stores under operating leases. Our leases generally have terms of up to 10 years, generally require a fixed annual base rent and some require the payment of additional percentage rent if store sales exceed a negotiated amount. Certain of our European stores also require initial investments in the form of key money to secure prime locations, which may be paid to landlords or existing lessees. Generally, our leases are 'net' leases, which require us to pay all of the costs of insurance, taxes, maintenance and utilities. We generally cannot cancel these leases or withhold payments at our option, and payments under these operating leases account for a significant portion of our operating costs. For example, as of April 2, 2022, we were party to operating leases associated with our retail stores that we operate directly  throughout  the  globe,  as  well  as  other  global  corporate  facilities,  requiring  future  minimum  lease  payments aggregating to $1.6 billion through Fiscal 2027 and approximately $426 million thereafter through Fiscal 2044. Our substantial operating lease obligations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

In certain cases, as we have done in the past, we may determine that it is no longer economical to operate a retail store subject  to  a  lease  or  we  may  seek  to  generally  downsize,  consolidate,  reposition,  relocate  or  close  some  of  our  real  estate locations. In such cases, we may be required to negotiate a lease exit with the applicable landlord or remain obligated under the applicable lease for, among other things, payment of the base rent for the balance of the lease term. For example, in connection with the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and our Retail Fleet Optimization Plan, we have negotiated with some landlords on certain lease terminations. In some instances, we may be unable to close an underperforming retail store due to continuous operation clauses in our lease agreements. In addition, as each of our leases expire, we may be unable to negotiate renewals, either on commercially acceptable terms or at all, which could cause us to close retail stores in desirable locations. Our inability to secure desirable retail space or favorable lease terms could impact our ability to grow. Likewise, our obligation to  continue  making lease payments in respect of leases for closed retail spaces could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Additionally, due to the volatile economic environment, it may be difficult to determine the fair market value of real estate properties when we are deciding whether to enter into leases or renew expiring leases. This may impact our ability to manage the profitability of our store locations, or cause impairments of our lease right-of-use assets if market values decline, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.

## We are dependent on a limited  number  of  distribution  facilities.  If  one  or  more  of  our  distribution  facilities  experience operational difficulties or becomes inoperable, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

We operate  a  limited  number  of  distribution  facilities.  Our  ability  to  meet  the  needs  of  our  own  retail  stores  and  ecommerce sites, as well as our wholesale customers, depends on the proper and uninterrupted operation of these distribution facilities. If any of these distribution facilities were to shut down or otherwise become inoperable or inaccessible for any reason

(including  due  to  the  ongoing  COVID-19  pandemic),  we  could  suffer  a  substantial  loss  of  inventory  and/or  disruptions  of deliveries  to  our  customers.  In  addition,  we  could  incur  significantly  higher  costs  and  longer  lead  times  associated  with  the distribution  of  our  products  during  the  time  it  takes  to  reopen  or  replace  the  damaged,  inoperable  or  otherwise  inaccessible facility. Any of the foregoing factors could result in decreased sales and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

To  support  the  growth  of  our  business,  we  also  use  third-party  logistics  centers  that  are  responsible  for  distribution, warehousing and fulfillment  services  on  our  behalf.  Significant  disruptions  at  these  facilities  could  have  a  material  adverse impact  on  our  business.  Because  our  direct  and  third-party  fulfillment  centers  include  automated  and  computer-controlled equipment, they are susceptible to risks including power interruptions, hardware and system failures, software viruses, security breaches and other technological and operational disruptions and of which could cause shipping delays or otherwise adversely affect our business.

## Fluctuations in our tax obligations and changes in tax laws, treaties and regulations may have a material adverse impact on our future effective tax rates and results of operations.

Our subsidiaries are subject to taxation in the United States and various foreign jurisdictions, with the applicable tax rates varying by jurisdiction. As a result, our overall effective tax rate is affected by the proportion of earnings from the various tax jurisdictions. We record tax expense based on our estimates of taxable income and required reserves for uncertain tax positions in  multiple  tax  jurisdictions.  At  any  time,  there  are  multiple  tax  years  that  are  subject  to  examinations  by  various  taxing authorities. The ultimate resolution of these audits and negotiations with taxing authorities may result in a settlement amount that differs from our original estimate. Any proposed or future changes in tax laws, treaties and regulations or interpretations where we operate could have a material adverse effect on our effective tax rates, results of operations and financial condition.

We and our subsidiaries are also engaged in a number of intercompany transactions. Although we believe that these transactions  reflect  arm's-length  terms  and  that  proper  transfer  pricing  documentation  is  in  place,  the  transfer  prices  and conditions may be scrutinized by local tax authorities, which could result in additional tax liabilities.

On  October  5,  2015,  the  Organization  for  Economic  Co-operation  and  Development  ('OECD'),  an  international association of thirty four countries, including the United States and United Kingdom., released the final reports from its Base Erosion  and  Profit  Shifting  ('BEPS')  Action  Plans.  The  BEPS  recommendations  covered  a  number  of  issues,  including country-by-country reporting, permanent establishment rules, transfer pricing rules and tax treaties. Future tax reform resulting from this development may result in changes to long-standing tax principles, which could adversely affect our effective tax rate and/or  result  in  higher  cash  tax  liabilities.  In  late  2021,  the  OECD  published  model  legislation  and  the  EU  issued  a  draft directive related to the global minimum tax ('Pillar Two Model Rules'). The directive is to be considered by member countries in calendar 2022 and if approved, could become effective as early as calendar 2023. The enactment of the Pillar Two Model Rules in jurisdictions where we have operations may have a material impact on our global transfer pricing arrangements and a materially adverse impact on our tax provision, cash tax liability and effective tax rate.

## Our business is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.

Our  results  of  operations  for  our  international  subsidiaries  are  exposed  to  foreign  exchange  rate  fluctuations  as  the financial results of the applicable subsidiaries are translated from the local currency into United States dollar during financial statement  consolidation.  If  the  United  States  dollar  strengthens  against  foreign  currencies,  the  translation  of  these  foreign currency  denominated  transactions  could  impact  our  consolidated  results  of  operations.  In  addition,  we  have  intercompany notes  amongst  certain  of  our  non-United  States  subsidiaries,  which  may  be  denominated  in  a  currency  other  than  the  local currency  of  a  particular  reporting  entity.  As  a  result  of  using  a  currency  other  than  the  functional  currency  of  the  related subsidiary, results of these operations may be adversely affected during times of significant fluctuation between the functional currency of that subsidiary and the denomination currency of the note. We continuously monitor our foreign currency exposure and hedge a portion of our foreign subsidiaries' foreign currency-denominated inventory purchases to minimize the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. However, we cannot fully anticipate all of our foreign currency exposures and cannot ensure that these hedges will fully offset the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We also use fixed-tofixed  cross  currency  swap  agreements  to  hedge  our  net  investments  in  foreign  operations  against  future  volatility  in  the exchange  rates  between  the  United  States  dollar  and  these  foreign  currencies.  As  a  result,  we  are  exposed  to  the  risk  that counterparties to derivative contracts will fail to meet their contractual obligations.

As  a  result  of  operating  retail  stores  and  concessions  in  various  countries  outside  of  the  United  States,  we  are  also exposed to market risk from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily the Euro, the British Pound, the Chinese Renminbi,  the  Japanese  Yen,  the  Korean  Won  and  the  Canadian  dollar,  among  others.  A  substantial  weakening  of  foreign

currencies against the United States dollar could require us to raise our retail prices or reduce our profit margins in various locations outside of the United States. In addition, our sales and profitability could be negatively impacted if consumers in those markets were unwilling to purchase our products at increased prices.

## Our current and future licensing and joint venture arrangements may not be successful and may make us susceptible to the actions of third parties over whom we have limited control.

We have entered into a select number of product licensing agreements with companies that produce and sell, under our trademarks,  products  requiring  specialized  expertise.  We  have  also  entered  into  a  number  of  select  licensing  agreements pursuant to which we have granted third parties certain rights to distribute and sell our products in certain geographical areas and have a number of joint ventures. In the future, we may enter into additional licensing and/or joint venture arrangements. Although we take steps to carefully select our partners, such arrangements may not be successful. Our partners may fail to fulfill their obligations under these agreements or have interests that differ from or conflict with our own, such as the timing of new store openings, the pricing of our products and the offering of competitive products. In addition, the risks applicable to the business of our partners may be different than the risks applicable to our business, including risks associated with each such partner's ability to:

- obtain capital;
- exercise operational and financial control over its business;
- manage its labor relations;
- maintain relationships with suppliers;
- manage its credit and bankruptcy risks which may be exacerbated by the impact of COVID-19; and
- maintain customer relationships.

In addition, the geographic areas subject to our licensing agreements could be impacted by geopolitical risks. Any of the foregoing risks, or the inability of any of our partners to successfully market our products or otherwise conduct its business, may result in loss of revenue and competitive harm to our operations in regions or product categories where we have entered into such licensing arrangements.

We rely on our partners to preserve the value of our brands. Although we attempt to protect our brands through, among other  things,  approval  rights  over  store  location  and  design,  product  design,  production  quality,  packaging,  merchandising, distribution, advertising and promotion of our stores and products, we may not be able to control the use by our partners of our brand. The misuse of our brand by a licensing or joint venture partner could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

## Increases in the cost of raw materials could increase our production costs and cause our operating results and financial condition to suffer.

Our business is subject to volatility of costs related to certain raw materials used in the manufacturing of our products, including inflationary pressure. The costs of raw materials used in our products are affected by, among other things, weather, consumer demand, speculation on the commodities market, the relative valuations and fluctuations of the currencies of producer versus  consumer  countries  and  other  factors  that  are  generally  unpredictable  and  beyond  our  control.  We  are  not  always successful in our efforts to protect our business from the volatility of the market price of raw materials and our business can be materially  affected  by  dramatic  movements in  prices  of  raw  materials  which  have  resulted,  and  are  expected  to  continue  to result, in increased pricing pressures and pressure on our margins. We may not be able to implement price increases that fully mitigate the impact of these higher costs and/or any such price increases could have an adverse impact on consumer demand for our  products.  In  addition,  our  costs  may  be  impacted  by  sanction  tariffs  and  customs  trade  orders  which  could  also  impact sourcing and availability of raw materials used by our suppliers in the manufacturing of certain of our products. Manufacturing labor costs are also subject to volatility based on local and global economic conditions. Increases in commodity prices, tariffs, sanctions, customs trade orders and/or manufacturing labor costs could increase our production costs and negatively impact our revenues, results of operations and financial condition.

## We primarily use foreign manufacturing contractors and independent third-party agents to source our finished goods.

Our products are primarily produced by, and purchased or procured from, independent manufacturing contractors located mainly  in  Asia  and  Europe.  A  manufacturing  contractor's  failure  to  ship  products  to  us  in  a  timely  manner  or  to  meet  the required quality standards could cause us to miss the delivery date requirements of our customers for those items. The failure to

make timely deliveries may cause customers to cancel orders, refuse to accept deliveries or demand reduced prices, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us.

We  do  not  have  written  agreements  with  any  of  our  third-party  manufacturing  contractors.  As  a  result,  any  single manufacturing contractor could unilaterally terminate its relationship with us at any time. For example, in Fiscal 2022, Michael Kors' largest manufacturing contractor, who produces its products in Asia and who Michael Kors has worked with for over ten years, accounted for the production of 17% of our finished products, based on dollar volume. Our inability to promptly replace manufacturing contractors that terminate their relationships with us or cease to provide high quality products in a timely and cost-efficient manner could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition and impact the cost and availability of our goods.

Michael Kors uses third-party agents to source finished goods with numerous manufacturing contractors on its behalf. Any single agent could unilaterally terminate its relationship with Michael Kors at any time. In Fiscal 2022, Michael Kors' largest third-party agent, whose primary place of business is Hong Kong and who Michael Kors has worked with for over ten years, sourced approximately 24% of its purchases of finished goods, based on unit volume. Our inability to promptly replace agents that terminate their relationships with us or cease to provide high quality service in a timely and cost-efficient manner could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

## As we outsource functions, we will become more dependent on the third parties performing these functions.

We look  for  opportunities  to  cost  effectively  enhance  capability  of  business  services.  While  we  believe  we  conduct appropriate due diligence before entering into agreements with these third parties, the failure of any of these third parties to provide the expected services, provide them on a timely basis or to provide them at the prices we expect could disrupt or harm our business. Any significant interruption in the operations of these service providers, over which we have no control, could also have an adverse effect on our business. Furthermore, we may be unable to provide these services or implement substitute arrangements on a timely and cost-effective basis on terms favorable to us.

## Our  business  is  susceptible  to  the  risks  associated  with  climate  change  and  other  environmental  impacts  which  could negatively affect our business and operations.

Our retail stores, distribution centers and manufacturing facilities, including those operated by third-parties, are subject to risks relating to climate change and other environmental impacts from our operations. For example, the physical effects of climate change, such as severe weather events, natural disasters and/or significant changes in climate patterns as well as our carbon  emissions  and  our  business'  overall  impact  on  the  environment  could  subject  us  to  reputational,  market  and/or regulatory risks. Climate change and other environmental concerns may cause social and economic disruptions in the places where we operate, including disruptions to our supply chain and to local infrastructure and transportation systems which could limit  material  availability  and  quality,  impact  our  ability  to  ship  and  deliver  product  and  prevent  access  to  our  physical locations. These events could also adversely affect the economy and negatively impact consumer confidence and discretionary spending. Concern over climate change may result in new or additional legal, legislative and regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of climate change on the environment which may result in increased administrative costs. There is also increased focus, including by investors, customers, and other stakeholders, on climate change and other sustainability matters. In  April  2020,  we  announced  a  global  strategy  to  achieve  significant,  measurable  goals  across  a  range  of  important environmental and social sustainability issues, including, material sourcing, reducing greenhouse gas emissions and converting to renewal energy, responsible water use and waste reduction. We may not be successful in attaining our goals, and even if we meet our commitments, there remains a significant risk that climate change and other environmental events could negatively impact our operations.

## Our industry is subject to significant pricing pressure caused by many factors which may cause our profitability and gross margins in the future to be materially lower than our expectations.

Our  industry  is  subject  to  significant  pricing  pressure  caused  by  many  factors,  including  the  impact  of  the  ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and recent inflationary pressure  on  the  economy  and  consumer  discretionary  spending,  higher  freight costs, intense competition and a highly promotional environment, fragmentation in the retail industry, pressure from retailers to reduce  the  costs  of  products,  wholesale  demands  for  allowances,  incentives  and  other  forms  of  economic  support  for  our partners, changes in consumer behavior, fashion trends, pricing, the timing of the release of new merchandise and promotional events, changes in our merchandise mix, the success of marketing programs and weather and other environmental conditions. These factors may cause our profitability and gross margins in the future to be materially lower than in recent periods and our expectations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may be faced with significant excess inventories (due to the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, supply chain disruptions or

otherwise), and in the future, if we misjudge the market for our products, we may have excess inventories for some products and missed opportunities for other products. We may be forced to rely on markdowns or promotional sales to dispose of excess and slow-moving inventory, which also may negatively impact our gross margin and profitability.

## Risks Related to Information Technology and Data Security

## Privacy breaches and other cyber security risks related to our business could negatively affect our reputation, credibility and business.

We are dependent on information  technology  ('IT')  systems  and  networks  for  a  significant  portion  of  our  direct-toconsumer sales, including our e-commerce sites and retail business credit card transaction authorization and processing. We are responsible  for  storing  data  relating  to  our  customers  and  employees  and  also  rely  on  third  party  vendors  for  the  storage, processing and transmission of personal and Company information. Consumers, lawmakers and consumer advocates alike are increasingly  concerned  over  the  security  of  personal  information  transmitted  over  the  Internet,  consumer  identity  theft  and privacy  and  the  retail  industry,  in  particular,  has  been  the  target  of  many  recent  cyber-attacks.  In  addition  to  taking  the necessary precautions ourselves, we generally require that third-party service providers implement reasonable security measures to protect our employees' and customers' identity and privacy. We do not, however, control these third-party service providers and cannot guarantee the elimination of electronic or physical computer break-ins or security breaches in the future. Cyber security breaches, including physical or electronic break-ins, security breaches due to employee error or misconduct, attacks by 'hackers,'  phishing  scams,  malicious  software  programs  such  as  viruses  and  malware,  and  other  breaches  outside  of  our control, could result in unauthorized access or damage to our IT systems and the IT systems of our third party service providers. Despite  our  efforts  and  the  efforts  of  our  third-party  service  providers  to  secure  our  and  their  IT  systems,  attacks  on  these systems do occur from time to time. As the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to IT systems become more varied and  sophisticated  (as  cybercriminals  are  finding  new  ways  to  launch  their  attacks)  and  if  the  occurrence  of  such  security breaches  becomes  more  frequent,  we  and  our  third-party  service  providers  may  be  unable  to  adequately  anticipate  these techniques  and  implement  appropriate  preventative  measures.  While  we  maintain  cyber  risk  insurance  to  provide  some coverage for certain risks associated with cyber security incidents, there is no assurance that such insurance would cover all or a significant portion of the costs or consequences associated with a cyber security incident. A significant breach of customer, employee or Company data could damage our reputation, our relationship with customers and our brands, and could result in lost sales, sizable fines, significant breach-notification and other costs and lawsuits, as well as adversely affect our results of operations. We may also incur additional costs in the future related to the implementation of additional security measures to protect  against  new  or  enhanced  data  security  and  privacy  threats,  or  to  comply  with  current  and  new  state,  federal  and international laws governing the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information which are continuously being enacted and proposed,  such  as  the  General  Data  Protection  Regulation  in  the  EU,  the  California  Consumer  Privacy  Act,  the  Virginia Consumer  Data  Protection  Act  and  the  Colorado  Privacy  Act  (CPA)  in  the  United  States  and  the  Personal  Information Protection  Law  in  China,  as  well  as  increased  cyber  security  protection  costs  such  as  organizational  changes,  deploying additional  personnel  and  protection  technologies,  training  employees,  engaging  third  party  experts  and  consultants  and  lost revenues resulting from unauthorized use of proprietary information.

## A material delay or disruption in our information technology systems or e-commerce websites or our failure or inability to upgrade our information technology systems precisely and efficiently could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

We rely extensively on our IT systems to track inventory, manage our supply chain, record and process transactions, manage  customer  communications,  summarize  results  and  manage  our  business.  The  failure  of  our  IT  systems  to  operate properly or effectively, problems with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems, or difficulty in or failure to implement new systems, could adversely affect our business. We also operate a number of e-commerce websites throughout the world. Our IT systems and e-commerce websites may be subject to damage and/or interruption from power outages, computer, network and  telecommunications  failures,  malicious  software,  such  as  viruses  and  malware,  attacks  by  'hackers',  security  breaches, usage  errors  or  misconduct  by  our  employees  and  bad  acts  by  our  customers  and  website  visitors  which  could  materially adversely affect our business.

We  are  undergoing  a  multi-year  ERP  implementation.  The  implementation  of  the  ERP  will  require  a  significant investment  in  human  and  financial  resources.  Implementing  new  systems  also  carries  substantial  risk,  including  failure  to operate  as  designed,  failure  to  properly  integrate  with  other  systems,  potential  loss  of  data  or  information,  cost  overruns, implementation delays and disruption of operations. Third-party vendors are also relied upon to design, program, maintain and service our ERP implementation program. Any failures of these vendors to properly deliver their services could similarly have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, any disruptions or malfunctions affecting our ERP implementation plan could  cause  critical  information  upon  which  we  rely  to  be  delayed,  defective,  corrupted,  inadequate,  inaccessible  or  lost  or

otherwise cause delays or disruptions to our operations, and we may have to make significant investments to fix or replace impacted systems.

## Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory

## If we fail to comply with labor laws or collective bargaining agreements, or if our independent manufacturing contractors fail to use acceptable, ethical business practices, our business and reputation could suffer.

We are subject to labor laws governing relationships with employees, including minimum wage requirements, overtime, working  conditions  and  citizenship  requirements.  We  are  also  subject  to  collective  bargaining  agreements  with  respect  to employees  in  certain  European  countries.  Compliance  with  these  laws  and  regulations,  as  well  as  collective  bargaining agreements,  may  lead  to  increased  costs  and  operational  complexity  and  may  increase  our  exposure  to  governmental investigations or litigation.

We  require  our  independent  manufacturing  contractors  to  operate  in  compliance  with  applicable  laws,  rules  and regulations regarding working conditions, employment practices and environmental compliance, as well as our Supplier Code of Conduct and other compliance policies under our Factory Social Compliance Program. Our staff and third parties we retain for  such  purposes  periodically  visit  and  monitor  the  operations  of  our  independent  manufacturing  contractors  to  determine compliance. However, we generally do not control these manufacturing contractors or suppliers or their labor, environmental or other business practices. The violation of labor, environmental or other laws by an independent manufacturer or supplier, or divergence  of  an  independent  manufacturer's  or  supplier's  labor  practices  from  those  generally  accepted  as  ethical  or appropriate or that violate our Supplier Code of Conduct, could interrupt or otherwise disrupt the shipment of our products, harm  our  trademarks  or  damage  our  reputation.  Further,  we  could  be  prohibited  from  importing  goods  by  governmental authorities. The occurrence of any of these events could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## We may be unable to protect our trademarks, copyrights and other intellectual property rights, and others may allege that we infringe upon their intellectual property rights.

Our VERSACE, JIMMY CHOO and MICHAEL KORS trademarks, as well as other material trademarks, copyrights and design and patent rights related to the production, marketing and distribution of our products, are important to our success and our competitive position. We are susceptible to others imitating our products and infringing our intellectual property rights in the  Americas,  EMEA,  Asia  and  elsewhere  in  the  world  in  both  online  and  offline  channels.  Our  brands  enjoy  significant worldwide consumer recognition and the generally higher pricing of our products creates additional incentive for counterfeiters to  infringe  on  our  brands.  We  work  with  customs  authorities,  law  enforcement,  legal  representatives  and  brand  specialists globally  in  an  effort  to  prevent  the  sale  of  counterfeit  products,  but  we  cannot  guarantee  the  extent  to  which  our  efforts  to prevent counterfeiting of our brands and other intellectual property infringement will be successful. Such counterfeiting and other intellectual property infringement could dilute our brands and otherwise harm our reputation and business.

Our trademark and other intellectual property applications may fail to result in registered trademarks or other intellectual property or to provide the scope of coverage sought, and others may seek to invalidate our trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual property or block sales of our products as an alleged violation of their trademarks and/or intellectual property rights. In addition, others may assert rights in, or ownership of, trademarks, copyrights and/or other intellectual property rights of ours or in trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual property that are similar to ours or that we license, and we may not be able to successfully resolve these types of conflicts to our satisfaction. In some cases, other intellectual property owners may have prior rights to our trademarks or similar trademarks or intellectual property. Furthermore, the laws of certain foreign countries may not protect trademarks, copyrights and/or other intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States or the European Union.

From  time  to  time,  in  the  ordinary  course  of  our  business,  we  become  involved  in  opposition  and  cancellation proceedings with respect to trademarks or other intellectual property similar to some of our brands. Any litigation or dispute involving the scope or enforceability of our intellectual property rights or any allegation that we infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others could be costly and time-consuming and, if determined adversely to us, could result in harm to our competitive position.

## We self-insure certain risks and may be impacted by unfavorable claims experience.

We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance programs, including a wholly-owned captive insurance entity, to provide for the potential liabilities for certain risks including, employee health-care benefits, workers' compensation, employer

liability,  general  liability,  marine  transport  and  inventory, property damage, cyber risk and business interruption. Claims are difficult to predict and may be volatile. Any adverse claims experience could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

## We are subject to various proceedings, lawsuits, disputes and claims in the ordinary course of business which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We are a global company and are subject to various proceedings, lawsuits, disputes and claims throughout the world in the ordinary course of business. These claims could include commercial, intellectual property, employment, customer and data privacy claims, as well as class action lawsuits. Typically, these claims raise complex factual and legal issues and are subject to uncertainties. Plaintiffs may seek unspecified damages and/or injunctive or other equitable relief. Our potential liability may be covered in part by our insurance policies, but we may not always have adequate insurance to defend all claims. An unfavorable outcome in any proceeding, lawsuit, dispute or claim may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## Risks Related to Our Debt

## We have incurred a substantial amount of indebtedness, which could adversely affect our financial condition and restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness or engage in additional transactions.

As of April 2, 2022, our consolidated indebtedness was approximately $1.2 billion, net of debt issuance costs. Our total borrowings as of April 2, 2022 primarily relate to senior notes of $450 million, term loans of $497 million and revolving credit facility  of  $175  million.  Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our debt obligations and to fund planned capital expenditures  depends  on  our  ability  to  generate  cash  from  our  operations.  This,  to  a  certain  extent,  is  subject  to  general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. Our substantial level of indebtedness  could  have  negative  consequences  to  our  business  and  we  cannot  guarantee  that  our  business  will  generate sufficient cash flow from our operations or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to make  payments  of  our  debt,  fund  other  liquidity  needs,  make  necessary  capital  expenditures  or  pursue  certain  business opportunities. Our financial results, our substantial indebtedness and our credit ratings could adversely affect the availability and terms of our financing and negatively impact our ability to enter into new financing arrangements in the future.

In addition, our ability to access the credit and capital markets in the future as a source of funding, and the borrowing costs associated with such financing, is dependent upon market conditions and our credit rating and outlook. We are currently rated investment grade by two of the Company's three credit rating agencies. If our investment rating is downgraded in the future,  it  could  result  in  reduced  access  to  the  credit  and  capital  markets,  more  restrictive  covenants  in  future  financial documents and higher interest costs and potentially increased lease or hedging costs.

## We may be unable to meet financial covenants in our indebtedness agreements which could result in an event of default and restrictive covenants in such agreements may restrict our ability to pursue our business strategies.

The terms of our indebtedness contain affirmative and negative covenants that impose operating and financial restrictions on us and may restrict our ability to engage in future business opportunities or pursue our strategies. The Company's 2018 Credit Facility requires us to maintain a quarterly maximum permitted net leverage ratio of no greater than 4.0 to 1.0. The 2018 Credit Facility and the Indenture governing our senior notes contain certain restrictive covenants, including restrictions on our ability to:

- incur additional indebtedness and guarantee indebtedness;
- pay dividends or make other distributions or repurchase or redeem capital stock;
- make loans and investments, including acquisitions;
- sell assets;
- incur liens;
- enter into transactions with affiliates; and
- consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets

which collectively may limit our ability to engage in acts that may be in our long-term best interest.

A breach of the covenants or restrictions under the documents that govern our indebtedness could result in an event of default under the applicable indebtedness. Such a default may allow creditors to accelerate the related debt and may result in the

acceleration of any other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies. In addition, an event of default under  the  credit  agreement  governing  our  2018  Credit  Facility  would  permit  the  lenders  under  our  2018  Credit  Facility  to terminate all commitments to extend further credit under that facility. In the event our lenders or noteholders accelerate the repayment of our borrowings, we and our subsidiaries may not have sufficient assets to repay that indebtedness. As a result of these restrictions, we may be:

- limited in how we conduct our business;
- unable  to  raise  additional  debt  or  equity  financing  to  operate  during  general  economic  or  business  downturns, including as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and recent inflationary pressures and possible recession; or
- unable to compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities.

## Risks Related to Our Ordinary Shares

## Our  share  price  may  periodically  fluctuate  based  on  the  accuracy  of  our  earnings  guidance  or  other  forward-looking statements regarding our financial performance.

Our business and long-range planning process is designed to maximize our long-term growth and profitability and not to achieve an earnings target in any particular fiscal quarter. We believe that this longer-term focus is in the best interests of our Company and our shareholders. At the same time, however, we recognize that it is helpful to provide investors with guidance as to  our  forecast  of  total  revenue,  earnings  per  share  and  other  financial  metrics  or  projections.  While  we  generally  expect  to provide updates to our financial guidance when we report our results each fiscal quarter, we do not have any responsibility to update any of our forward-looking statements at such times or otherwise. In addition, any longer-term guidance that we provide is based on goals that we believe, at the time guidance is given, are reasonably attainable for growth and performance over a number  of  years.  However,  such  long-range  targets  are  more  difficult  to  predict  than  our  current  quarter  and  fiscal  year expectations. If, or when, we announce actual results that differ from those that have been predicted by us, outside investment analysts,  or  others,  our  share  price  could  be  adversely  affected.  Investors  who  rely  on  these  predictions  when  making investment decisions with respect to our securities do so at their own risk. We take no responsibility for any losses suffered as a result of such changes in our share price.

We periodically return value to shareholders through our share repurchase program. Investors may have an expectation that we will repurchase all shares available under our share repurchase program. The market price of our securities could be adversely affected if our share repurchase activity differs from investors' expectations or if our share repurchase program were to terminate.

## Failure  to  maintain  adequate  financial  and  management  processes  and  controls  could  lead  to  errors  in  our  financial reporting, which could harm our business and cause a decline in the price of our ordinary shares.

As a public company, we are required to document and test our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. If our management is unable to certify the effectiveness of our internal controls or if our independent registered public accounting firm cannot render an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, or if material weaknesses in our internal controls are identified, we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny and a loss of public confidence, which could have an adverse effect on our business and cause a decline in the price of our ordinary shares.

## Provisions in our organizational documents may delay or prevent our acquisition by a third party.

Our  Memorandum  and  Articles  of  Association  (together,  as  amended  from  time  to  time,  our  'Memorandum  and Articles')  contain  several  provisions  that  may  make  it  more  difficult  or  expensive  for  a  third  party  to  acquire  control  of  us without the approval of our board of directors. These provisions may delay, prevent or deter a merger, acquisition, tender offer, proxy contest or other transaction that might otherwise result in our shareholders receiving a premium over the market price for their ordinary shares. These provisions include, among others:

- our board of directors' ability to amend the Memorandum and Articles to create and issue, from time to time, one or more classes of preference shares and, with respect to each such class, to fix the terms thereof by resolution;
- provisions relating to the multiple classes and three-year terms of directors, the manner of election of directors, removal of directors and the appointment of directors upon an increase in the number of directors or vacancy on our board of directors;
- restrictions on the ability of shareholders to call meetings and bring proposals before meetings;

- elimination of the ability of shareholders to act by written consent; and
- the requirement of the affirmative vote of 75% of the shares entitled to vote to amend certain provisions of our Memorandum and Articles.

These provisions of our Memorandum and Articles could discourage potential takeover attempts and reduce the price that investors might be willing to pay for our ordinary shares in the future, which could reduce the market price of our ordinary shares.

## Rights of shareholders under British Virgin Islands law differ from those under United States law, and, accordingly, our shareholders may have fewer protections.

Our  corporate  affairs  are  governed  by  our  Memorandum  and  Articles,  the  BVI  Business  Companies  Act,  2004  (as amended, the 'BVI Act') and the common law of the British Virgin Islands. The rights of shareholders to take legal action against our directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under British Virgin Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the British Virgin Islands and by the BVI Act. The common law of the British Virgin Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the British Virgin Islands as well as from English common law, which has persuasive, but not binding, authority on a court in the British Virgin Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under British Virgin Islands law are not as clearly established as they would be under statutes or judicial precedents in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the British Virgin Islands has a less developed body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and some states (such as Delaware) have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. As a result of the foregoing, holders of our ordinary shares may have more difficulty in protecting their interests through actions against our management, directors or major shareholders than they would as shareholders of a United States company.

## The laws of the British Virgin Islands provide limited protection for minority shareholders, so minority shareholders will have limited or no recourse if they are dissatisfied with the conduct of our affairs.

Under the laws of the British Virgin Islands, there is limited statutory law for the protection of minority shareholders other than the provisions of the BVI Act dealing with shareholder remedies. The principal protection under statutory law is that shareholders may bring an action to enforce the constituent documents of a British Virgin Islands company and are entitled to have the affairs of the Company conducted in accordance with the BVI Act and the memorandum and articles of association of the Company. As such, if those who control the Company have persistently disregarded the requirements of the BVI Act or the provisions of the Company's memorandum and articles of association, then the courts will likely grant relief. Generally, the areas in which the courts will intervene are the following: (i) an act complained of which is outside the scope of the authorized business  or  is  illegal  or  not  capable  of  ratification  by  the  majority;  (ii)  acts  that  constitute  fraud  on  the  minority  where  the wrongdoers control the Company; (iii) acts that infringe on the personal rights of the shareholders, such as the right to vote; and (iv)  acts  where  the  Company  has  not  complied  with  provisions  requiring  approval  of  a  special  or  extraordinary  majority  of shareholders, which are more limited than the rights afforded to minority shareholders under the laws of many states in the United States.

## It may be difficult to enforce judgments against us or our executive officers and directors in jurisdictions outside the United States.

Under our Memorandum and Articles, we may indemnify and hold our directors harmless against all claims and suits brought against them, subject to limited exceptions. Furthermore, to the extent allowed by law, the rights and obligations among or between us, any of our current or former directors, officers and employees and any current or former shareholder will be governed exclusively by the laws of the British Virgin Islands and subject to the jurisdiction of the British Virgin Islands courts, unless those rights or obligations do not relate to or arise out of their capacities as such. Although there is doubt as to whether United States' courts would enforce these provisions in an action brought in the United States under United States securities laws, these provisions could make judgments obtained outside of the British Virgin Islands more difficult to enforce against our assets in the British Virgin Islands or jurisdictions that would apply British Virgin Islands law.

## British Virgin Islands companies may not be able to initiate shareholder derivative actions, thereby depriving shareholders of one avenue to protect their interests.

British Virgin Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholder derivative action in a federal court of the United States. The circumstances in which any such action may be brought, and the procedures and defenses that may be available in respect of any such action, may result in the rights of shareholders of a British Virgin Islands' company being more

limited than those of shareholders of a company organized in the United States. Accordingly, shareholders may have fewer alternatives available to them if they believe that corporate wrongdoing has occurred. The British Virgin Islands courts are also unlikely to recognize or enforce judgments of courts in the United States based on certain liability provisions of United States securities  law  or  to  impose  liabilities,  in  original  actions  brought  in  the  British  Virgin  Islands,  based  on  certain  liability provisions of the United States securities laws that are penal in nature. There is no statutory recognition in the British Virgin Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, although the courts of the British Virgin Islands will generally recognize and enforce the non-penal judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits. This means that even if shareholders were to sue us successfully, they may not be able to recover anything to make up for the losses suffered.

## Item 1B.   Unresolved Staff Comments

None.

## Item 2. Properties

The  following  table  sets  forth  the  location,  use  and  size  of  our  significant  distribution  and  corporate  facilities  as  of April 2, 2022, all of which are leased with the exception of our distribution center in the Netherlands, our central warehouse in Italy  and  luxury  shoe  factory  in  Italy,  which  are  owned.  The  leases  expire  at  various  times  through  Fiscal  2044,  subject  to renewal options.

| Location  Use  Approximate Square  Footage  Whittier, CA  Michael Kors United States Distribution Center  1,181,000  Venlo, Netherlands  Michael Kors and Jimmy Choo European Distribution Center  1,096,000  New York, NY  Michael Kors, Versace and Jimmy Choo United States Corporate Offices  284,000  Montreal, Quebec  Michael Kors Canadian Corporate Office and Distribution Center  150,000  Novara, Italy  Versace European Distribution Center  109,000  Milan, Italy  Versace Corporate Offices  90,000  Milan, Italy  Versace Showroom  54,000  Novara, Italy  Versace Manufacturing and Distribution Center  46,000  East Rutherford, NJ  Michael Kors United States Corporate Offices  43,000  Pistoia, Italy  Capri Luxury Shoe Factory  41,000  Milan, Italy  Michael Kors Regional Corporate Office and Showroom  25,000  Shangai, China  Michael Kors, Versace and Jimmy Choo Regional Corporate Offices  25,000  London, England  Jimmy Choo Corporate Offices  24,000  Manno, Switzerland  Michael Kors European Corporate Offices  18,000  London, England  Capri Corporate Headquarters and Michael Kors Regional Corporate Office  18,000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of April 2, 2022, we also occupied 1,271 leased retail stores worldwide (including concessions). We consider our properties to be in good condition and believe that our facilities are adequate for our operations and provide sufficient capacity to meet our anticipated requirements.

Other than the land and building for our Michael Kors and Jimmy Choo European distribution center in the Netherlands, our Versace central warehouse in Italy and our Capri luxury shoe factory in Italy, property and equipment related to our stores (e.g.  leasehold  improvements,  fixtures,  etc.)  and  computer  equipment,  we  did  not  own  any  material  property  as  of  April  2, 2022.

## Item 3. Legal Proceedings

We are involved in various routine legal proceedings incident to the ordinary course of our business. We believe that the outcome of all pending legal proceedings in the aggregate will not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

## Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures

None.

## PART II

## Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

## Market Information

Our ordinary shares trade on the NYSE under the symbol 'CPRI'. At April 2, 2022, there were 142,806,269 ordinary shares outstanding, and the closing price of our ordinary shares was $50.99. Also as of that date, we had approximately 127 ordinary shareholders of record.

## Share Performance Graph

The  line  graph  below  compares  the  cumulative  total  shareholder  return  on  our  ordinary  shares  with  the  Standard  &amp; Poor's ('S&amp;P') 500 Stock Index and the S&amp;P 500 Apparel, Accessories &amp; Luxury Goods Index for the five-year period from March 31, 2017 through April 1, 2022, the last business day of our fiscal year. The graph below assumes an investment of $100 made at the close of trading on March 31, 2017, in our ordinary shares and each of the indices presented. All values assume reinvestment  of  the  full  amount  of  all  dividends,  if  any,  into  additional  shares  of  the  same  class  of  equity  securities  at  the frequency with which dividends are paid on such securities during the applicable time period.

<!-- image -->

## Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

During the first quarter of Fiscal 2022, we reinstated our $500 million share repurchase program, which was previously suspended during the first quarter of Fiscal 2021 in response to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the provisions of the Second  Amendment  of  the  2018  Credit  Facility.  Subsequently,  on  November  3,  2021,  we  announced  that  our  Board  of Directors terminated the Company's existing $500 million share repurchase program (the 'Prior Plan'), which had $250 million of availability remaining at the time, and authorized a new share repurchase program (the 'Fiscal 2022 Plan') pursuant to which we may, from time to time, repurchase up to $1.0 billion of our outstanding ordinary shares within a period of two years from the effective date of the program. We also have in place a 'withhold to cover' repurchase program, which allows us to withhold ordinary shares from certain executive officers and directors to satisfy minimum tax withholding obligations relating to the vesting of their restricted share awards.

On June 1, 2022, we announced that our Board of Directors has terminated our Fiscal 2022 Plan, with $500 million of availability  remaining,  and  authorized  a  new  share  repurchase  program  pursuant  to  which  we  may,  from  time  to  time, repurchase  up  to  $1.0  billion  of  our  outstanding  ordinary  shares  within  period  of  two  years  from  the  effective  date  of  the program. Share repurchases may be made in open market or privately negotiated transactions, subject to market conditions,

applicable legal requirements, trading restrictions under our insider trading policy and other relevant factors. The program may be suspended or discontinued at any time.

The  following  table  provides  information  regarding  our  ordinary  share  repurchases  during  the  three  months  ended April 2, 2022:

| Total Number  of Shares  Average  Price Paid  per Share  Total Number of  Shares (or Units)  Purchased as Part of  Publicly Announced  Plans or Programs  Maximum Number (or  Approximated Dollar  Value) of Shares  (or Units) That  May Yet Be Purchased  Under the Plans or  Programs (in millions)  December 26, 2021 - January 22, 2022  -  $  -  -  $  800  January 23, 2022 - February 19, 2022  943,978  $  66.40  943,978  $  737  February 20, 2022 - April 2, 2022  4,146,860  $  57.36  4,136,319  $  500  5,090,838  5,080,297   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Item 6. Selected Financial Data

The following table sets forth selected historical consolidated financial and other data for Capri Holdings Limited and its consolidated subsidiaries for the periods presented. The statement of operations data for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 and the balance sheet data as of the end of Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 have been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. The statement of operations data for Fiscal 2019 and Fiscal 2018 and the balance  sheet  data  as  of  the  end  of  Fiscal  2020,  Fiscal  2019  and  Fiscal  2018  have  been  derived  from  our  prior  audited consolidated financial statements, which are not included in this report.

The selected historical consolidated financial data below should be read in conjunction with 'Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations' and our financial statements and the related notes included in this annual report.

| Fiscal Years Ended  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  March 28,  2020  March 30,  2019  March 31,  2018  (data presented in millions, except for shares and per share data)  Statement of Operations Data:  Total revenue  $  5,654  $  4,060  $  5,551  $  5,238  $  4,719  Cost of goods sold  1,910  1,463  2,280  2,058  1,860  Gross profit  3,744  2,597  3,271  3,180  2,859  Selling, general and administrative expenses  2,533  2,018  2,464  2,075  1,767  Depreciation and amortization  193  212  249  225  208  Impairment of assets  73  316  708  21  33  Restructuring and other charges  42  32  42  124  102  Total operating expenses  2,841  2,578  3,463  2,445  2,110  Income (loss) from operations  903  19  (192)  735  749  Other income  (2)  (7)  (6)  (4)  (2)  Interest (income) expense, net  (18)  43  18  38  22  Foreign currency loss (gain)  8  (20)  11  80  (13)  Income (loss) before provision for income taxes  915  3  (215)  621  742  Provision for income taxes  92  66  10  79  150  Net income (loss)  823  (63)  (225)  542  592  Less: Net income (loss) attributable to  noncontrolling interest  1  (1)  (2)  (1)  -  Net income (loss) attributable to Capri  $  822  $  (62)  $  (223)  $  543  $  592  Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding:  Basic  149,724,675  150,453,568  150,714,598  149,765,468  152,283,586  Diluted  152,497,907  150,453,568  150,714,598  151,614,350  155,102,885  Net income (loss) per ordinary share attributable to  Capri:  Basic  $  5.49  $  (0.41)  $  (1.48)  $  3.62  $  3.89  Diluted  $  5.39  $  (0.41)  $  (1.48)  $  3.58  $  3.82   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Fiscal Years Ended  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  March 28,  2020  March 30,  2019  March 31,  2018  (data presented in millions, except for share and store data)  Operating Data:  Retail stores, including concessions, end of period  1,271  1,257  1,271  1,249  1,011  Balance Sheet Data:  Working capital  $  325  $  (75)  $  493  $  187  $  302  Total assets  $  7,480  $  7,481  $  7,946  $  6,650  $  4,059  Short-term debt  $  29  $  123  $  167  $  630  $  200  Long-term debt  $  1,131  $  1,219  $  2,012  $  1,936  $  675  Shareholders' equity of Capri  $  2,559  $  2,158  $  2,167  $  2,429  $  2,018  Number of ordinary shares issued  221,967,599  219,222,937  217,320,010  216,050,939  210,991,091   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The following Management's Discussion and Analysis ('MD&amp;A') of our Financial Condition and Results of Operations should  be  read  in  conjunction  with  the  consolidated  financial  statements  and  notes  thereto  included  as  part  of  this  Annual Report on Form 10-K. Forward-looking statements are prospective in nature and are not based on historical facts, but rather on current expectations and projections of the management of the Company about future events, and are therefore subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from the future results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts included herein, may be forward-looking statements.  Forward-looking  statements  include  information  concerning  the  Company's  goals,  future  plans  and  strategies, including with respect to ESG goals, initiatives and ambitions as well as the Company's possible or assumed future results of operations, including descriptions of its business strategy. Without limitation, any statements preceded or followed by or that include  the  words  'plans',  'believes',  'expects',  'intends',  'will',  'should',  'could',  'would',  'may',  'anticipates', 'might' or similar words or phrases, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future financial performance. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could significantly  affect  expected  results  and  are  based  on  certain  key  assumptions,  which  could  cause  actual  results  to  differ materially  from  those  projected  or  implied  in  any  forward-looking  statements.  These  risks,  uncertainties  and  other  factors include  the  effect  of  the  COVID-19  pandemic  and  its  potential  material  and  significant  impact  on  the  Company's  future financial and operational results if retail stores are forced to close again and the pandemic is prolonged, including that our estimates  could  materially  differ  if  the  severity  of  the  COVID-19  situation  worsens,  or  if  there  are  further  supply  chain disruptions, including additional production delays and increased costs, the length and severity of such outbreak across the globe  and  the  pace  of  recovery  following  the  COVID-19  pandemic,  levels  of  cash  flow  and  future  availability  of  credit, compliance with restrictive covenants under the Company's credit agreement, the Company's ability to integrate successfully and to achieve anticipated benefits of any acquisition and to successfully execute our growth strategies; the risk of disruptions to the Company's businesses; risks associated with operating in international markets and our global sourcing activities; the risk of cybersecurity threats and privacy or data security breaches; the negative effects of events on the market price of the Company's ordinary shares and its operating results; significant transaction costs; unknown liabilities; the risk of litigation and/or regulatory actions related to the Company's businesses; fluctuations in demand for the Company's products; levels of indebtedness  (including  the  indebtedness  incurred  in  connection  with  acquisitions);  the  timing  and  scope  of  future  share buybacks,  which  may  be  made  in  open  market  or  privately  negotiated  transactions,  and  are  subject  to  market  conditions, applicable legal requirements, trading restrictions under the Company's insider trading policy and other relevant factors, and such share repurchases may be suspended or discontinued at any time, the level of other investing activities and uses of cash; changes in consumer traffic and retail trends; higher consumer debt levels, recession and inflationary pressures, loss of market share and industry competition; fluctuations in the capital markets; fluctuations in interest and exchange rates; the occurrence of unforeseen epidemics and pandemics, disasters or catastrophes; extreme weather conditions and natural disasters; political or economic instability in principal markets; adverse outcomes in litigation; and general, local and global economic, political, business and market conditions including acts of war and other geopolitical conflicts, as well as those risks set forth in the Company's  filings  with  the  U.S.  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission,  including  in  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K, particularly under 'Item 1A. Risk Factors'.

## Overview

## Our Business

Capri Holdings Limited is a global fashion luxury group, consisting of iconic brands that are industry leaders in design, style and craftsmanship, led by a world-class management team and renowned designers. Our brands cover the full spectrum of fashion  luxury  categories,  including  women's  and  men's  accessories,  footwear  and  ready-to-wear,  as  well  as  wearable technology, watches, jewelry, eyewear and a full line of fragrance products. Our goal is to continue to extend the global reach of our brands while ensuring that they maintain their independence and exclusive DNA.

Our Versace brand has long been recognized as one of the world's leading international fashion design houses and is synonymous with Italian glamour and style. Founded in 1978 in Milan, Versace is known for its iconic and unmistakable style and unparalleled craftsmanship. Over the past several decades, the House of Versace has grown globally from its roots in haute couture, expanding into the design, manufacturing, distribution and retailing of accessories, ready-to-wear, footwear, eyewear, watches, jewelry, fragrance and home furnishings businesses. Versace's design team is led by Donatella Versace, who has been the brand's Artistic Director for over 20 years. Versace distributes its products through a worldwide distribution network, which includes boutiques in some of the world's most glamorous cities, its e-commerce sites, as well as through the most prestigious department and specialty stores worldwide.

Our Jimmy Choo brand offers a distinctive, glamorous and fashion-forward product range, enabling it to develop into a leading global luxury accessories brand, whose core product offering is women's luxury shoes, complemented by accessories, including handbags, small leather goods, jewelry, scarves and belts, as well as a growing men's luxury shoe and accessory business.  In  addition,  certain  categories,  such  as  fragrances  and  eyewear  are  produced  under  licensing  agreements.  Jimmy Choo's design team is led by Sandra Choi, who has been the Creative Director for the brand since its inception in 1996. Jimmy Choo products are unique, instinctively seductive and chic. The brand offers classic and timeless luxury products, as well as innovative  products  that  are  intended  to  set  and  lead  fashion  trends.  Jimmy  Choo  is  represented  through  its  global  store network, its e-commerce sites, as well as through the most prestigious department and specialty stores worldwide.

Our Michael Kors brand was launched 40 years ago by Michael Kors, a world-renowned designer, whose vision has taken the Company from its beginnings as an American luxury sportswear house to a global accessories, footwear and ready-towear company with a global distribution network that has presence in over 100 countries through Company-operated retail stores and e-commerce sites, leading department stores, specialty stores and select licensing partners. Michael Kors is a highly recognized luxury fashion brand in the Americas and Europe with growing brand awareness in other international markets. Michael Kors features distinctive designs, materials and craftsmanship with a jet-set aesthetic that combines stylish elegance and a sporty attitude. Michael Kors offers three primary collections: the Michael Kors Collection luxury line, the MICHAEL Michael Kors accessible luxury line and the Michael Kors Mens line. The Michael Kors Collection establishes the aesthetic authority  of  the  entire  brand  and  is  carried  by  select  retail  stores,  our  e-commerce  sites,  as  well  as  in  the  finest  luxury department stores in the world. MICHAEL Michael Kors has a strong focus on accessories, in addition to offering footwear and ready-to-wear, and addresses the significant demand opportunity in accessible luxury goods. We have also been developing our men's business in recognition of the significant opportunity afforded by the Michael Kors brand's established fashion authority and the expanding men's market. Taken together, our Michael Kors collections target a broad customer base while retaining our premium luxury image.

## Certain Factors Affecting Financial Condition and Results of Operations

COVID-19  Pandemic. The  ongoing  COVID-19  pandemic  has  caused  significant  disruption  to  the  global  economy, consumer  spending  and  behavior,  tourism  and  to  financial  markets.  While  the  overall  COVID-19  situation  appears  to  be improving, our business and operating results may be negatively impacted if the virus worsens or mutates, if vaccination efforts are  unsuccessful  and/or  if  regions  or  countries  take  further  actions  to  contain  the  virus  (including  additional  extended  lockdowns and travel restrictions), among others. We continue to monitor the latest developments regarding the pandemic and have made  certain  assumptions  about  the  pandemic  for  purposes  of  our  business  and  operating  results,  including  assumptions regarding the duration, severity and global macroeconomic impacts of the pandemic; however, the full extent of the impact of COVID-19 on our business and operating results will depend largely on future events outside of our control, including the duration and severity of the pandemic and the success of vaccination efforts, new information concerning the virus or variants of  the  virus,  actions  different  states,  regions  or  countries  may  take  to  contain  the  virus  (including  extended  lock-downs  and travel restrictions) and the economic impacts of the pandemic, including recent inflationary pressures, among others. See Item 1A. 'Risk Factors' - 'The COVID-19 pandemic may continue to have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.' for additional discussion regarding risks to our business associated with the COVID-19 pandemic.

Channel shift, macroeconomic factors and demand for our accessories and related merchandise .  Our  performance is affected by trends in the luxury goods industry, global consumer spending, macroeconomic factors, overall levels of consumer travel  and  spending  on  discretionary  items  as  well  as  shifts  in  demographics  and  changes  in  lifestyle  preferences.  Through 2019, the personal luxury goods market grew at a mid-single digit rate over the past 20 years, with more recent growth driven by stronger Chinese demand from both international and local consumers and demographic and socioeconomic shifts resulting in  younger  consumers  purchasing  more  luxury  goods.  However,  in  2020,  due  to  the  impact  of  the  COVID-19  crisis,  the personal luxury goods market declined 23%. Market studies indicate that the personal luxury goods market returned to 2019 levels in 2021, and the market is predicted to increase at a 10% compound annual growth rate between 2020 and 2025. Future growth is expected to be driven by e-commerce, Chinese consumers and younger generations. As the personal luxury goods market  continues  to  evolve,  Capri  is  committed  to  creating  engaging  luxury  experiences  globally.  In  our  view,  increased customer  engagement  and  tailoring  merchandise  to  customer  shopping  and  communication  preferences  are  key  to  growing market share.

We also continue to adjust our retail operating strategy to the changing business environment. We have finalized the planned store closures under the Capri Retail Store Optimization Program as of the end of Fiscal 2022. As of April 2, 2022, we closed a total of 167 stores and recorded total net restructuring charges of $14 million relating to the plan. We recorded net restructuring charges of $9 million and $5 million during Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, respectively, relating to the plan. See Item 9B - Other Information for additional information. Collectively, we continue to anticipate ongoing savings as a result of the store closures and lower depreciation associated with the impairment charges being recorded.

Foreign  currency  fluctuation. Our  consolidated  operations  are  impacted  by  the  relationships  between  our  reporting currency, the United States dollar, and those of our non-United States subsidiaries whose functional/local currency is other than the United States dollar, primarily the Euro, the British Pound, the Chinese Renminbi, the Japanese Yen, the Korean Won and the Canadian dollar, among others. We continue to expect volatility in the global foreign currency exchange rates, which may have a negative impact on the reported results of certain of our non-United States subsidiaries in the future, when translated to the United States dollar.

Disruptions or delays in shipping and distribution and other supply chain constraints . We have been experiencing global logistics  challenges,  including  delays  as  a  result  of  port  congestion,  vessel  availability,  container  shortages  and  temporary factory closures which are expected to continue for Fiscal 2023. Our freight costs have increased as carrier rates for ocean and air shipments have increased significantly, and the supply chain disruptions have caused us to increase our use of air freight with greater frequency than in the past. Any future disruptions in our shipping and distribution network, including impacts on our supply chain due to temporary closures of our manufacturing partners and shipping and fulfillment constraints, could have a negative  impact  on  our  results  of  operations.  See  Item  1A.  'Risk  Factors'  -  'We  primarily  use  foreign  manufacturing contractors  and  independent  third-party  agents  to  source  our  finished  goods  and  our  business  is  subject  to  risks  inherent  in global sourcing activities, including disruptions or delays in manufacturing or shipments.' for additional discussion.

Costs of manufacturing, tariffs and import regulations. Our industry is subject to volatility in costs related to certain raw materials  used  in  the  manufacturing  of  our  products.  This  volatility  applies  primarily  to  costs  driven  by  commodity  prices, which can increase or decrease dramatically over a short period of time. In addition, our costs may be impacted by sanction tariffs imposed on our products due to changes in trade terms. For example, we have historically received benefits from dutyfree imports on certain products from certain countries pursuant to the GSP program. The GSP program expired on December 31,  2020.  If  the  GSP  program  is  not  renewed  or  otherwise  made  retroactive,  we  will  continue  to  experience  significant additional duties and our gross margin will continue to be negatively impacted. Additionally, we are subject to government import regulations, including CBP withhold release orders. The imposition of taxes, duties and quotas, the withdrawal from or material modification to trade agreements and/or if CBP detains shipments of our goods pursuant to a withhold release order could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. If additional tariffs or trade restrictions  are  implemented  by  the  United  States  or  other  countries,  the  cost  of  our  products  could  increase  which  could adversely  affect  our  business.  In  addition,  commodity  prices  and  tariffs  may  have  an  impact  on  our  revenues,  results  of operations  and  cash  flows.  We  use  commercially  reasonable  efforts  to  mitigate  these  effects  by  sourcing  our  products  as efficiently as possible and diversifying the countries where we produce. In addition, manufacturing labor costs are also subject to degrees of volatility based on local and global economic conditions. We use commercially reasonable efforts to source from localities that suit our manufacturing standards and result in more favorable labor driven costs to our product.

## Segment Information

We operate in three reportable segments, which are as follows:

## Versace

We  generate  revenue  through  the  sale  of  Versace  luxury  accessories,  ready-to-wear  and  footwear  through  directly operated Versace boutiques throughout North America (United States and Canada), certain parts of EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) and certain parts of Asia (Asia and Oceania), as well as through Versace outlet stores and e-commerce sites. In addition, revenue is generated through wholesale sales to distribution partners (including geographic licensing arrangements), multi-brand department stores and specialty stores worldwide, as well as through product license agreements in connection with the manufacturing and sale of products, including jeans, fragrances, watches, jewelry, eyewear and home furnishings.

## Jimmy Choo

We generate revenue through the sale of Jimmy Choo luxury goods through directly operated Jimmy Choo retail and outlet stores throughout the Americas (United States, Canada and Latin America), certain parts of EMEA and certain parts of Asia,  through  our  e-commerce  sites,  as  well  as  through  wholesale  sales  of  luxury  goods  to  distribution  partners  (including geographic licensing arrangements that allow third parties to use the Jimmy Choo tradename in connection with retail and/or wholesale sales of Jimmy Choo branded products in specific geographic regions), multi-brand department stores and specialty stores worldwide. In addition, revenue is generated through product licensing agreements, which allow third parties to use the Jimmy Choo brand name and trademarks in connection with the manufacturing and sale of products, including fragrances and eyewear.

## Michael Kors

We generate revenue through the sale of Michael Kors products through four primary Michael Kors retail store formats: 'Collection'  stores,  'Lifestyle'  stores  (including  concessions),  outlet  stores  and  e-commerce,  through  which  we  sell  our products, as well as licensed products bearing our name, directly to consumers throughout the Americas, certain parts of EMEA and certain parts of Asia. Our Michael Kors e-commerce business includes e-commerce sites in the United States, Canada and EMEA and Asia. We also sell Michael Kors products directly to department stores, primarily located across the Americas and EMEA, to specialty stores and travel retail shops in the Americas, Europe and Asia, and to our geographic licensees in certain parts  of  EMEA, Asia and Brazil. In addition, revenue is generated through product and geographic licensing arrangements, which allow third parties to use the Michael Kors brand name and trademarks in connection with the manufacturing and sale of products, including watches, jewelry, fragrances and eyewear, as well as through geographic licensing arrangements, which allow third parties to use the Michael Kors tradename in connection with the retail and/or wholesale sales of our Michael Kors branded products in specific geographic regions.

## Unallocated Corporate Expenses

In addition to the reportable segments discussed above, we have certain corporate costs that are not directly attributable to  our  brands  and,  therefore,  are  not  allocated  to  segments.  Such  costs  primarily  include  certain  administrative,  corporate occupancy,  shared  service  and  information  systems  expenses,  including  ERP  system  implementation  costs  and  Capri transformation program costs. In addition, certain other costs are not allocated to segments, including restructuring and other charges, impairment costs, COVID-19 related charges, charitable donations and the war in Ukraine. The segment structure is consistent  with  how  our  chief  operating  decision  maker  plans  and  allocates  resources,  manages  the  business  and  assesses performance. The following table presents our total revenue and income (loss) from operations by segment for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 (in millions):

| Fiscal Years Ended  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  March 28,  2020  Total revenue:  Versace  $  1,088  $  718  $  843  Jimmy Choo  613  418  555  Michael Kors  3,953  2,924  4,153  Total revenue  $  5,654  $  4,060  $  5,551  Income (loss) from operations:  Versace  $  185  $  21  $  (8)  Jimmy Choo  13  (55)  (13)  Michael Kors  1,005  595  850  Total segment income from operations  1,203  561  829  Less:  Corporate expenses  (190)  (152)  (152)  Impairment of assets  (1)  (73)  (316)  (708)  COVID-19 related charges  (2)  14  (42)  (119)  Impact of war in Ukraine  (3)  (9)  -  -  Restructuring and other charges  (42)  (32)  (42)  Total income (loss) from operations  $  903  $  19  $  (192)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Impairment of assets during Fiscal 2022 includes $50 million, $19 million and $4 million of impairment charges related  to  the  Michael  Kors,  Versace  and  Jimmy  Choo  reportable  segments,  respectively.  Impairment  of  assets during Fiscal 2021 includes $191 million, $91 million and $34 million of impairment charges related to the Jimmy Choo,  Michael  Kors  and  Versace  reportable  segments,  respectively.  Impairment  of  assets  during  Fiscal  2020 includes $434 million, $187 million and $87 million of impairment charges related to the Jimmy Choo, Michael Kors and Versace reportable segments, respectively.

(2) COVID-19 related charges during Fiscal 2022 primarily include net inventory credits of $16 million as a result of better  than  expected  sell-through  and  severance  expense of $2 million, respectively. Net inventory credits during

Fiscal 2022 is change of estimate from better than expected sell-through. COVID-19 related charges during Fiscal 2021, primarily include net inventory credits and severance expense of $10 million and $24 million, respectively. COVID-19 related charges during Fiscal 2020, primarily include additional inventory reserves and credit losses of $92  million  and  $25  million,  respectively.  Inventory  related  costs  are  recorded  within  costs  of  goods  sold  and severance  expense  and  credit  losses  are  recorded  within  selling,  general  and  administrative  expenses  in  the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss).

(3) These charges primarily relate to incremental credit losses and inventory reserves which are a direct impact of the war in Ukraine. Credit losses are recorded within selling, general and administrative expenses and inventory related costs  are  recorded  within  costs  of  goods  sold  in  the  consolidated  statements  of  operations  and  comprehensive income (loss).

The following table presents our global network of retail stores and wholesale doors:

| As of  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  March 28,  2020  Number of full price retail stores (including concessions):  Versace  149  153  157  Jimmy Choo  181  176  179  Michael Kors  524  529  568  854  858  904  Number of outlet stores:  Versace  60  57  49  Jimmy Choo  56  51  47  Michael Kors  301  291  271  417  399  367  Total number of retail stores  1,271  1,257  1,271  Total number of wholesale doors:  Versace  803  868  824  Jimmy Choo  446  450  554  Michael Kors  2,742  2,852  2,982  3,991  4,170  4,360   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table presents our retail stores by geographic location:

| As of  As of  April 2, 2022  March 27, 2021  Versace  Jimmy Choo  Michael Kors  Versace  Jimmy Choo  Michael Kors  Store count by region:  The Americas  39  45  334  34  44  353  EMEA  55  73  176  57  74  176  Asia  115  119  315  119  109  291  209  237  825  210  227  820   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Key Performance Indicators and Statistics

We use a number of key indicators of operating results to evaluate our performance, including the following (dollars in millions):

| Fiscal Years Ended  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  March 28,  2020  Total revenue  $  5,654  $  4,060  $  5,551  Gross profit as a percent of total revenue  66.2 %  64.0 %  58.9 %  Income (loss) from operations  $  903  $  19  $  (192)  Income (loss) from operations as a percent of total revenue  16.0 %  0.5 %  (3.5)  %   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ('U.S.  GAAP')  requires  management  to  make  estimates  and  assumptions  that  affect  the  reported  amounts  of  assets  and liabilities  and  disclosure  of  contingent  assets  and  liabilities  at  the  date  of  the  financial  statements,  as  well  as  the  reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Critical accounting policies are those that are the most important to the portrayal of our results of operations and financial condition and that require our most difficult, subjective and complex judgments to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. In applying such policies, we must use certain  assumptions that are based on our informed judgments, assessments of probability and best estimates. Estimates, by their nature, are subjective and are based on analysis of available information, including current and historical factors and the experience  and  judgment  of  management.  We  evaluate  our  assumptions  and  estimates  on  an  ongoing  basis.  While  our significant accounting policies are detailed in Note 2 to the accompanying financial statements, our critical accounting policies are  discussed  below  and  include  revenue  recognition,  inventories,  long-lived  assets,  goodwill  and  other  indefinite-lived intangible assets, share-based compensation, derivatives and income taxes.

## Revenue Recognition

Revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to our customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for goods or services. We recognize retail store revenue when control of the product is transferred at the point of sale at our owned stores, including concessions. Revenue from sales through our  e-commerce  sites  is  recognized  at  the  time  of  delivery  to  the  customer,  reduced  by  an  estimate  of  returns.  Wholesale revenue is recognized net of estimates for sales returns, discounts, markdowns and allowances, after merchandise is shipped and control  of  the  underlying  product  is  transferred  to  our  wholesale  customers.  To  arrive  at  net  sales  for  retail,  gross  sales  are reduced  by  actual  customer  returns,  as  well  as  by  a  provision  for  estimated  future  customer  returns,  which  is  based  on management's review of historical and current customer returns. The amounts reserved for retail sales returns were $22 million, $20 million and $12 million at April 2, 2022, March 27, 2021 and March 28, 2020, respectively. Net sales for wholesale equals gross  sales,  reduced  by  provisions  for  estimated  future  returns  based  on  current  expectations,  as  well  as  trade  discounts, markdowns, allowances, operational chargebacks, and certain cooperative selling expenses. Total sales reserves for wholesale were $70 million, $78 million and $154 million at April 2, 2022, March 27, 2021 and March 28, 2020, respectively. These estimates are based on such factors as historical trends, actual and forecasted performance and market conditions, which are reviewed by management on a quarterly basis. Our historical estimates of these costs were not materially different from actual results.

Royalty revenue generated from product licenses, which includes contributions for advertising, is based on reported sales of licensed products bearing our tradenames at rates specified in the license agreements. These agreements are also subject to contractual minimum levels. Royalty revenue generated by geographic licensing agreements is recognized as it is earned under the  licensing  agreements based on reported sales of licensees applicable to specified periods, as outlined in the agreements. These agreements allow for the use of our tradenames to sell our branded products in specific geographic regions.

## Inventories

Our inventory costs include amounts paid to independent manufacturers, plus duties and freight to bring the goods to the Company's warehouses, as well as shipments to stores. The combined total of raw materials and work in process inventory recorded  on  our  consolidated  balance  sheets  as  of  April  2,  2022  and  March  27,  2021  were  $31  million  and  $28  million, respectively. We continuously evaluate the composition of our inventory and make adjustments when the cost of inventory is

not  expected  to  be  fully  recoverable.  The  net  realizable  value  of  our  inventory  is  estimated  based  on  historical  experience, current  and  forecasted  demand  and  market  conditions.  In  addition,  reserves  for  inventory  losses  are  estimated  based  on historical experience and inventory counts. Our inventory reserves are estimates, which could vary significantly from actual results  if  future  economic  conditions,  customer  demand  or  competition  differ  from  expectations.  Our  historical  estimates  of these adjustments have not differed materially from actual results.

## Long-lived Assets

We evaluate all  long-lived  assets,  including  operating  lease  right-of-use  assets,  property  and  equipment  and  definitelived intangible assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of any such asset may not be recoverable. For the purposes of impairment testing, we group long-lived assets at the lowest level of identifiable cash flow. Our leasehold improvements are typically amortized over the life of the store lease, including reasonably assured renewals and our shop-in-shops are amortized over a useful life of three to five years. Our impairment testing is based on our best estimate of the future operating cash flows. If the sum of our estimated undiscounted future cash flows associated with  the  asset  is  less  than  the  asset's  carrying  value,  we  would  recognize  an  impairment  charge,  which  is  measured  as  the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the asset. The fair values determined by management require significant  judgment  and  include  certain  assumptions  regarding  future  sales  and  expense  growth  rates,  discount  rates  and estimates of real estate market fair values. As such, these estimates may differ from actual results and are affected by future market and economic conditions.

During Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, we recorded impairment charges of $83 million, $158 million and $357 million, respectively, which were primarily related to operating lease right-of-use assets and fixed assets of our retail store locations. Please refer to Note 7 and Note 13 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information.

## Goodwill and Other Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets

We record intangible assets based on their fair value on the date of acquisition. Goodwill is recorded as the difference between the fair value of the purchase consideration and the fair value of the net identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired.  The  brand  intangible  assets  recorded  in  connection  with  the  acquisitions  of  Versace  and  Jimmy  Choo  were determined  to  be  indefinite-lived  intangible  assets,  which  are  not  subject  to  amortization.  We  perform  an  impairment assessment of goodwill, as well as the Versace brand and Jimmy Choo brand intangible assets on an annual basis, or whenever impairment indicators exist. In the absence of any impairment indicators, goodwill, the Versace brand and the Jimmy Choo brand  are  assessed  for  impairment  during  the  fourth  quarter  of  each  fiscal  year.  Judgments  regarding  the  existence  of impairment indicators are based on market conditions and operational performance of the business.

We may assess our goodwill and our brand indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment initially using a qualitative approach to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of these assets is greater than their carrying value. When  performing  a  qualitative  test,  we  assess  various  factors  including  industry  and  market  conditions,  macroeconomic conditions and performance of our businesses. If the results of the qualitative assessment indicate that it is more likely than not that our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are impaired, a quantitative impairment analysis is performed to determine if impairment is required. We may also elect to perform a quantitative analysis of goodwill and our indefinite-lived intangible assets initially rather than using a qualitative approach.

The impairment testing for goodwill is performed at the reporting unit level. We use industry accepted valuation models and  set  criteria  that  are  reviewed  and  approved  by  various  levels  of  management  and,  in  certain  instances,  we  engage independent  third-party  valuation  specialists  for  assistance.  To  determine  the  fair  value  of  a  reporting  unit,  we  use  a combination  of  the  income  and  market  approaches,  when  applicable.  We  believe  the  blended  use  of  both  models,  when applicable, compensates for the inherent risk associated with either model if used on a stand-alone basis, and this combination is indicative of the factors a market participant would consider when performing a similar valuation. If the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds the related carrying value, the reporting unit's goodwill is considered not to be impaired and no further testing is performed. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recorded for the difference. These valuations are affected by certain estimates, including future revenue growth rates, future operating expense growth rates, gross margins and discount rates. Future events could cause us to conclude that impairment indicators exist and goodwill may be impaired.

When performing a quantitative impairment assessment of our brand intangible assets, the fair value of the Versace and the Jimmy Choo brands is estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis based on the 'relief from royalty' method, assuming that a third party would be willing to pay a royalty in lieu of ownership for this intangible asset. This approach is dependent on many factors, including estimates of future revenue growth rates, royalty rates and discount rates. Actual future results may differ from these estimates. An impairment loss is recognized when the estimated fair value of the brand intangible assets is less than its carrying amount.

During  the  fourth  quarter  of  Fiscal  2022,  we  performed  our  annual  goodwill  and  indefinite-lived  intangible  assets impairment analysis. Based on qualitative impairment assessment of the Michael Kors reporting units, we concluded that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the Michael Kors reporting units exceeded its carrying value and, therefore, was not impaired. We elected to perform quantitative impairment analyses for the Versace and Jimmy Choo reporting units, using a combination of income and market approaches to estimate the fair values of reporting units. We also elected to perform an impairment analysis for the Versace and Jimmy Choo brand intangible assets using an income approach to estimate the fair values. Based on the results of these assessment, we concluded that the fair values of the Versace and Jimmy Choo reporting units and the brand intangible assets exceeded the related carrying amounts and no impairment was required.

In  Fiscal  2021,  we  recorded  a  goodwill  impairment  charge  of  $94  million  related  to  the  Jimmy  Choo  wholesale  and Jimmy Choo licensing reporting units and $69 million impairment charge related to the Jimmy Choo brand intangible assets during Fiscal 2021. We recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $171 million related to the Jimmy Choo retail and Jimmy Choo licensing reporting units and $180 million impairment charge related to the Jimmy Choo brand intangible assets during Fiscal 2020. The impairment charges were recorded within impairment of assets on our consolidated statement of operations and  comprehensive  income  (loss)  for  the  fiscal  years  ended  March  27,  2021  and  March  28,  2020.  See  Note  8  to  the accompanying  financial  statements  for  information  relating  to  the  annual  impairment  analysis  performed  during  the  fourth quarters of Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020.

It is possible that our conclusions regarding impairment or recoverability of goodwill or other indefinite intangible assets could change in future periods if, for example, (i) our businesses do not perform as projected, (ii) overall economic conditions in future years vary from current assumptions, (iii) business conditions or strategies change from our current assumptions, (iv) discount rates change, (v) market multiples change or (vi) the identification of our reporting units change, among other factors. Such changes could result in a future impairment charge of goodwill or other indefinite intangible assets.

## Share-based Compensation

We grant share-based awards to certain of our employees and directors. The grant date fair value of share options is calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which requires us to use subjective assumptions. The closing market price at the grant date is used to determine the grant date fair value of restricted stock units ('RSUs') and performance-based RSUs. These values are recognized as expense over the requisite service period, net of estimated forfeitures, based on expected attainment of pre-established performance goals for performance grants, or the passage of time for those grants which have only time-based  vesting  requirements.  Compensation  expense  for  performance-based  RSUs  is  recognized  over  the  employees' requisite  service  period  when  attainment  of  the  performance  goals  is  deemed  probable,  which  involves  judgment  as  to achievement of certain performance metrics.

We use our own historical experience in determining the expected holding period and volatility of our time-based share option  awards.  Determining  the  grant  date  fair  value  of  share-based  awards  requires  considerable  judgment,  including estimating  expected  volatility,  expected  term,  risk-free  rate  and  forfeitures.  If  factors  change  and  we  employ  different assumptions, the fair value of future awards and resulting share-based compensation expense may differ significantly from what we have estimated in the past.

## Derivative Financial Instruments

## Forward Foreign Currency Exchange Contracts

We use forward foreign currency exchange contracts  to  manage  our  exposure  to  fluctuations  in  foreign  currency  for certain transactions. We, in our normal course of business, enter into transactions with foreign suppliers and seeks to minimize risks related to these transactions. We employ these contracts to hedge the our cash flows, as they relate to foreign currency transactions. Certain of these contracts are designated as hedges for accounting purposes, while others remain undesignated. All of our derivative instruments are recorded in our consolidated balance sheets at fair value on a gross basis, regardless of their hedge designation.

We  designate  certain  contracts  related  to  the  purchase  of  inventory  that  qualify  for  hedge  accounting  as  cash  flow hedges. Formal hedge documentation is prepared for all derivative instruments designated as hedges, including a description of the hedged item and the hedging instrument and the risk being hedged. The changes in the fair value for contracts designated as cash  flow  hedges  is  recorded  in  equity  as  a  component  of  accumulated  other  comprehensive  income  until  the  hedged  item affects earnings. When the inventory related to forecasted inventory purchases that are being hedged is sold to a third party, the gains or losses deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income are recognized within cost of goods sold. The Company uses regression analysis to assess effectiveness of derivative instruments that are designated as hedges, which compares the change in the fair value of the derivative instrument to the change in the related hedged item. If the hedge is no longer expected to be highly effective in the future, future changes in the fair value are recognized in earnings. For those contracts that are not designated as hedges, changes in the fair value are recorded to foreign currency (gain) loss in our consolidated statements of operations  and  comprehensive  income  (loss).  We  classify  cash  flows  relating  to  our  forward  foreign  currency  exchange contracts  related  to  purchases  of  inventory  consistently  with  the  classification  of  the  hedged  item  within  cash  flows  from operating activities.

We are exposed to the risk that counterparties to derivative contracts will fail to meet their contractual obligations. In order to mitigate counterparty credit risk, we only enter into contracts with carefully selected financial institutions based upon their credit ratings and certain other financial factors, adhering to established limits for credit exposure. The aforementioned forward contracts generally have a term of no more than 12 months. The period of these contracts is directly related to the foreign transaction they are intended to hedge.

## Net Investment Hedges

We also use fixed-to-fixed cross currency swap agreements to hedge our net investments in foreign operations against future volatility in the exchange rates between the United States dollar and the associated foreign currencies. We have elected the  spot  method  of  designating  these  contracts  under  ASU  2017-12, 'Derivatives  and  Hedging  (Topic  815):  Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities', and have designated these contracts as net investment hedges. The net gain  or  loss  on  the  net  investment  hedge  is  reported  within  foreign  currency  translation  gains  and  losses  ('CTA'),  as  a component  of  accumulated  other  comprehensive  income  on  our  consolidated  balance  sheets.  Interest  accruals  and  coupon payments  are  recognized  directly  in  interest  (income)  expense,  net,  in  our  consolidated  statements  of  operations  and comprehensive income (loss). Upon discontinuation of a hedge, all previously recognized amounts remain in CTA until the net investment is sold, diluted or liquidated.

We are exposed to the risk that counterparties to derivative contracts will fail to meet their contractual obligations. In order to mitigate counterparty credit risk, we only enter into contracts with carefully selected financial institutions based upon their credit ratings and certain other financial factors, adhering to established limits for credit exposure.

During the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2020, we terminated all of our net investment hedges related to our Euro-denominated subsidiaries. The early termination of these hedges resulted in the receipt of $296 million in cash during the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2020. During Fiscal 2021, the Company resumed its normal hedging program and entered into multiple fixed-to-fixed cross-currency swap agreements to hedge its net investment in Euro-denominated and Japanese Yen-denominated subsidiaries against future volatility in the exchange rate between the United States dollar and these currencies. During Fiscal 2021, the Company entered into multiple fixed-to-fixed cross-currency swap agreements with aggregate notional amounts of $4 billion to hedge  its  net  investment  in  Euro-denominated  subsidiaries  and  $194  million  to  hedge  its  net  investment  in  Japanese  Yendenominated subsidiaries against future volatility in the exchange rates between the United States dollar and these currencies.

During  the  first  quarter  of  Fiscal  2022,  we  modified  multiple  fixed-to-fixed  cross-currency  swap  agreements  with aggregate notional amounts of $2.875 billion to hedge its net investment in Euro denominated subsidiaries. Due to an otherthan-insignificant financing element for certain of the first quarter modifications, net interest cash inflows of $31 million during Fiscal 2022 related to these contracts are classified as financing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows.

During  the  third  and  fourth  quarter  of  Fiscal  2022,  we  modified  multiple  fixed-to-fixed  cross-currency  swap agreements with aggregate notional amounts of $1.5 billion and $2.475 billion, respectively. The modification of these hedges resulted in the receipt of $59 million and $130 million in cash during the third and fourth quarter of Fiscal 2022, respectively. These amounts are classified within investing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows.

## Interest Rate Swap Agreements

We also use interest rate swap agreements to hedge the variability of our cash flows resulting from floating interest rates on our borrowings. When an interest rate swap agreement qualifies for hedge accounting as a cash flow hedge, the changes in

the  fair  value  are  recorded  in  equity  as  a  component  of  accumulated  other  comprehensive  income  and  are  reclassified  into interest (income) expense, net, in the same period during which the hedged transactions affect earnings.

During  the  third  quarter  of  Fiscal  2022,  we  terminated  our  only  interest  rate  swap.  As  a  result,  we  recognized  a  $1 million gain within interest (income) expense, net, within our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss).

## Income Taxes

Deferred  income  tax  assets  and  liabilities  reflect  temporary  differences  between  the  tax  basis  and  financial  reporting basis  of  our  assets  and  liabilities  and  are  determined  using  the  tax  rates  and  laws  in  effect  for  the  periods  in  which  the differences are expected to reverse. We periodically assess the realizability of deferred tax assets and the adequacy of deferred tax liabilities, based on the results of local, state, federal or foreign statutory tax audits or our own estimates and judgments.

Realization  of  deferred  tax  assets  associated  with  net  operating  loss  and  tax  credit  carryforwards  is  dependent  upon generating  sufficient  taxable  income  prior  to  their  expiration  in  the  applicable  tax  jurisdiction.  We  periodically  review  the recoverability of our deferred tax assets and provide valuation allowances as deemed necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to amounts that more-likely-than-not will be realized. This determination involves considerable judgment and our management considers  many  factors  when  assessing  the  likelihood  of  future  realization  of  deferred  tax  assets,  including  recent  earnings results within various taxing jurisdictions, expectations of future taxable income, the carryforward periods remaining and other factors. Changes in the required valuation allowance are recorded in income in the period such determination is made. Deferred tax assets could be reduced in the future if our estimates of taxable income during the carryforward period are significantly reduced or alternative tax strategies are no longer viable.

We recognize the impact of an uncertain income tax position taken on our income tax returns at the largest amount that is more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon audit by the relevant taxing authority. The effect of an uncertain income tax position will not be taken into account if the position has less than a 50% likelihood of being sustained. Our tax positions are analyzed periodically (at least quarterly) and adjustments are made as events occur that warrant adjustments to those positions. We record interest and penalties payable to relevant tax authorities as income tax expense.

In  response  to  the  COVID-19  pandemic,  local  governments  enacted,  or  are  in  the  process  of  enacting,  measures  to provide aid and economic stimulus to companies. On March 27, 2020, the United States government enacted the Coronavirus Aid,  Relief  and  Economic  Security  Act  (the  'CARES  Act'),  which  includes  various  tax  provisions  aimed  at  providing economic  relief.  We  realized  a  slight  favorable  cash  flow  impact  in  Fiscal  2021  as  a  result  of  the  deferral  of  income  tax payments under the CARES Act and other local government relief initiatives. We also considered the significant adverse impact of COVID-19 on our business in assessing the realizability of our deferred tax assets. Based on this assessment, we determined that valuation allowances of approximately $65 million were needed against a portion of our non-United States deferred tax assets in Fiscal 2020 which increased to $95 million in Fiscal 2021 and during Fiscal 2022 decreased to $36 million. We will continue to monitor the impacts of COVID-19 on our ability to realize our deferred tax assets and on the tax provision. Another provision of the CARES Act applicable to us is the modification to allow for a five-year carryback of net operating losses. We recognized a $13 million benefit from a net operating loss ('NOL') carryback claim in Fiscal 2021, which represented our provisional  estimate  at  that  time.  During  Fiscal  2022,  we  finalized  our  accounting  for  the  carryback  and  recognized  an additional $43 million income tax benefit.

## New Accounting Pronouncements

Please refer to Note 2 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for detailed information relating to recently adopted and recently issued accounting pronouncements and the associated impacts.

## Results of Operations

A  discussion  regarding  our  results  of  operations  for  Fiscal  2022  compared  to  Fiscal  2021  is  presented  below.  A discussion regarding our results of operations for Fiscal 2021 compared to Fiscal 2020 can be found under Item 7 in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 27, 2021, filed with the SEC on May 26, 2021, which is available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov and our investor website at www.capriholdings.com.

## Comparison of Fiscal 2022 with Fiscal 2021

The following table details the results of our operations for Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 and expresses the relationship of certain line items to total revenue as a percentage (dollars in millions):

| Fiscal Years Ended  $ Change  % Change  % of Total  Revenue for  Fiscal 2022  % of Total  Revenue for  Fiscal 2021  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  Statements of Operations Data:  Total revenue  $  5,654  $  4,060  $  1,594  39.3 %  Cost of goods sold  1,910  1,463  447  30.6 %  33.8 %  36.0 %  Gross profit  3,744  2,597  1,147  44.2 %  66.2 %  64.0 %  Selling, general and administrative expenses  2,533  2,018  515  25.5 %  44.8 %  49.7 %  Depreciation and amortization  193  212  (19)  (9.0)  %  3.4 %  5.2 %  Impairment of assets  73  316  (243)  (76.9)  %  1.3 %  7.8 %  Restructuring and other charges  42  32  10  31.3 %  0.7 %  0.8 %  Total operating expenses  2,841  2,578  263  10.2 %  50.2 %  63.5 %  Income from operations  903  19  884  NM  16.0 %  0.5 %  Other income, net  (2)  (7)  5  71.4 %  - %  (0.2)  %  Interest (income) expense, net  (18)  43  (61)  NM  (0.3)  %  1.1 %  Foreign currency loss (gain)  8  (20)  28  NM  0.1 %  (0.5)  %  Income before provision for income taxes  915  3  912  NM  16.2 %  0.1 %  Provision for income taxes  92  66  26  39.4 %  1.6 %  1.6 %  Net income (loss)  823  (63)  886  NM  Less: Net income (loss) attributable to  noncontrolling interests  1  (1)  2  NM  Net income (loss) attributable to Capri  $  822  $  (62)  $  884  NM   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NM   Not meaningful

## Total Revenue

Total revenue increased $1.594 billion, or 39.3%, to $5.654 billion for Fiscal 2022, compared to $4.060 billion for Fiscal 2021, which included net favorable foreign currency effects of $25 million primarily related to the strengthening of the British Pound against the  United  States  dollar  in  Fiscal  2022,  as  compared  to  Fiscal  2021.  On  a  constant  currency  basis,  our  total revenue  increased  $1.569  billion,  or  38.6%.  The  increase  is  attributable  to  the  continued  recovery  from  the  COVID-19 pandemic. In the prior fiscal year, the Company experienced widespread, temporary store closures and a significant decline in store traffic. Fiscal 2022 also included approximately $70 million of incremental revenue attributable to the inclusion of the 53rd week.

## Gross Profit

Gross profit increased $1.147 billion, or 44.2%, to $3.744 billion during Fiscal 2022, compared to $2.597 billion for Fiscal 2021, which included net favorable foreign currency effects of $5 million. Gross profit as a percentage of total revenue increased 220 basis points to 66.2% during Fiscal 2022, compared to 64.0% during Fiscal 2021. The increase in gross profit margin was primarily attributable to a higher average unit price and lower promotional activity, partially offset by increases in supply chain costs and unfavorable channel mix.

## Total Operating Expenses

Total operating expenses increased $263 million, or 10.2%, to $2.841 billion during Fiscal 2022, compared to $2.578 billion  for  Fiscal  2021.  Our  operating  expenses  included  a  net  unfavorable  foreign  currency  impact  of  approximately  $2 million. Total operating expenses as a percentage of total revenue decreased to 50.2% in Fiscal 2022, compared to 63.5% in Fiscal 2021. The components that comprise total operating expenses are detailed below.

## Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

Selling,  general  and  administrative  expenses  increased  $515  million,  or  25.5%,  to  $2.533  billion  during  Fiscal  2022, compared  to  $2.018  billion  for  Fiscal  2021,  primarily  due  to  increased  retail  store,  e-commerce,  corporate  and  marketing expenses during Fiscal 2022.

Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenue decreased to 44.8% during Fiscal 2022, compared to 49.7% for Fiscal 2021, primarily due to leveraging of operating expenses as a result of higher revenue.

Unallocated corporate expenses, which are included within selling, general and administrative expenses discussed above, but  are  not  directly  attributable  to  a  reportable  segment,  increased  $38  million,  or  25.0%,  to  $190  million  for  Fiscal  2022, compared  to  $152  million  for  Fiscal  2021,  primarily  due  to  an  increase  in  professional  fees  related  to  the  ERP  system implementation and Capri transformation projects and an increase in compensation expense.

## Depreciation and Amortization

Depreciation and amortization decreased $19 million, or 9.0%, to $193 million during Fiscal 2022, compared to $212 million for Fiscal 2021. The decrease in depreciation and amortization expense was primarily attributable to lower depreciation due  to  lower  capital  expenditures  in  Fiscal  2022  and  Fiscal  2021.  Depreciation  and  amortization  decreased  to  3.4%  as  a percentage of total  revenue  during  Fiscal  2022,  compared  to  5.2%  for  Fiscal  2021  primarily  due  to  higher  revenues  during Fiscal 2022.

## Impairment of Assets

During  Fiscal  2022,  we  recognized  asset  impairment  charges  of  $73  million,  primarily  related  to  the  impairment  of operating lease right-of-use assets. During Fiscal 2021, we recognized asset impairment charges of approximately $316 million, primarily  related  to  the  impairment  of  Jimmy  Choo  goodwill  and  its  brand  intangible  assets,  as  well  as  the  impairment  of operating  lease  right-of-use  assets  (see  Note  13  to  the  accompanying  consolidated  financial  statements  for  additional information).

## Restructuring and Other Charges

During  Fiscal  2022,  we  recognized  restructuring  and  other  charges  of  $42  million,  which  included  other  costs  of $33 million, primarily related to equity awards associated with the acquisition of Versace and severance for an executive officer and $9 million related to our Capri Retail Store Optimization Program (see Note 10 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information).

During  Fiscal  2021,  we  recognized  restructuring  and  other  charges  of  $32  million,  which  included  other  costs  of $27 million, primarily related to equity awards associated with the acquisition of Versace and the closure of certain corporate locations and $5 million related to our Capri Retail Store Optimization Program.

## Income from Operations

As  a  result  of  the  foregoing,  income  from  operations  increased  $884  million  to  $903  million  during  Fiscal  2022, compared to $19 million for Fiscal 2021. Income from operations as a percentage of total revenue increased to 16.0% in Fiscal 2022, compared to 0.5% in Fiscal 2021. See Segment Information above for a reconciliation of our segment operating income to total operating income.

## Interest (Income) Expense, net

During Fiscal 2022, we recognized $18 million of interest income compared to $43 million of interest expense during Fiscal 2021. The $61 million improvement in interest (income) expense, net, is primarily due to an increase of interest income from higher average notional amounts outstanding on our net investment hedges in the current year and a decrease in interest expense  attributable  to  lower  average  borrowings  outstanding  (see  Note  11  and  Note  14  to  the  accompanying  consolidated financial statements for additional information).

## Foreign Currency (Gain) Loss

During Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, we recognized a net foreign currency loss of $8 million and a net foreign currency gain  of  $20  million,  respectively,  primarily  attributable  to  the  remeasurement  of  intercompany  loans  with  certain  of  our subsidiaries.

## Provision for Income Taxes

During Fiscal 2022, we recognized $92 million of income tax expense on pre-tax income of $915 million compared with $66 million of income tax expense on a pre-tax income of $3 million for Fiscal 2021. Our effective tax rate for Fiscal 2022 was significantly lower than our effective tax rate in Fiscal 2021, and not a meaningful or comparable metric, primarily due to the relationship between our income tax expense and minimal pre-tax income in the prior year as compared to the current year. The Fiscal 2022 income tax expense was higher than Fiscal 2021 primarily due to the increase in pre-tax income and increases in uncertain tax positions during Fiscal 2022. The increase was partially offset by a release of a valuation allowance in certain European subsidiaries, the impact of recently enacted tax legislation in Italy which allowed the Company to reduce its deferred tax liabilities, as well as a more favorable effect of our global financing activities during Fiscal 2022 compared to Fiscal 2021. As a result, the effect that discrete tax amounts have on the effective income tax rate during the year is not comparable. See Note 17 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information.

The global financing activities are related to our previously disclosed 2014 move of our principal executive office from Hong  Kong  to  the  U.K.  and  decision  to  become  a  U.K.  tax  resident.  In  connection  with  this  decision,  we  funded  our international growth strategy through intercompany debt financing arrangements between certain of our United States, United Kingdom  and  Hungarian  subsidiaries.  Accordingly,  due  to  the  difference  in  the  statutory  income  tax  rates  between  these jurisdictions, we realized a lower effective tax rate on consolidated pre-tax income.

Our effective tax rate may fluctuate from time to time due to the effects of changes in United States state and local taxes and tax rates in foreign jurisdictions. In addition, factors such as the geographic mix of earnings, enacted tax legislation and the results of various global tax strategies, may also impact our effective tax rate in future periods.

## Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest

During Fiscal 2022, we recorded net income attributable to noncontrolling interest of $1 million and during Fiscal 2021, we recorded a net loss of $1 million, attributable to the noncontrolling interest in our joint ventures. These amounts represent the share of income (loss) that is not attributable to the Company.

## Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Capri

As a result of the foregoing, during Fiscal 2022 our net income attributable to Capri increased $884 million to $822 million, compared to a net loss of $62 million for Fiscal 2021.

## Segment Information

## Versace

| Fiscal Years Ended  % Change  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  $ Change  As Reported  Constant  Currency  Revenues  $  1,088  $  718  $  370  51.5 %  52.8 %  Income from operations  185  21  164  NM  Operating margin  17.0 %  2.9 %   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

NM   Not meaningful

## Revenues

Versace revenues increased $370 million, or 51.5%, to $1.088 billion for Fiscal 2022, compared to $718 million for Fiscal 2021, which included unfavorable foreign currency effects of $9 million. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased $379 million, or 52.8%, primarily attributable to the continued recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic. In the prior fiscal year, the Company experienced widespread, temporary store closures and a significant decline in store traffic.

## Income from Operations

During Fiscal 2022, Versace recorded income from operations of $185 million compared to $21 million for Fiscal 2021. Operating margin increased from 2.9% for Fiscal 2021 to 17.0% for Fiscal 2022, primarily due to a higher average unit price and leveraging of operating expenses due to higher revenue.

## Jimmy Choo

| Fiscal Years Ended  % Change  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  $ Change  As Reported  Constant  Currency  Revenues  $  613  $  418  $  195  46.7 %  40.4 %  Income (loss) from operations  13  (55)  68  NM  Operating margin  2.1 %  (13.2)  %   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

NM   Not meaningful

## Revenues

Jimmy Choo revenues increased $195 million, or 46.7%, to $613 million for Fiscal 2022, compared to $418 million for Fiscal 2021, which included favorable foreign currency effects of $26 million. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased $169 million, or 40.4%, primarily attributable to the continued recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic. In the prior fiscal year, the  Company  experienced  widespread,  temporary  store  closures  and  a  significant  decline  in  store  traffic.  Fiscal  2022  also included incremental revenue attributable to the inclusion of the 53rd week.

## Income (Loss) from Operations

During Fiscal 2022, Jimmy Choo recorded income from operations of $13 million compared to a loss from operations of $55 million for Fiscal 2021. Operating margin improved from (13.2)% for Fiscal 2021 to 2.1% for Fiscal 2022, primarily due to a higher average unit price and leveraging of operating expenses due to higher revenue.

## Michael Kors

| Fiscal Years Ended  % Change  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  $ Change  As Reported  Constant  Currency  Revenues  $  3,953  $  2,924  $  1,029  35.2 %  34.9 %  Income from operations  1,005  595  410  68.9 %  Operating margin  25.4 %  20.3 %   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Revenues

Michael Kors revenues increased $1.029 billion, or 35.2%, to $3.953 billion for Fiscal 2022, compared to $2.924 billion for  Fiscal  2021,  which  included  favorable  foreign  currency  effects  of  $8  million.  On  a  constant  currency  basis,  revenue increased $1.021 billion, or 34.9%, primarily attributable to the continued recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic. In the prior fiscal year, the Company experienced widespread, temporary store closures and a significant decline in store traffic. Fiscal 2022 also included incremental revenue attributable to the inclusion of the 53rd week.

## Income from Operations

During  Fiscal  2022,  Michael  Kors  recorded  income  from  operations  of  $1.005  billion  compared  to  $595  million  for Fiscal  2021.  Operating  margin  increased  from  20.3%  for  Fiscal  2021  to  25.4%  for  Fiscal  2022,  primarily  due  to  a  higher average unit price and leveraging of operating expenses due to higher revenue, partially offset by increases in supply chain costs.

## Liquidity and Capital Resources

Our  primary  sources  of  liquidity  are  the  cash  flows  generated  from  our  operations,  along  with  borrowings  available under  our  credit  facilities  (see  below  discussion  regarding  'Revolving  Credit  Facilities')  and  available  cash  and  cash equivalents. Our primary use of this liquidity is to fund the ongoing cash requirements, including our working capital needs and capital  investments  in  our  business,  debt  repayments,  acquisitions,  returns  of  capital,  including  share  repurchases  and  other corporate  activities.  We  believe  that  the  cash  generated  from  our  operations,  together  with  borrowings  available  under  our revolving credit facilities and available cash and cash equivalents, will be sufficient to meet our working capital needs for the next  12  months  and  beyond,  including  investments  made  and  expenses  incurred  in  connection  with  our  store  growth  plans, investments in corporate and distribution facilities, continued systems development, e-commerce and marketing initiatives. We spent $131 million on capital expenditures during Fiscal 2022 and expect to spend approximately $300 million during Fiscal 2023. This anticipated increase reflects continued expenditures related to our retail operations (including e-commerce), ERP system implementation and Capri transformation programs. The majority of the Fiscal 2022 expenditures related to our retail operations (including e-commerce) and our corporate offices.

The following table sets forth key indicators of our liquidity and capital resources (in millions):

| As of  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  Balance Sheet Data:  Cash and cash equivalents  $  169  $  232  Working capital  $  325  $  (75)  Total assets  $  7,480  $  7,481  Short-term debt  $  29  $  123  Long-term debt  $  1,131  $  1,219  Fiscal Years Ended  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  March 28,  2020  Cash flows provided by (used in):  Operating activities  $  704  $  624  $  859  Investing activities  58  (124)  62  Financing activities  (800)  (870)  (497)  Effect of exchange rate changes  (24)  12  (4)  Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and  restricted cash  $  (62)  $  (358)  $  420   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Cash Provided by Operating Activities

Cash provided by operating activities increased $80 million to $704 million during Fiscal 2022, as compared to $624 million for Fiscal 2021, which was due to an increase in our net income after non-cash adjustments, partially offset by decreases related to changes in our working capital. The decreases related to the changes in our working capital are primarily attributable to an increase in our inventory levels and fluctuations in the timing of payments and receipts when compared to the prior year.

Cash provided by operating activities decreased $235 million to $624 million during Fiscal 2021, as compared to $859 million  for  Fiscal  2020,  which  was  due  to  a  decrease  in  our  net  income  after  non-cash  adjustments,  primarily  driven  by  a decrease  in  impairments  and  a  decrease  in  net  loss,  partially  offset  by  increases  related  to  changes  in  our  working  capital, primarily attributable to fluctuations in the timing of payments and receipts due to the impact of COVID-19.

## Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities

Net cash provided by investing activities was $58 million during Fiscal 2022, as compared to net cash used in investing activities of $124 million during Fiscal 2021. The $182 million increase in cash provided by investing activities was primarily attributable to $189 million cash received on the settlement of certain net investment hedges during Fiscal 2022.

Net cash used in investing activities was $124 million during Fiscal 2021, as compared to net cash provided by investing activities  of  $62  million  during  Fiscal  2020.  The  $186  million  increase  in  cash  used  in  investing  activities  was  primarily attributable  to  a  $298  million  settlement  of  net  investment  hedges  during  Fiscal  2020,  partially  offset  by  a  $112  million decrease in capital expenditures compared to Fiscal 2020.

## Cash Used in Financing Activities

Net cash used in financing activities was $800 million during Fiscal 2022, as compared to $870 million during Fiscal 2021. The decrease in cash used by financing activities of $70 million was primarily due to a decrease in net debt repayments of $681 million, higher cash proceeds from other financing activities and employee option exercises, partially offset by an increase of $660 million in cash payments to repurchase our ordinary shares during Fiscal 2022.

Net cash used in financing activities was $870 million during Fiscal 2021, as compared to $497 million during Fiscal 2020. The increase in cash used by financing activities of $373 million was primarily due to an increase in net debt repayments of $474 million, partially offset by a decrease of $101 million in cash payments to repurchase our ordinary shares during Fiscal 2021.

## Debt Facilities

The following table presents a summary of the Company's borrowing capacity and amounts outstanding as of April 2, 2022 and March 27, 2021 (dollars in millions):

| Fiscal Years Ended  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility:  Revolving Credit Facility (excluding up to a $500 million accordion feature)  (1)  Total Availability  $  1,000  $  1,000  Borrowings outstanding  (2)  175  -  Letter of credit outstanding  21  27  Remaining availability  $  804  $  973  Term Loan Facility ($1.6 billion)  Borrowings Outstanding, net of debt issuance costs  (2)  $  495  $  865  Remaining availability  $  -  $  -  364 Credit Facility ($230 million)  Total availability  $  -  $  230  Remaining availability  $  -  $  230  Senior Notes due 2024  Borrowings Outstanding, net of debt issuance costs and discount amortization  (2)  $  448  $  447  Other Borrowings  (3)  $  42  $  21  Hong Kong Uncommitted Credit Facility:  Total availability (80 million and 100 million Hong Kong Dollar)  (4)  $  10  $  13  Borrowings outstanding  -  -  Remaining availability (80 million and 100 million Hong Kong Dollar)  $  10  $  13  China Uncommitted Credit Facility:  Total availability (45 million and 100 million Chinese Yuan)  (4)  $  7  $  15  Borrowings outstanding  -  $  -  Remaining availability (45 million and 100 million Chinese Yuan)  $  7  $  15  Japan Credit Facility:  Total availability (1.0 billion Japanese Yen)  $  8  $  9  Borrowings outstanding (0.0 billion and 1.0 billion Japanese Yen)  (5)  -  9  Remaining availability (1.0 billion and 0.0 billion Japanese Yen)  $  8  $  -  Versace Uncommitted Credit Facility:  Total availability (48 million and 57 million Euro)  (4)  $  52  $  67  Borrowings outstanding (0 million Euro)  -  -  Remaining availability (48 million and 57 million Euro)  $  52  $  67  Total borrowings outstanding  (1)  $  1,160  $  1,342  Total remaining availability  $  881  $  1,298   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) The financial covenant in our 2018 Credit Facility requiring us to maintain a ratio of the sum of total indebtedness plus  the  capitalized  amount  of  all  operating  lease  obligations  for  the  last  four  fiscal  quarters  to  Consolidated EBITDAR of no greater than 3.75 to 1 was previously waived through the fiscal quarter ending June 26, 2021. We terminated the waiver period effective May 26, 2021. Effective as of that date, the Company was required to comply with the quarterly maximum net leverage ratio test of 4.00 to 1.0. As of April 2, 2022 and March 27, 2021, we were

in compliance with all covenants related to our agreements then in effect governing our debt.

- (2) As of April 2, 2022, all amounts are recorded as long-term debt in our consolidated balance sheets. As of March 27, 2021, all amounts were recorded as long-term debt, except for the current portion of $97 million outstanding under the 2018 Term Loan Facility, which was recorded within short-term debt in our consolidated balance sheets.
- (3) The balance as of April 2, 2022 consists of $21 million related to our supplier finance program recorded within short-term debt in our consolidated balance sheets, $18 million related to the sale of certain Versace tax receivables, with  $8  million  and  $10  million,  respectively,  recorded  within  short-term  debt  and  long-term  debt  in  our consolidated balance sheets and $3 million of other loans recorded as long-term debt in our consolidated balance sheets. The balance as of March 27, 2021 consists of $17 million related to our supplier finance program recorded within short term debt in our consolidated balance sheets and $4 million of other loans recorded as long-term debt in our consolidated balance sheets.
- (4) The  balance  as  of  April  2,  2022  represents  the  total  availability  of  the  credit  facility,  which  excludes  bank guarantees.

(5) Recorded as short-term debt in our consolidated balance sheets as of March 27, 2021.

We believe  that  our  2018  Credit  Facility  is  adequately  diversified  with  no  undue  concentration  in  any  one  financial institution.  As  of  April  2,  2022,  there  were  25  financial  institutions  participating  in  the  facility,  with  none  maintaining  a maximum commitment percentage in excess of 10%. We have no reason to believe that the participating institutions will be unable to fulfill their obligations to provide financing in accordance with the terms of the 2018 Credit Facility.

See  Note  11  in  the  accompanying  consolidated  financial  statements  for  detailed  information  relating  to  our  credit facilities and debt obligations.

## Share Repurchase Program

The following table presents our treasury share repurchases during the fiscal years ended April 2, 2022 and March 27, 2021 (dollars in millions):

| Fiscal Years Ended  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  Cost of shares repurchased under share repurchase program  $  650  $  -  Fair value of shares withheld to cover tax obligations for vested restricted share awards  11  1  Total cost of treasury shares repurchased  $  661  $  1  Shares repurchased under share repurchase program  11,014,541  -  Shares withheld to cover tax withholding obligations  203,863  48,528  11,218,404  48,528   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the first quarter of Fiscal 2021, the Company suspended its $500 million share-repurchase program in response to the  continued  impact  of  the  COVID-19  pandemic.  See  Note  15  in  the  accompanying  financial  statements  for  additional information.

On  November  3,  2021,  we  announced  that  our  Board  of  Directors  had  terminated  our  existing  $500  million  share repurchase  program  (the  'Prior  Plan'),  with  $250  million  of  availability  remaining,  and  authorized  a  new  share  repurchase program (the 'Fiscal 2022 Plan') pursuant to which we may, from time to time, repurchase up to $1.0 billion of our outstanding ordinary  shares  within  a  period  of  two  years  from  the  effective  date  of  the  program.  As  of  April  2,  2022,  the  remaining availability  under  the  Fiscal  2022  Plan  was  $500  million.  Share  repurchases  may  be  made  in  open  market  or  privately negotiated  transactions,  subject  to  market  conditions,  applicable  legal  requirements,  trading  transactions  under  our  insider trading policy and other relevant factors. The program may be suspended or discontinued at any time.

On June 1, 2022, we announced that its Board of Directors has terminated our Fiscal 2022 Plan, with $500 million of availability  remaining,  and  authorized  a  new  share  repurchase  program  pursuant  to  which  we  may,  from  time  to  time, repurchase  up  to  $1.0  billion  of  our  outstanding  ordinary  shares  within  period  of  two  years  from  the  effective  date  of  the program. Share repurchases may be made in open market or privately negotiated transactions, subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements, trading restrictions under our insider trading policy and other relevant factors. The program may be suspended or discontinued at any time.

See Note 15 and Note 20 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information.

## Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments

As of April 2, 2022, our contractual obligations and commercial commitments were as follows (in millions):

| Fiscal Years  Fiscal 2023  Fiscal  2024-2025  Fiscal  2026-2027  Fiscal 2028  and thereafter  Total  Operating leases  $  482  $  734  $  422  $  426  $  2,064  Interest, net  (1)  -  -  -  -  -  Inventory purchase obligations  1,016  -  -  -  1,016  Other commitments  77  26  5  -  108  Short-term debt  29  -  -  -  29  Long-term debt  -  1,135  -  -  1,135  Total  $  1,604  $  1,895  $  427  $  426  $  4,352   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Beginning in Fiscal 2023, we will be in an interest income position, therefore we would not have interest expense obligations due through the above periods.

Operating  lease  obligations represent  equipment  leases  and  the  minimum  lease  rental  payments  due  under  noncancelable operating leases for our real estate locations globally. In addition to the above amounts, we are typically required to pay real estate taxes, contingent rent based on sales volume and other occupancy costs relating to leased properties for our retail stores.

Interest, net represents the estimated net interest expense associated with our term loan based on the current interest rate and interest from our interest rate swap. It also includes the estimated net interest income from our net investment hedges.

Inventory purchase obligations represent contractual obligations for future purchases of inventory.

Other  commitments include  non-cancelable  contractual  obligations  related  to  marketing  and  advertising  agreements, information technology agreements and supply agreements.

The above table excludes current liabilities (other than short-term debt and short-term operating lease liabilities) recorded as of April 2, 2022, as these items will be paid within one year, and non-current liabilities that have no cash outflows associated with them (e.g., deferred taxes).

## Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

We have not created, and are not party to, any special-purpose or off-balance sheet entities for the purpose of raising capital,  incurring  debt  or  operating  our  business.  In  addition  to  the  commitments  in  the  above  table,  our  off-balance  sheet commitments relating to our outstanding letters of credit were $36 million at April 2, 2022, including $15 million in letters of credit issued outside of the 2018 Credit Facility. In addition, as of April 2, 2022, bank guarantees of approximately $30 million were supported by our various credit facilities. We do not have any other off-balance sheet arrangements or relationships with entities that are not consolidated into our financial statements that have or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future  effect  on  our  financial  condition,  changes  in  financial  condition,  revenues,  expenses,  results  of  operations,  liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.

## Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

We are exposed to certain market risks during the normal course of our business, such as risk arising from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, as well as fluctuations in interest rates. In order to manage these risks, we employ certain strategies to mitigate the effect of these fluctuations. We enter into foreign currency forward contracts to manage our foreign currency exposure to the fluctuations of certain foreign currencies. The use of these instruments primarily helps to manage our exposure to our foreign purchase commitments and better control our product costs. We do not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes.

## Foreign Currency Exchange Risk

## Forward Foreign Currency Exchange Contracts

We are exposed to risks on certain purchase commitments to foreign suppliers based on the value of our purchasing subsidiaries' local currency relative to the currency requirement of the supplier on the date of the commitment. As such, we enter into forward currency exchange contracts that generally mature in 12 months or less and are consistent with the related purchase  commitments,  to  manage  our  exposure  to  the  changes  in  the  value  of  the  Euro  and  the  Canadian  dollar.  These contracts are recorded at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets as either an asset or liability, and are derivative contracts to  hedge  cash  flow  risks.  Certain  of  these  contracts  are  designated  as  hedges  for  hedge  accounting  purposes,  while  other contracts are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes. Accordingly, the changes in the fair value of the majority of these  contracts  at  the  balance  sheet  date  are  recorded  in  our  equity  as  a  component  of  accumulated  other  comprehensive income, and upon maturity (settlement) are recorded in, or reclassified into, our cost of goods sold or operating expenses, in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), as applicable to the transactions for which the forward currency exchange contracts were established.

We perform a sensitivity analysis on our forward currency contracts, both designated and not designated as hedges for accounting purposes, to determine the effects of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. For this sensitivity analysis, we assume a hypothetical change in United States dollar against foreign exchange rates. Based on all foreign currency exchange contracts outstanding as of April 2, 2022, a 10% appreciation or devaluation of the United States dollar compared to the level of foreign currency exchange rates for currencies under contract as of April 2, 2022, would result in a potential net increase and decrease upon settlement of approximately $15 million in the fair value of these contracts.

## Net Investment Hedges

We are  exposed  to  adverse  foreign  currency  exchange  rate  movements  related  to  our  net  investment  hedges.  As  of April 2, 2022, we have multiple fixed to fixed cross-currency swap agreements with aggregate notional amounts of $4 billion to hedge our net investment in Euro-denominated subsidiaries and $194 million to hedge our net investments in Japanese Yendenominated subsidiaries  against  future  volatility  in  the  exchange  rates  between  the  United  States  dollar  and  this  currency. Under the term of these contracts, we will exchange the semi-annual fixed rate payments on United States denominated debt for fixed  rate  payments  of  0%  to  3.565%  in  Euros  and  0%  to  3.408%  in  Japanese  Yen.  Based  on  the  net  investment  hedges outstanding as of April 2, 2022, a 10% appreciation or devaluation of the United States dollar compared to the level of foreign currency exchange rates for currencies under contract as of April 2, 2022, would result in a potential net increase or decrease upon settlement of approximately $432 million in the fair value of this contract, which include mandatory early termination dates between August 2025 and February 2026, while the remaining contracts have maturity dates between March 2024 and February  2051.  In  addition,  certain  other  contracts  are  supported  by  a  credit  support  annex  ('CSA')  which  provides  for collateral exchange with the earliest effective date being November 2023. If the outstanding position of a contract exceeds a certain threshold governed by the aforementioned CSA's, either party is required to post cash collateral.

## Interest Rate Risk

We are exposed to interest rate risk in relation to borrowings outstanding under our 2018 Term Loan Facility, our Credit Facility,  our  Hong  Kong  Credit  Facility,  our  Japan  Credit  Facility  and  our  Versace  Credit  Facilities.  Our  2018  Term  Loan Facility carries interest at a rate that is based on LIBOR. Our 2018 Credit Facility carries interest rates that are tied to LIBOR and the prime rate, among other institutional lending rates (depending on the particular origination of borrowing), as further described in Note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Our Hong Kong Credit Facility carries interest at a rate that is tied to the Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate. Our China Credit Facility carries interest at a rate that is tied to the People's Bank of China's Benchmark lending rate. Our Japan Credit Facility carries interest at a rate posted by the Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group. Our Versace Credit Facility carries interest at a rate set by the bank on the date of borrowing that is tied to the European Central Bank. Therefore, our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) and cash flows are exposed to changes in those interest rates. At April 2, 2022, we had $175 million borrowings outstanding under our Revolving Credit Facility, $495 million, net of debt issuance costs, outstanding under our 2018 Term Loan Facility and no borrowings outstanding under our Versace Credit Facilities. At March 27, 2021, we had no borrowings outstanding under our Revolving Credit Facility, $865 million, net of debt issuance costs, outstanding under our 2018 Term Loan Facility and no borrowings outstanding under our Versace Credit Facility. These balances are not indicative of future balances that may be outstanding  under  our  revolving  credit  facilities  that  may  be  subject  to  fluctuations  in  interest  rates.  Any  increases  in  the applicable interest rate(s) would cause an increase to the interest expense relative to any outstanding balance at that date.

## Credit Risk

As of April 2, 2022, our $450 million Senior Notes, due in 2024, bear interest at a fixed rate equal to 4.500% per year, payable  semi-annually.  Our  Senior  Notes  interest  rate  payable  may  be  subject  to  adjustments  from  time  to  time  if  either Moody's or  S&amp;P  (or  a  substitute  rating  agency),  downgrades  (or  downgrades  and  subsequently  upgrades)  the  credit  rating assigned to the Senior Notes. See Note 20 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information.

## Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

See  'Item  15.  Exhibits  and  Financial  Statement  Schedules'  for  a  listing  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  and supplementary data included in this report.

## Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

Not applicable.

## Item 9A. Controls and Procedures

## Disclosure Controls and Procedures

We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, respectively, of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a - 15(e) and 15(d) - 15(e) under  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Act  of  1934,  as  amended,  (the  'Exchange  Act'))  as  of  April  2,  2022.  Based  on  the evaluation,  the  Chief  Executive  Officer  and  Chief  Financial  Officer  concluded  that  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  are effective as of April 2, 2022.

## Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined under the Exchange Act Rule 13a-15 (f)) to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and that the consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Such internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately  and  fairly  reflect  the  transactions  and  dispositions  of  the  assets;  (ii)  provide  reasonable  assurance  (A)  that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors; and (B) regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of April 2, 2022. In making this assessment, it used the criteria set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations  of  the  Treadway  Commission  (COSO),  the  2013  Framework.  Based  on  this  assessment,  management  has determined that, as of April 2, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria.

The  Company's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  as  of  April  2,  2022,  as  well  as  the  consolidated  financial statements,  have  been  audited  by  Ernst  &amp;  Young  LLP,  an  independent  registered  public  accounting  firm,  as  stated  in  their report which appears herein.

## Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Except as discussed below, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended April 2, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

We are currently undertaking a major, multi-year ERP implementation to upgrade our information technology platforms and systems worldwide. The implementation is occurring in phases over multiple years. We have launched the Michael Kors Finance functionality on the ERP system in North America in the first quarter of Fiscal 2023.

As a result of this multi-year implementation, we expect certain changes to our processes and procedures, which in turn, could result in changes to our internal control over financial reporting. While we expect this implementation to strengthen our internal  control  over  financial  reporting  by  automating  certain  manual  processes  and  standardizing  business  processes  and reporting  across  our  organization,  we  will  continue  to  evaluate  and  monitor  our  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  as processes and procedures in the affected areas evolve. See Item 1A. 'Risk Factors' - 'A material delay or disruption in our information  technology  systems  or  e-commerce  websites  or  our  failure  or  inability  to  upgrade  our  information  technology systems  precisely  and  efficiently  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our  business,  results  of  operations  and  financial condition. '

## Item 9B. Other Information

As previously  announced,  the  Board  of  Directors  of  the  Company  approved  a  retail  store  optimization  program  (the 'Capri Retail Store Optimization Program') to improve the profitability of its retail store fleet. During the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2022, the Company completed its plan to close certain retail stores as a part of Capri Retail Store Optimization Program. The Company closed a total of 167 of its retail stores, with 66 and 101 stores having closed during Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, respectively.  Net  restructuring  charges  recorded  in  connection  with  the  Capri  Retail  Store  Optimization  Program  was $14  million,  of  which  $9  million  and  $5  million  was  recorded  during  Fiscal  2022  and  Fiscal  2021,  respectively.  Net restructuring charges recorded in connection with the Capri Retail Store Optimization Program were $3 million during the three months ended April 2, 2022.

This disclosure is intended to satisfy the requirements of Item 2.05 of Form 8-K.

## Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

Information with respect to this Item is included in the Company's Proxy Statement to be filed in June 2022, which is incorporated herein by reference.

## Item 11. Executive Compensation

Information with respect to this Item is included in the Company's Proxy Statement to be filed in June 2022, which is incorporated herein by reference.

## Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

The following table sets forth information as of April 2, 2022 regarding compensation plans under which the Company's equity securities are authorized for issuance:

| Equity Compensation Plan Information  (a)  (b)  (c)  Plan category  Number of securities to  be issued upon  exercise of outstanding  options, warrants and  rights  Weighted-average  exercise price of  outstanding options,  warrants and rights  (2)  Number of securities  remaining available for  future issuance under  equity compensation  plans (excluding  securities reflected in  column (a))  Equity compensation plans approved by security holders  (1)  4,393,340  $  39.96  4,062,239  Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders  -  $  -  -  Total  4,393,340  $  39.96  4,062,239   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Reflects  share  options  and  restricted  stock  units  issued  under  the  Company's  Amended  and  Restated  Omnibus Incentive Plan.

(2) Represents the weighted average exercise price of outstanding share awards only.

## Item 13. Certain Relationships, Related Transactions and Director Independence

Information with respect to this Item is included in the Company's Proxy Statement to be filed in June 2022, which is incorporated herein by reference.

## Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services

Information with respect to this Item is included in the Company's Proxy Statement to be filed in June 2022, which is incorporated herein by reference.

## Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

- (a) The following documents are filed as part of this annual report on Form 10-K:
1. The following consolidated financial statements listed below are filed as a separate section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K:

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Ernst &amp; Young LLP (PCAOB ID No. 42).

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of April 2, 2022 and March 27, 2021.

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the fiscal years ended April 2, 2022, March 27, 2021 and March 28, 2020.

Consolidated  Statements  of  Shareholders'  Equity  for  the  fiscal  years  ended  April  2,  2022, March 27, 2021 and March 28, 2020.

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended April 2, 2022, March 27, 2021 and March 28, 2020.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the fiscal years ended April 2, 2022, March 27, 2021 and March 28, 2020.

## EXHIBIT INDEX

| Exhibit  No.  Document Description  2.1  Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2018, by and among Allegra Donata Versace Beck, Donatella  Versace, Santo Versace, Borgo Luxembourg S.À R.L., Blackstone GPV Capital Partners (Mauritius) VI-D FDI Ltd.,  Blackstone  GPV  Tactical  Partners  (Mauritius)-N  Ltd.  and  Capri  Holdings  Limited  (f/k/a  Michael  Kors  Holdings  Limited)  (included  as  Exhibit  2.1  to  the  Company's  Current  Report  on  Form  8-K  (File  No.  001-35368),  filed  on  September 25, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference).  3.1  Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of Capri Holdings Limited (included as Exhibit 3.1  to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 31, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference).  4.1  Specimen of Ordinary Share Certificate of Capri Holdings Limited (included as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 30, 2019 (File No. 001-35368), filed on May 29, 2019 and  incorporated herein by reference).  4.2  Shareholders Agreement, dated as of July 11, 2011, among Michael Kors Holdings Limited and certain shareholders  of Michael Kors Holdings Limited (included as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form F-1,  as amended (File No. 333-178282), filed on December 2, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference).  4.3  Indenture, dated as of October 20, 2017, by and among Michael Kors (USA), Inc., Michael Kors Holdings Limited,  the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (included as Exhibit 4.1 to the  Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-35368), filed on October 20, 2017 and incorporated herein by  reference).  10.1  Second Amendment, dated as of June 25, 2020, to the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of  November 15, 2018 among Capri Holdings Limited, Michael Kors (USA), Inc., the foreign subsidiary borrowers party  thereto, the guarantors party thereto, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders and issuing banks and JPMorgan  Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (included as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K  (File No. 001-35368), filed on July 1, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference).  10.2  Form of Indemnification Agreement between Michael Kors Holdings Limited and its directors and executive officers  (included as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form F-1, as amended (File No. 333-178282),  filed on December 2, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference).  10.3  Amended and Restated Michael Kors (USA), Inc. Stock Option Plan (included as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's  Registration Statement on Form F-1, as amended (File No. 333-178282), filed on December 2, 2011 and incorporated  herein by reference).  - 10.4 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Michael Kors (USA), Inc. Share Option Plan (included as Exhibit 4.9 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2012, filed on June 12, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference).   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2. Exhibits:

## Exhibit No.

## Document Description

- 10.5 Capri  Holdings  Limited  Second  Amended  and  Restated  Omnibus  Incentive  Plan  (included  as  Annex  A  to  the Company's  Definitive  Proxy  Statement  on  Schedule  14A  (File  No.  001-35368),  filed  on  July  22,  2020  and incorporated herein by reference).
- 10.6 Fifth  Amended  and  Restated  Employment  Agreement,  dated  as  of  March  7,  2022,  by  and  among  Michael  Kors (USA), Inc., Capri Holdings Limited and John D. Idol.
- 10.7 Executive Bonus Program (included as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 29, 2013 filed on August 8, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference).
- 10.8 Form of Employee Non-Qualified Option Award Agreement (included as Exhibit 10.15 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 28, 2015, filed on May 27, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference).
- 10.9 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (included as Exhibit 10.16 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 28, 2015, filed on May 27, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference).
- 10.10 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (included as Exhibit 10.17 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 28, 2015, filed on May 27, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference).
- 10.11 Form of Independent Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (included as Exhibit 10.18 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 28, 2015, filed on May 27, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference).
- 10.12 Aircraft Time Sharing Agreement, dated November 24, 2014, by and between Michael Kors (USA), Inc. and John Idol (included as Exhibit 10.19 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 28, 2015, filed on May 27, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference).
- 10.13 Employment  Agreement,  dated  as  of  April  17,  2017,  by  and  among  Michael  Kors  (USA),  Inc.,  Michael  Kors Holdings Limited and Thomas J. Edwards, Jr. (included as Exhibit 10.19 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 1, 2017, filed on May 31, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference).
- 10.14 Capri Holdings Limited Deferred Compensation Plan (included as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001.35368), filed on November 14, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference).
- 10.15 Employment Agreement between  Michael  Kors  (USA),  Inc.  and  Krista  McDonough  made  as  of  October  1,  2016 (included as Exhibit 10.18 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 28, 2020 (File No 001-35368), filed on July 8, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference).
- 10.16 Employment Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2020, by and among Capri Holdings Limited, Michael Kors (USA), Inc. and Daniel Purefoy (included as Exhibit 10.16 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 27, 2021, filed on May 26, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference).
- 10.17 Employment Agreement, dated as of August 24, 2021, by and among Capri Holdings Limited, Michael Kors (USA), Inc. and Joshua Schulman (included as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 25, 2021 filed on November 3, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference).
- 10.18 Separation  Agreement  ('Agreement'),  by  and  between  Joshua  Schulman,  Capri  Holdings  Limited  ('Capri'),  and Michael Kors (USA), Inc., dated March 7, 2022.
- 10.19 Employment Agreement, effective as of June 1, 2021, by and among Capri Holdings Limited, Michael Kors (USA), Inc. and Jenna Hendricks.
- 10.20 Suspension  of  Rights  Agreement,  dated  as  of  September  23,  2021,  to  the  Third  Amended  and  Restated  Credit Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2018 among, Michael Kors (USA), Inc., Capri Holdings Limited, the Foreign Subsidiary  Borrowers  party  to  the  Credit  Agreement,  JPMorgan  Chase  Bank,  N.A.,  as  Administrative  Agent,  the Lenders thereto and the other parties party thereto (included as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 25, 2021 filed on November 3, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference).
- 21.1 List of subsidiaries of Capri Holdings Limited.
- 23.2 Consent of Ernst &amp; Young LLP.
- 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002.
- 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002.
- 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
- 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
- 101.1 Interactive Data Files.

## SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Date: June 1, 2022

## CAPRI HOLDINGS LIMITED

By:

/s/ John D. Idol

Name:

John D. Idol

Title:

Chairman &amp; Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant  to  the  requirements  of  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934,  this  report  has  been  signed  below  by  the  following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

| By:  /s/ John D. Idol  Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive  Officer)  June 1, 2022  John D. Idol  By:  /s/ Thomas J. Edwards, Jr.  Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Financial  and Accounting Officer)  June 1, 2022  Thomas J. Edwards Jr.  By:  /s/ Marilyn Crouther  Director  June 1, 2022  Marilyn Crouther  By:  /s/ Robin Freestone  Director  June 1, 2022  Robin Freestone  By:  /s/ Judy Gibbons  Director  June 1, 2022  Judy Gibbons  By:  /s/ Ann Korologos  Director  June 1, 2022  Ann Korologos  By:  /s/ Stephen F. Reitman  Director  June 1, 2022  Stephen F. Reitman  By:  /s/ Jane Thompson  Director  June 1, 2022  Jane Thompson  By:  /s/ Jean Tomlin  Director  June 1, 2022  Jean Tomlin   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Description of the Matter

## REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Capri Holdings Limited

## Opinion on the Financial Statements

We  have  audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets  of  Capri  Holdings  Limited  and  subsidiaries  ('the Company') as of April 2, 2022 and March 27, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended April 2, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the 'consolidated financial statements'). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all  material  respects,  the  financial  position  of  the  Company  at  April  2,  2022  and  March  27,  2021,  and  the results of its operations and its cash flow for each of the three years in the period ended April 2, 2022, in conformity with the U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of April 2, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal  Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated June 1, 2022 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

## Basis for Opinion

These  financial  statements  are  the  responsibility  of  the  Company's  management.  Our  responsibility  is  to  express  an opinion  on  the  Company's  financial  statements  based  on  our  audits.  We  are  a  public  accounting  firm  registered  with  the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform  the  audit  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the  financial  statements  are  free  of  material  misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial  statements,  whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Critical Audit Matters

The  critical  audit  matters  communicated  below  are  matters  arising  from  the  current  period  audit  of  the  financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures  that  are  material  to  the  financial  statements  and  (2)  involved  our  especially  challenging,  subjective  or  complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

## Valuation of Goodwill and Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets

At April 2, 2022, the Company's goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, consisting of brand names, totaled  $1.4  billion  and  $1.2  billion,  respectively.  As  discussed  in  Note  2  to  the  consolidated  financial statements, goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are assessed for impairment on an annual basis, or  whenever  impairment  indicators  exist.  Auditing  the  Company's  annual  impairment  assessments  was complex and highly judgmental due to the significant estimation required in determining the fair value of the  reporting  units  for  goodwill  and  the  fair  value  of  indefinite-lived  brand  name  intangible  assets.  In particular, the fair value estimates were sensitive to significant assumptions, such as changes in the discount rate, revenue growth rate, margin and royalty rates, which are affected by expectations about future market or economic conditions.

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit

Description of the Matter

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit

We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the  Company's  goodwill  and  indefinite-lived  intangible  assets  impairment  review  process,  including controls over management's review of the significant assumptions described above.

To test the estimated fair value of the Company's reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, assessing the valuation methodologies and testing the significant assumptions discussed above and the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used by the Company in its analyses. We compared the significant assumptions used by management to current industry  and  economic  trends  and  evaluated  whether  changes  to  the  Company's  business  environment would affect the significant assumptions. For example, we compared the royalty rates used in estimating the  fair  value  of  certain  indefinite-lived  brand  name  intangible  assets  to  current  industry  licensing agreements.  We  assessed  the  historical  accuracy  of  management's  estimates  and  performed  sensitivity analyses of the significant assumptions to evaluate the changes in the fair value of the reporting units and indefinite-lived brand name intangible assets that would result from changes in the assumptions. We also involved  our  internal  valuation  specialists  to  assist  in  our  evaluation  of  the  significant  assumptions  and methodologies  used  by  the  Company  in  developing  the  fair  value  estimates.    In  addition,  we  tested management's  reconciliation  of  the  fair  value  of  the  reporting  units  to  the  market  capitalization  of  the Company.

## Impairment of Retail Store Long-Lived assets

As  discussed  in  Note  2  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  Company  evaluates  its  long-lived assets,  which  primarily  include  property  and  equipment  and  operating  lease  right-of-use  assets  at  retail stores, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of such  assets  may  not  be  recoverable.  During  the  year  ended  April  2,  2022,  the  Company  recognized  an impairment charge of $83 million related to the long-lived assets.

Auditing the Company's impairment assessment of retail store long-lived assets was complex and highly judgmental due to the significant estimation required in determining the future cash flows used to assess recoverability  of  each  retail  store  long-lived  asset  group  (undiscounted)  and  determining  the  fair  value (discounted). The significant assumptions used include estimated future cash flows directly related to the future  operation  of  the  stores  (including  sales  and  expense  growth  rates)  and  the  discount  rate  used  to determine fair value. Significant assumptions used in determining the fair value of certain operating lease right-of-use  assets  include  the  current  market  rent  and  discount  rate  for  the  remaining  lease  term  of  the related stores. These assumptions are subjective in nature and are affected by expectations about future market or economic conditions.

We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the retail store long-lived assets impairment process, including, determining the undiscounted future cash flows of the stores and the fair value of the long-lived assets (including those related to operating leases) for the stores that were deemed to be impaired. We also tested controls over management's review of the significant assumptions described above.

Our testing of the Company's impairment measurement included, among other procedures, evaluating the significant  assumptions  and  operating  data  used  to  calculate  the  estimated  future  cash  flows  and  to determine the fair value of the store long lived asset groups. For a sample of retail stores, we tested the completeness  and  accuracy  of  the  data  used  by  the  Company  in  its  analyses  and  we  compared  the significant assumptions used to determine the forecasted cash flows to historical results of the retail stores, current industry and economic trends and inquired of the Company's executives to understand the business initiatives  supporting  the  assumptions  in  the  future  cash  flows.  We  involved  our  internal  valuation specialists to assist in evaluating the fair value of certain operating lease right-of-use assets, which included assessing the estimated market rental rates of these leases by comparing them to rental rates for comparable leases and evaluating the applied discount rate.

## /s/ ERNST &amp; YOUNG LLP

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2014. New York, New York June 1, 2022

## REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Capri Holdings Limited

## Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited Capri Holdings Limited and subsidiaries' internal control over financial reporting as of April 2, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Capri Holdings Limited and subsidiaries ('the Company') maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of April 2, 2022, based on the COSO criteria.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)  (PCAOB),  the  consolidated  balance  sheets  of  the  Company  as  of  April  2,  2022  and  March  27,  2021,  the  related consolidated  statements  of  operations  and  comprehensive  income  (loss),  shareholders'  equity  and  cash  flows  for  each  of  the three years in the period ended April 2, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated June 1, 2022 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

## Basis for Opinion

The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal  Control  over  Financial  Reporting.  Our  responsibility  is  to  express  an  opinion  on  the  Company's  internal  control  over financial  reporting  based  on  our  audit.  We  are  a  public  accounting  firm  registered  with  the  PCAOB  and  are  required  to  be independent  with  respect  to  the  Company  in  accordance  with  the  U.S.  federal  securities  laws  and  the  applicable  rules  and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our  audit  in  accordance  with  the  standards  of  the  PCAOB.  Those  standards  require  that  we  plan  and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our  audit  included  obtaining  an  understanding  of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting,  assessing  the  risk  that  a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability  of  financial  reporting  and  the  preparation  of  financial  statements  for  external  purposes  in  accordance  with  generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial  statements  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles,  and  that  receipts  and  expenditures  of  the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its  inherent  limitations,  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  may  not  prevent  or  detect  misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

## /s/ ERNST &amp; YOUNG LLP

New York, New York June 1, 2022

## CAPRI HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

(In millions, except share data)

| April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  Assets  Current assets  Cash and cash equivalents  $  169  $  232  Receivables, net  434  373  Inventories, net  1,096  736  Prepaid expenses and other current assets  192  205  Total current assets  1,891  1,546  Property and equipment, net  476  485  Operating lease right-of-use assets  1,358  1,504  Intangible assets, net  1,847  1,992  Goodwill  1,418  1,498  Deferred tax assets  240  278  Other assets  250  178  Total assets  $  7,480  $  7,481  Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity  Current liabilities  Accounts payable  $  555  $  512  Accrued payroll and payroll related expenses  165  116  Accrued income taxes  52  126  Short-term operating lease liabilities  414  447  Short-term debt  29  123  Accrued expenses and other current liabilities  351  297  Total current liabilities  1,566  1,621  Long-term operating lease liabilities  1,467  1,657  Deferred tax liabilities  432  397  Long-term debt  1,131  1,219  Other long-term liabilities  326  430  Total liabilities  4,922  5,324  Commitments and contingencies  Shareholders' equity  Ordinary shares, no par value; 650,000,000 shares authorized; 221,967,599 shares  issued and 142,806,269 outstanding at April 2, 2022; 219,222,937 shares issued and  151,280,011 outstanding at March 27, 2021  -  -  Treasury shares, at cost (79,161,330 shares at April 2, 2022 and 67,942,926 shares at  March 27, 2021)  (3,987)  (3,326)  Additional paid-in capital  1,260  1,158  Accumulated other comprehensive income  194  56  Retained earnings  5,092  4,270  Total shareholders' equity of Capri  2,559  2,158  Noncontrolling interest  (1)  (1)  Total shareholders' equity  2,558  2,157  Total liabilities and shareholders' equity  $  7,480  $  7,481   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

## CAPRI HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)

(In millions, except share and per share data)

| Fiscal Years Ended  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  March 28,  2020  Total revenue  $  5,654  $  4,060  $  5,551  Cost of goods sold  1,910  1,463  2,280  Gross profit  3,744  2,597  3,271  Selling, general and administrative expenses  2,533  2,018  2,464  Depreciation and amortization  193  212  249  Impairment of assets  73  316  708  Restructuring and other charges  42  32  42  Total operating expenses  2,841  2,578  3,463  Income (loss) from operations  903  19  (192)  Other income, net  (2)  (7)  (6)  Interest (income) expense, net  (18)  43  18  Foreign currency loss (gain)  8  (20)  11  Income (loss) before provision for income taxes  915  3  (215)  Provision for income taxes  92  66  10  Net income (loss)  823  (63)  (225)  Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling  interest  1  (1)  (2)  Net income (loss) attributable to Capri  $  822  $  (62)  $  (223)  Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding:  Basic  149,724,675  150,453,568  150,714,598  Diluted  152,497,907  150,453,568  150,714,598  Net income (loss) per ordinary share attributable to Capri:  Basic  $  5.49  $  (0.41)  $  (1.48)  Diluted  $  5.39  $  (0.41)  $  (1.48)  Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss):  Net income (loss)  $  823  $  (63)  $  (225)  Foreign currency translation adjustments  127  (15)  145  Net gain (loss) on derivatives  10  (4)  (4)  Comprehensive income (loss)  960  (82)  (84)  Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest  1  (1)  (2)  Less: Foreign currency translation adjustments attributable to  noncontrolling interest  (1)  -  -  Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Capri  $  960  $  (81)  $  (82)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

## CAPRI HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

(in millions, except share data which is in thousands)

| Ordinary Shares  Additional  Paid-in  Capital  Treasury Shares  Accumulated  Other  Comprehensive  Income (Loss)  Retained  Earnings  Total  Equity of  Capri  Non-  controlling  Interests  Total  Equity  Shares  Amounts  Shares  Amounts  Balance at March 30, 2019,  as previously reported  216,051  $  -  $  1,011  (65,119)  $  (3,223)  $  (66)  $  4,707  $  2,429  $  3  $  2,432  Adoption of accounting standard  (ASU 2106-02)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (152)  (152)  -  (152)  Balance as of March 30, 2019  216,051  -  1,011  (65,119)  (3,223)  (66)  4,555  2,277  3  2,280  Net loss  -  -  -  -  -  -  (223)  (223)  (2)  (225)  Other comprehensive income  -  -  -  -  -  141  -  141  -  141  Total comprehensive loss  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (82)  (2)  (84)  Vesting of restricted awards, net of  forfeitures  1,262  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Exercise of employee share options  7  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Share based compensation expense  -  -  70  -  -  -  -  70  -  70  Repurchase of ordinary shares  -  -  -  (2,775)  (102)  -  -  (102)  -  (102)  Adjustment of redeemable non-  controlling interests to redemption  value  -  -  4  -  -  -  -  4  $  -  4  Balance as of March 28, 2020  217,320  -  1,085  (67,894)  (3,325)  75  4,332  2,167  1  2,168  Net loss  -  -  -  -  -  -  (62)  (62)  (1)  (63)  Other comprehensive loss  -  -  -  -  -  (19)  -  (19)  -  (19)  Total comprehensive loss  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (81)  (1)  (82)  Vesting of restricted awards, net of  forfeitures  1,456  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Exercise of employee share options  447  -  3  -  -  -  -  3  -  3  Share based compensation expense  -  -  70  -  -  -  -  70  -  70  Repurchase of ordinary shares  -  -  -  (49)  (1)  -  -  (1)  -  (1)  Other  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (1)  (1)  Balance at March 27, 2021  219,223  -  1,158  (67,943)  (3,326)  $  56  4,270  2,158  (1)  2,157  Net income  -  -  -  -  -  -  822  822  1  823  Other comprehensive income (loss)  -  -  -  -  -  138  -  138  (1)  137  Total comprehensive income  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  960  -  960  Vesting of restricted awards, net of  forfeitures  2,336  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Exercise of employee share options  408  -  17  -  -  -  -  17  -  17  Share based compensation expense  -  -  85  -  -  -  -  85  -  85  Repurchase of ordinary shares  -  -  -  (11,218)  (661)  -  -  (661)  -  (661)  Balance at April 2, 2022  221,967  -  $  1,260  (79,161)  $  (3,987)  $  194  $  5,092  $  2,559  $  (1)  $  2,558   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

## CAPRI HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

(In millions)

| Fiscal Years Ended  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  March 28,  2020  Cash flows from operating activities  Net income (loss)  $  823  $  (63)  $  (225)  Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by  operating activities:  Depreciation and amortization  193  212  249  Share-based compensation expense  85  71  70  Impairment of assets  83  316  708  Credit losses  7  (3)  29  Deferred income taxes  (57)  (70)  (73)  Changes to lease related balances, net  (142)  (112)  (55)  Amortization of deferred financing costs  6  6  8  Tax (benefit) deficit on exercise of share options  (4)  4  2  Foreign currency (gains) losses  -  (15)  11  Other non-cash charges  1  -  3  Change in assets and liabilities:  Receivables, net  (78)  (52)  42  Inventories, net  (386)  145  115  Prepaid expenses and other current assets  14  (31)  20  Accounts payable  69  50  63  Accrued expenses and other current liabilities  30  153  (95)  Other long-term assets and liabilities  60  13  (13)  Net cash provided by operating activities  704  624  859  Cash flows from investing activities  Capital expenditures  (131)  (111)  (223)  Cash paid for asset/business acquisitions, net of cash acquired  -  (13)  (13)  Settlement of net investment hedges  189  -  298  Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities  58  (124)  62  Cash flows from financing activities  Debt borrowings  945  2,443  2,282  Debt repayments  (1,132)  (3,311)  (2,676)  Debt issuance costs  -  (4)  (1)  Repurchase of ordinary shares  (661)  (1)  (102)  Exercise of employee share options  17  3  -  Other financing activities  31  -  -  Net cash used in financing activities  (800)  (870)  (497)  Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents  (24)  12  (4)  Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted  cash  (62)  (358)  420  Beginning of period  234  592  172  End of period  $  172  $  234  $  592  Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information  Cash paid for interest  $  37  $  52  $  80  Cash paid for income taxes  $  43  $  45  $  98  Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing  activities  Accrued capital expenditures  $  39  $  17  $  30   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

## CAPRI HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 1. Business and Basis of Presentation

The Company was incorporated in the British Virgin Islands on December 13, 2002 as Michael Kors Holdings Limited and changed its name to Capri Holdings Limited ('Capri,' and together with its subsidiaries, the 'Company') on December 31, 2018. The Company is a holding company that owns brands that are leading designers, marketers, distributors and retailers of branded women's and men's accessories, apparel and footwear bearing the Versace, Jimmy Choo and Michael Kors tradenames and related  trademarks  and  logos.  The  Company  operates  in  three  reportable  segments:  Versace,  Jimmy  Choo  and  Michael Kors. See Note 19 for additional information.

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ('U.S. GAAP') and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned or controlled subsidiaries. All significant  intercompany  balances  and  transactions  have  been  eliminated  in  consolidation.  The  Company  consolidates  the results of its Versace business on a one-month lag, as consistent with prior periods.

The Company utilizes a 52 to 53 week fiscal year, and the term 'Fiscal Year' or 'Fiscal' refers to that 52-week or 53week period. The fiscal years ending on March 27, 2021 and March 28, 2020 ('Fiscal 2021' and 'Fiscal 2020', respectively) contain 52 weeks, whereas the fiscal year ending April 2, 2022 ('Fiscal 2022') contain 53 weeks. The Company's Fiscal 2023 is a 52-week period ending April 1, 2023.

## 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

## Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires management to use judgment and make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the  financial  statements  and  the  reported  amounts  of  revenues  and  expenses  during  the  reporting  period.  The  level  of uncertainty in estimates and assumptions increases with the length of time until the underlying transactions are completed. The most  significant  assumptions  and  estimates  involved  in  preparing  the  financial  statements  include  allowances  for  customer deductions, sales returns, sales discounts, credit losses, estimates of inventory net realizable value, the valuation of share-based compensation, the valuation of deferred taxes, goodwill, intangible assets, operating lease right-of-use assets and property and equipment, along with the estimated useful lives assigned to these assets. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

## Seasonality

The Company experiences certain effects of seasonality with respect to its business. The Company generally experiences greater sales during its third fiscal quarter, primarily driven by holiday season sales, and the lowest sales during its first fiscal quarter.

## Revenue Recognition

The Company accounts for contracts with its customers when there is approval and commitment from both parties, the rights  of  the  parties  and  payment  terms  have  been  identified,  the  contract  has  commercial  substance  and  collectability  of consideration  is  probable.  Revenue  is  recognized  when  control  of  the  promised  goods  or  services  is  transferred  to  the Company's customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for goods or  services.  The  Company recognizes retail store revenues when control of the product is transferred at the point of sale at Company  owned  stores,  including  concessions,  net  of  estimated  returns.  Revenue  from  sales  through  the  Company's  ecommerce sites is recognized at the time of delivery to the customer, reduced by an estimate of returns. Wholesale revenue is recognized net of estimates for sales returns, discounts, markdowns and allowances, after merchandise is shipped and control of the underlying product is transferred to the Company's wholesale customers. To arrive at net sales for retail revenue, gross sales are  reduced  by  actual  customer  returns  as  well  as  by  a  provision  for  estimated  future  customer  returns,  which  is  based  on management's review  of  historical  and  future  customer  return  expectations.  Sales  taxes  collected  from  retail  customers  are presented on a net basis and, as such, are excluded from revenue. To arrive at net sales for wholesale revenue, gross sales are reduced  by  provisions  for  estimated  future  returns,  based  on  current  expectations,  as  well  as  trade  discounts,  markdowns,

allowances, operational chargebacks, and certain cooperative selling expenses. These estimates are based on such factors as historical trends, actual and forecasted performance and current market conditions, which are reviewed by management on a quarterly basis.

The following table details the activity and balances of the Company's sales reserves for the fiscal years ended April 2, 2022, March 27, 2021, and March 28, 2020 (in millions):

| Balance  Beginning  of Year  Amounts  Charged to  Revenue  Write-offs  Against  Reserves  Balance  at  Year End  Total Sales Reserves:  Fiscal Year Ended April 2, 2022  $  98  $  333  $  (339)  $  92  Fiscal Year Ended March 27, 2021  166  313  (381)  98  Fiscal Year Ended March 28, 2020  127  497  (458)  166   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Royalty revenue generated from product licenses, which includes contributions for advertising, is based on reported sales of licensed products bearing the Company's trademarks at rates specified in the license agreements. These agreements are also subject to contractual minimum levels. Royalty revenue generated by geographic licensing agreements is recognized as it is earned under the licensing agreements based on reported sales of licensees applicable to specified periods, as outlined in the agreements.  These  agreements  allow  for  the  use  of  the  Company's  tradenames  to  sell  its  branded  products  in  specific geographic regions.

## Loyalty Program

The  Company  offers  a  loyalty  program,  which  allows  its  Michael  Kors  United  States  customers  to  earn  points  on qualifying purchases toward monetary and non-monetary rewards, which may be redeemed for purchases at Michael Kors retail stores and e-commerce sites. The Company defers a portion of the initial sales transaction based on the estimated relative fair value of the benefits based on projected timing of future redemptions and historical activity. These amounts include estimated 'breakage' for points that are not expected to be redeemed. The contract liability, net of an estimated 'breakage,' is recorded within  accrued  expenses  and  other  current  liabilities  in  the  Company's  consolidated  balance  sheets  and  is  expected  to  be recognized within the next 12 months. See Note 3 for additional information.

## Advertising and Marketing Costs

Advertising and marketing costs are generally expensed when the advertisement is first exhibited and are recorded in selling,  general  and  administrative  expenses  in  the  Company's  consolidated  statements  of  operations  and  comprehensive income (loss). Advertising and marketing expense was $329 million, $137 million and $201 million in Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively.

Cooperative advertising expense, which represents the Company's participation in advertising expenses of its wholesale customers, is reflected as a reduction to revenue. Expenses related to cooperative advertising for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, were $4 million, $3 million and $7 million, respectively.

## Shipping and Handling

Freight-in  expenses  are  recorded  as  part  of  cost  of  goods  sold,  along  with  product  costs  and  other  costs  to  acquire inventory.  The  costs  of  preparing  products  for  sale,  including  warehousing  expenses,  are  included  in  selling,  general  and administrative  expenses  in  the  Company's  consolidated  statements  of  operations  and  comprehensive  income  (loss).  Selling, general  and  administrative  expenses  also  include  the  costs  of  shipping  products  to  the  Company's  e-commerce  customers. Shipping  and  handling  costs  included  within  selling,  general  and  administrative  expenses  in  the  Company's  consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) were $236 million, $160 million and $157 million for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively. Shipping and handling costs charged to customers are included in total revenue.

## COVID-19 Related Government Assistance and Subsidies

During  Fiscal  2022  and  Fiscal  2021,  the  Company  recorded  $10  million  and  $37  million,  respectively,  related  to government assistance and subsidies. There was no government assistance or subsidies recorded in Fiscal 2020. These amounts mostly  relate  to  rent  support  and  payroll  expense  and  were  recorded  as  a  reduction  of  selling,  general  and  administrative expenses.

## Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash

All  highly  liquid  investments  with  original  maturities  of  three  months  or  less  are  considered  to  be  cash  equivalents. Included in the Company's cash and cash equivalents as of April 2, 2022 and March 27, 2021 are credit card receivables of $18 million and $25 million, respectively, which generally settle within two to three business days.

A  reconciliation  of  cash,  cash  equivalents  and  restricted  cash  as  of  April  2,  2022  and  March  27,  2021  from  the consolidated balance sheets to the consolidated statements of cash flows is as follows:

| Fiscal Years Ended  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash  Cash and cash equivalents  $  169  $  232  Restricted cash included within prepaid expenses and other current assets  3  2  Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the consolidated statements of  cash flows  $  172  $  234   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Inventories

Inventories primarily consist of finished goods with the exception of raw materials and work in process inventory. The combined total of raw materials and work in process inventory recorded on the Company's consolidated balance sheets as of April 2, 2022 and March 27, 2021 were $31 million and $28 million, respectively. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined using the weighted-average cost method. Costs include amounts paid to independent manufacturers, plus duties and freight to bring the goods to the Company's warehouses, as well as shipments to stores. The Company continuously evaluates the composition of its inventory and makes adjustments when the cost of inventory is not expected  to  be  fully  recoverable.  The  net  realizable  value  of  the  Company's  inventory  is  estimated  based  on  historical experience, current and forecasted demand and other market conditions. In addition, reserves for inventory losses are estimated based on historical experience and physical inventory counts. The Company's inventory reserves are estimates, which could vary significantly from actual results if future economic conditions, customer demand or competition differ from expectations. Our historical estimates of these adjustments have not differed materially from actual results.

## Store Pre-opening Costs

Costs associated with the opening of new retail stores and start up activities, are expensed as incurred.

## Property and Equipment

Property and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization (carrying value). Depreciation is recorded on a straight-line basis over the expected remaining useful lives of the related assets. Equipment, furniture and fixtures are  depreciated  over  five  to  seven  years,  computer  hardware  and  software  are  depreciated  over  three  to  five  years.  The Company's  share  of  the  cost  of  constructing  in-store  shop  displays  within  its  wholesale  customers'  floor-space  ('shop-inshops'), which is paid directly to third-party suppliers, is capitalized as property and equipment and is generally amortized over a useful life of three to five years. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated remaining useful lives of the related assets or the remaining lease term, including highly probable renewal periods. The Company includes all depreciation and amortization expense as a component of total operating expenses, as the underlying long-lived  assets  are  not  directly  or  indirectly  related  to  bringing  the  Company's  products  to  their  existing  location  and condition. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense in the year incurred.

The Company capitalizes, in property and equipment, direct costs incurred during the application development stage and the  implementation  stage  for  developing,  purchasing  or  otherwise  acquiring  software  for  its  internal  use.  These  costs  are amortized over the estimated useful lives of the software, generally five years, except for ERP systems which has an estimated useful life of ten years. All costs incurred during the preliminary project stage, including project scoping and identification and testing of alternatives, are expensed as incurred.

## Definite-lived Intangible Assets

The Company's definite-lived intangible assets consist of trademarks and customer relationships which are stated at cost less accumulated amortization. The Company's customer relationships are amortized over five to eighteen years. Reacquired rights recorded in connection with the acquisition of Michael Kors (HK) Limited and Subsidiaries ('MKHKL') are amortized through March 31, 2041, the original expiration date of the Michael Kors license agreement in the Greater China region. The trademark for the Michael Kors brand is amortized over twenty years.

## Long-lived Assets

The Company evaluates all long-lived assets, including operating lease right-of-use assets, property and equipment and definite-lived intangible assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of any such asset may not be recoverable. For the purposes of impairment testing, the Company groups long-lived assets at the lowest  level  of  identifiable  cash  flow.  Leasehold  improvements  are  typically  amortized  over  the  term  of  the  store  lease, including  reasonably  assured  renewals  and  the  shop-in-shops  are  amortized  over  a  useful  life  of  three  to  five  years.  The Company's impairment testing is based on its best estimate of the future operating cash flows. If the sum of our estimated undiscounted future cash flows associated with the asset is less than the asset's carrying value, the Company would recognize an impairment charge, which is measured as the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the asset. The fair values  determined  by  management  require  significant  judgment  and  include  certain  assumptions  regarding  future  sales  and expense growth rates, discount rates and estimates of real estate market fair values. As such, these estimates may differ from actual results and are affected by future market and economic conditions.

During  Fiscal  2022,  Fiscal  2021  and  Fiscal  2020,  the  Company  recorded  impairment  charges  of  $83  million, $158 million and $357 million, respectively, which were primarily related to operating lease right-of-use assets and fixed assets of our retail store locations. Please refer to Note 7 and Note 13 for additional information.

## Goodwill and Other Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets

The Company records intangible assets based on their fair value on the date of acquisition. Goodwill is recorded as the difference between the fair value of the purchase consideration and the fair value of the net identifiable tangible and intangible assets  acquired.  The  brand  intangible  assets  recorded  in  connection  with  the  acquisitions  of  Versace  and  Jimmy  Choo  were determined  to  be  indefinite-lived  intangible  assets,  which  are  not  subject  to  amortization.  The  Company  performs  an impairment assessment of goodwill, as well as the Versace brand and Jimmy Choo brand intangible assets on an annual basis, or whenever impairment indicators exist. In the absence of any impairment indicators, goodwill, for the Versace brand and the Jimmy Choo brand are assessed for impairment during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. Judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on market conditions and operational performance of the business.

The  Company  may  assess  its  goodwill  and  its  brand  intangible  assets  for  impairment  initially  using  a  qualitative approach to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of these assets is greater than their carrying value. When  performing  a  qualitative  test,  the  Company  assesses  various  factors,  including  industry  and  market  conditions, macroeconomic conditions and performance of its businesses. If the results of the qualitative assessment indicate that it is more likely than not that our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are impaired, a quantitative impairment analysis is performed to determine if impairment is required. The Company may also elect to perform a quantitative analysis of goodwill and its indefinite-lived intangible assets initially rather than using a qualitative approach.

The  impairment  testing  for  goodwill  is  performed  at  the  reporting  unit  level.  The  Company  uses  industry  accepted valuation models and set criteria that are reviewed and approved by various levels of management and, in certain instances, it engages  independent  third-party  valuation  specialists.  To  determine  the  fair  value  of  a  reporting  unit,  the  Company  uses  a combination of the income and market approaches, when applicable. The Company believes the blended use of both models, when  applicable,  compensates  for  the  inherent  risk  associated  with  either  model  if  used  on  a  stand-alone  basis,  and  this combination is indicative of the factors a market participant would consider when performing a similar valuation. If the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds the related carrying value, the reporting unit's goodwill is considered not to be impaired and no further testing is performed. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recorded for the  difference.  These  valuations  are  affected  by  certain  estimates,  including  future  revenue  growth  rates,  future  operating expense growth rates, gross margins and discount rates. Future events could cause us to conclude that impairment indicators exist and goodwill may be impaired.

When performing a quantitative impairment assessment of our brand intangible assets, the fair value of the Versace and the Jimmy Choo brands is estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis based on the 'relief from royalty' method, assuming that a third party would be willing to pay a royalty in lieu of ownership for this intangible asset. This approach is dependent on many factors, including estimates of future revenue growth rates, royalty rates and discount rates. Actual future results may differ from these estimates. An impairment loss is recognized when the estimated fair value of the brand intangible assets is less than its carrying amount.

During the fourth quarter of Fiscal  2022,  the  Company  performed  its  annual  goodwill  and  indefinite-lived  intangible assets impairment analysis for each brand. Based on qualitative impairment assessment of the Michael Kors reporting units, the Company concluded that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the Michael Kors reporting units exceeded its carrying value and, therefore, was not impaired. The Company elected to perform quantitative impairment analyses for the Versace and Jimmy Choo reporting units, using a combination of income and market approaches to estimate the fair values of reporting units. The Company also elected to perform an impairment analysis for the Versace and Jimmy Choo brand intangible assets using an income approach to estimate the fair values. Based on the results of these assessments, the Company concluded that the fair values of the Jimmy Choo and Versace reporting units and the brand intangible assets exceeded the related carrying amounts and no impairment was required.

In Fiscal 2021, the Company recorded impairment charges of $94 million related to the Jimmy Choo retail and Jimmy Choo licensing  reporting  units  and  $69  million  related  to  the  Jimmy  Choo  brand  intangible  assets.  The  Company  recorded impairment  charges  of  $171  million  related  to  the  Jimmy  Choo  retail  and  Jimmy  Choo  licensing  reporting  units  and  $180 million related to the Jimmy Choo brand intangible assets during Fiscal 2020. The impairment charges were recorded within impairment of assets on our consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss) for the fiscal years ended March  27,  2021  and  March  28,  2020.  See  Note  8  for  information  relating  to  the  Company's  annual  impairment  analysis performed during the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020.

It  is  possible  that  the  Company's  conclusions  regarding  impairment  or  recoverability  of  goodwill  or  other  indefinite intangible assets could change in future periods if, for example, (i) the Company's businesses do not perform as projected, (ii) overall economic conditions in future years vary from current assumptions, (iii) business conditions or strategies change from our current assumptions, (iv) discount rates change, (v) market multiples change or (vi) the identification of the Company's reporting  units  change,  among  other  factors.  Such  changes  could  result  in  a  future  impairment  charge  of  goodwill  or  other indefinite-lived intangible assets.

## Insurance

The Company uses a combination of insurance and self-insurance programs, including a wholly-owned captive insurance entity,  to  provide  for  the  potential  liabilities  for  certain  risks,  including  workers'  compensation  and  employee-related  health care  benefits.  The  Company  also  maintains  stop-loss  coverage  with  third-party  insurers  to  limit  its  exposure  arising  from claims. Self-insurance claims filed and claims incurred but not reported are accrued based upon management's estimates of the discounted cost for self-insured claims incurred using actuarial assumptions, historical loss experience, actual payroll and other data. Although the Company believes that it can reasonably estimate losses related to these claims, actual results could differ from these estimates.

The Company also maintains other types of customary business insurance policies, including general liability, directors and  officers,  marine  transport  and  inventory  and  business  interruption  insurance.  Insurance  recoveries  represent  gain contingencies and are recorded upon actual settlement with the insurance carrier.

## Share-based Compensation

The Company grants share-based awards to certain employees and directors of the Company. The grant date fair value of share options is calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Company uses its own historical experience in determining  the  expected  holding  period  and  volatility  of  its  time-based  share  option  awards.  The  risk-free  interest  rate  is derived from the zero-coupon United States ('U.S.') Treasury Strips yield curve based on the grant's estimated holding period. Determining  the  grant  date  fair  value  of  share-based  awards  requires  considerable  judgment,  including  estimating  expected volatility, expected term and risk-free rate. If factors change and the Company employs different assumptions, the fair value of future  awards  and  the  resulting  share-based  compensation  expense  may  differ  significantly  from  what  the  Company  has estimated in the past.

The closing market price of the Company's shares on the date of grant is used to determine the grant date fair value of restricted shares, time-based restricted stock units ('RSUs') and performance-based RSUs. These fair values are recognized as

expense  over  the  requisite  service  period,  net  of  estimated  forfeitures,  based  on  expected  attainment  of  pre-established performance  goals  for  performance  grants,  or  the  passage  of  time  for  those  grants  which  have  only  time-based  vesting requirements.

## Foreign Currency Translation and Transactions

The financial statements of the majority of the Company's foreign subsidiaries are measured using the local currency as the functional currency. The Company's functional currency is the United States Dollar ('USD') for Capri and its United States based  subsidiaries.  Assets  and  liabilities  are  translated  using  period-end  exchange  rates,  while  revenues  and  expenses  are translated using average exchange rates over the reporting period. The resulting translation adjustments are recorded separately in  shareholders'  equity  as  a  component  of  accumulated  other  comprehensive  income.  Foreign  currency  income  and  losses resulting from the re-measuring of transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of a particular entity are included in foreign currency (gain) loss on the Company's consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss).

## Derivative Financial Instruments

## Forward Foreign Currency Exchange Contracts

The Company uses forward currency exchange contracts to manage its exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency for certain transactions. The Company, in its normal course of business, enters into transactions with foreign suppliers and seeks to minimize risks related to these transactions. The Company employs these forward currency contracts to hedge the Company's cash flows, as they relate to foreign currency transactions. Certain of these contracts are designated as hedges for accounting purposes,  while  others  remain  undesignated.  All  of  the  Company's  derivative  instruments  are  recorded  in  the  Company's consolidated balance sheets at fair value on a gross basis, regardless of their hedge designation.

The Company designates certain contracts related to the purchase of inventory that qualify for hedge accounting as cash flow  hedges.  Formal  hedge  documentation  is  prepared  for  all  derivative  instruments  designated  as  hedges,  including  a description of the hedged item and the hedging instrument and the risk being hedged. The changes in the fair value for contracts designated as cash flow hedges is recorded in equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income until the hedged item affects earnings. When the inventory related to forecasted inventory purchases that are being hedged is sold to a third party, the gains or losses deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income are recognized within cost of goods sold. The Company uses regression analysis to assess effectiveness of derivative instruments that are designated as hedges, which compares the change in the fair value of the derivative instrument to the change in the related hedged item. If the hedge is no longer  expected  to  be  highly  effective  in  the  future,  future  changes  in  the  fair  value  are  recognized  in  earnings.  For  those contracts  that  are  not  designated  as  hedges,  changes  in  the  fair  value  are  recorded  to  foreign  currency  (gain)  loss  in  the Company's  consolidated  statements  of  operations  and  comprehensive  income  (loss).  The  Company  classifies  cash  flows relating to its forward foreign currency exchange contracts related to purchase of inventory consistently with the classification of the hedged item, within cash flows from operating activities.

The  Company  is  exposed  to  the  risk  that  counterparties  to  derivative  contracts  will  fail  to  meet  their  contractual obligations.  In  order  to  mitigate  counterparty  credit  risk,  the  Company  only  enters  into  contracts  with  carefully  selected financial institutions based upon their credit ratings and certain other financial factors, adhering to established limits for credit exposure.  The  aforementioned  forward  contracts  generally  have  a  term  of  no  more  than  12  months.  The  period  of  these contracts is directly related to the foreign transaction they are intended to hedge.

## Net Investment Hedges

The Company also uses fixed-to-fixed cross currency swap agreements to hedge its net investments in foreign operations against future volatility in the exchange rates between its United States dollar and these foreign currencies. The Company has elected the spot method of designating these contracts under ASU 2017-12, ' Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities, ' and has designated these contracts as net investment hedges. The net gain or (loss) on the net investment hedge is reported within foreign currency translation gains and losses ('CTA'), as a component of  accumulated  other  comprehensive  income  on  the  Company's  consolidated  balance  sheets.  Interest  accruals  and  coupon payments  are recognized directly in interest expense in the Company's  consolidated  statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). Upon discontinuation of a hedge, all previously recognized amounts remain in CTA until the net investment is sold, diluted or liquidated.

During the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2020, the Company terminated all of its net investment hedges related to its Eurodenominated subsidiaries. The early termination of these hedges resulted in the Company receiving $296 million in cash during the  fourth  quarter  of  Fiscal  2020.  During  Fiscal  2021,  the  Company  resumed  its  normal  hedging  program  and  entered  into multiple fixed-to-fixed cross-currency swap agreements to hedge its net investment in Euro-denominated and Japanese Yendenominated subsidiaries against future volatility in the exchange rate between the United States dollar and these currencies. As of April 2, 2022, the Company had multiple fixed-to-fixed cross-currency swap agreements with aggregate notional amounts of $4  billion  to  hedge  its  net  investment  in  Euro-denominated  subsidiaries  and  $194  million  to  hedge  its  net  investment  in Japanese  Yen-denominated  subsidiaries  against  future  volatility  in  the  exchange  rates  between  the  United  States  dollar  and these currencies.

## Interest Rate Swap Agreements

The Company also uses interest rate swap agreements to hedge the variability of its cash flows resulting from floating interest rates on the Company's borrowings. When an interest rate swap agreement qualifies for hedge accounting as a cash flow hedge, the changes in the fair value are recorded in equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income and are reclassified into interest expense in the same period during which the hedged transactions affect earnings.

During the third quarter of Fiscal 2022, the Company terminated its only interest rate swap. As a result, the Company recognized a $1 million gain within interest (income) expense, net, in the Company's consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss).

## Income Taxes

Deferred income tax assets and liabilities provide for temporary differences between the tax bases and financial reporting bases of the Company's assets and liabilities using the tax rates and laws in effect for the periods in which the differences are expected to reverse. The Company periodically assesses the realizability of deferred tax assets and the adequacy of deferred tax liabilities, based on the results of local, state, federal or foreign statutory tax audits or estimates and judgments used.

Realization  of  deferred  tax  assets  associated  with  net  operating  loss  and  tax  credit  carryforwards  is  dependent  upon generating  sufficient  taxable  income  prior  to  their  expiration  in  the  applicable  tax  jurisdiction.  The  Company  periodically reviews the recoverability of its deferred tax assets and provides valuation allowances, as deemed necessary, to reduce deferred tax  assets  to  amounts  that  more-likely-than-not  will  be  realized.  The  Company's  management  considers  many  factors  when assessing the likelihood of future realization of deferred tax assets, including recent earnings within various taxing jurisdictions, expectations of future taxable income, the carryforward periods remaining and other factors. Changes in the required valuation allowance are recorded in income in the period such determination is made. Deferred tax assets could be reduced in the future if the Company's estimates of taxable income during the carryforward period are significantly reduced or alternative tax strategies are no longer viable.

The Company recognizes the impact of an uncertain income tax position taken on its income tax returns at the largest amount  that  is  more-likely-than-not  to  be  sustained  upon  audit  by  the  relevant  taxing  authority.  An  uncertain  income  tax position will be recognized if it has less than a 50% likelihood of being sustained. The tax positions are analyzed periodically (at  least  quarterly)  and  adjustments  are  made  as  events  occur  that  warrant  adjustments  for  those  positions.  The  Company records interest expense and penalties payable to relevant tax authorities as income tax expense.

## Leases

On March 31, 2019, the Company adopted ASU 2016-02, 'Leases (Topic 842),' which requires lessees to recognize a lease liability and a right-of-use asset on the balance sheet for all leases, except certain short-term leases. The Company adopted the  new  standard  recognizing  a  cumulative-effect  adjustment  to  the  opening  balance  of  retained  earnings  in  the  period  of adoption without restating the comparative prior year periods.

The Company leases retail  stores,  office  space  and  warehouse  space  under  operating  lease  agreements  that  expire  at various dates through September 2043. The Company's leases generally have terms of up to ten years, generally require a fixed annual rent and may require the payment of additional rent if store sales exceed a negotiated amount. Although most of the Company's equipment is owned, the Company has limited equipment leases that expire on various dates through January 2026. The  Company  acts  as  sublessor  in  certain  leasing  arrangements,  primarily  related  to  closed  stores  under  its  restructuring initiatives, as defined in Note 10. Fixed sublease payments received are recognized on a straight-line basis over the sublease term.  The  Company  determines  the  sublease  term  based  on  the  date  it  provides  possession  to  the  subtenant  through  the expiration date of the sublease.

The Company recognizes operating lease right-of-use assets and lease liabilities at lease commencement date, based on the present value of fixed lease payments over the expected lease term. The Company uses its incremental borrowing rates to determine the present value of fixed lease payments based on the information available at the lease commencement date, as the rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable for the Company's leases. The Company's incremental borrowing rates are based on the term of the leases, the economic environment of the leases and reflect the expected interest rate it would incur to borrow on a secured basis. Certain leases include one or more renewal options, generally for the same period as the initial term of the lease. The exercise of lease renewal options is generally at the Company's sole discretion and as such, the Company typically determines that exercise of these renewal options is not reasonably certain. As a result, the Company generally does not  include  the  renewal  option  period  in  the  expected  lease  term  and  the  associated  lease  payments  are  not  included  in  the measurement of the operating lease right-of-use asset and lease liability. Certain leases also contain termination options with an associated  penalty.  Generally,  the  Company  is  reasonably  certain  not  to  exercise  these  options  and  as  such,  they  are  not included in the determination of the expected lease term. The Company recognizes operating lease expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

Leases with an initial lease term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. The Company recognizes lease expense for its short-term leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

The Company's leases generally provide for payments of non-lease components, such as common area maintenance, real estate taxes and other costs associated with the leased property. The Company accounts for lease and non-lease components of its real estate leases together as a single lease component and, as such, includes fixed payments of non-lease components in the measurement of the operating lease right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for its real estate leases. Variable lease payments, such as percentage rentals based on location sales, periodic adjustments for inflation, reimbursement of real estate taxes, any variable common area maintenance and any other variable costs associated with the leased property, are expensed as incurred as variable lease costs and are not recorded on the balance sheet. The Company's lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictions or covenants.

## Debt Issuance Costs and Unamortized Discounts

The Company defers debt issuance costs directly associated with acquiring third party financing. These debt issuance costs and any discounts on issued debt are amortized on a straight-line basis, which approximates the effective interest method, as interest expense over the term of the related indebtedness. Deferred financing fees associated with the Company's Revolving Credit Facilities are primarily recorded within other assets in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. Deferred financing fees and unamortized discounts associated with the Company's other borrowings are primarily recorded as an offset to longterm debt in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. See Note 11 for additional information.

## Net Income (Loss) per Share

The Company's basic net income (loss) per ordinary share is calculated by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average  number  of  ordinary  shares  outstanding  during  the  period.  Diluted  net  income  (loss)  per  ordinary  share  reflects  the potential  dilution  that  would  occur  if  share  option  grants  or  any  other  potentially  dilutive  instruments,  including  restricted shares and RSUs, were exercised or converted into ordinary shares. These potentially dilutive securities are included in diluted shares to the extent they are dilutive under the treasury stock method for the applicable periods. Performance-based RSUs are included in diluted shares if the related performance conditions are considered satisfied as of the end of the reporting period and to the extent they are dilutive under the treasury stock method.

The  components  of  the  calculation  of  basic  net  income  (loss)  per  ordinary  share  and  diluted  net  income  (loss)  per ordinary share are as follows (in millions, except share and per share data):

| Fiscal Years Ended  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  March 28,  2020  Numerator:  Net income (loss) attributable to Capri  $  822  $  (62)  $  (223)  Denominator:  Basic weighted average shares  149,724,675  150,453,568  150,714,598  Weighted average dilutive share equivalents:  Share options and restricted stock units, and performance restricted  stock units  2,773,232  -  -  Diluted weighted average shares  152,497,907  150,453,568  150,714,598  Basic net income (loss) per share  (1)  $  5.49  $  (0.41)  $  (1.48)  Diluted net income (loss) per share  (1)  $  5.39  $  (0.41)  $  (1.48)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share are calculated using unrounded numbers.

Share  equivalents  of  360,378  shares,  3,658,959  shares  and  3,752,560  shares,  for  Fiscal  2022,  Fiscal  2021  and  Fiscal 2020, respectively, have been excluded from the above calculation due to their anti-dilutive effect.

Diluted net loss per share attributable to Capri for Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 excluded all potentially dilutive securities because there was a net loss attributable to Capri for the period and, as such, the inclusion of these securities would have been anti-dilutive.

## Noncontrolling Interest

The Company has an ownership interest in the Michael Kors Latin American joint venture, MK (Panama) Holdings, S.A. and  subsidiaries  of  75%,  an  ownership  interest  in  the  Jimmy  Choo  EMEA  joint  venture  JC  Gulf  Trading  LLC  of  49%,  an ownership interest in the Jimmy Choo Macau joint venture J. Choo (Macau) Co. Limited of 70% and a 50% ownership interest in J. Choo Russia J.V. Limited and its subsidiary.

## Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements

## Government Assistance Disclosures

In November 2021, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ('FASB') issued ASU 2021-10, 'Disclosures by Business Entities  about  Government  Assistance',  which  requires  all  businesses  provide  annual  disclosures  about  transactions  with  a government that are accounted for by applying a grant or contribution accounting model by analogy. These disclosures include providing the nature of the transactions and the related accounting policy used to account for the transactions, the amounts and financial statement line items impacted by these transactions, and the significant terms and conditions of these transactions, including commitments and contingencies related to such transactions. ASU 2021-10 is effective for the Company beginning in its Fiscal 2023 with early adoption permitted. The Company early adopted ASU 2021-10 during the third quarter of Fiscal 2022 and will continue to utilize the grant accounting model.

## Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements

The Company has considered all new accounting pronouncements and, other than the recent pronouncements discussed below, have concluded that there are no new pronouncements that may have a material impact on the Company's results of operations, financial condition or cash flows based on current information.

## Reference Rate Reform

In March 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued ASU 2020-04, 'Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting' and in January 2021, issued ASU 2021-01, 'Reference Rate Reform: Scope'. Both of these  updates  aim  to  ease  the  potential  burden  in  accounting  for  reference  rate  reform.  These  updates  provide  optional

expedients and exceptions, if certain criteria are met, for applying accounting principles generally accepted in the United States to  contract  modifications,  hedging  relationships  and  other  transactions  affected  by  the  expected  market  transition  from  the London Interbank Offered Rate ('LIBOR') and other interbank offered rates to alternative reference rates, such as the Secured Overnight  Financing  Rate  ('SOFR').  The  amendments  were  effective  upon  issuance  and  allow  companies  to  adopt  the amendments  on  a  prospective  basis  through  December  31,  2022.  The  Company  has  not  applied  this  ASU  to  any  contract modifications or new hedging relationships in the current year. As of April 2, 2022, the Company's outstanding borrowings under the 2018 Term Loan Facility of $495 million and the total availability of $1 billion under the 2018 Revolving Credit Facility are both indexed to LIBOR. As such, these agreements are likely to be impacted by these ASUs upon adoption.

## 3. Revenue Recognition

The Company accounts for contracts with its customers when there is approval and commitment from both parties, the rights  of  the  parties  and  payment  terms  have  been  identified,  the  contract  has  commercial  substance  and  collectability  of consideration  is  probable.  Revenue  is  recognized  when  control  of  the  promised  goods  or  services  is  transferred  to  the Company's customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for goods or services.

The Company sells its products through three primary channels of distribution: retail, wholesale and licensing. Within the retail and wholesale channels, substantially all of the Company's revenues consist of sales of products that represent a single performance obligation,  where  control  transfers  at  a  point  in  time  to  the  customer.  For  licensing  arrangements,  royalty  and advertising revenue is recognized over time based on access provided to the Company's brands.

The Company has chosen to apply the practical expedient allowing it not to disclose the amount of the transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations that have an expected duration of 12 months or less.

## Retail

The Company generates sales through directly operated stores and e-commerce throughout the Americas (United States, Canada and Latin America), EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) and certain parts of Asia (Asia and Oceania). Retail revenue  is  recognized  when  control  of  the  product  is  transferred  at  the  point  of  sale  at  Company  owned  stores,  including concessions. For e-commerce transactions, control is transferred and revenue is recognized when products are delivered to the customer, net of estimated returns. To arrive at net sales for retail, gross sales are reduced by actual customer returns, as well as by a provision for estimated future customer returns.

Sales tax collected from retail customers are presented on a net basis and, as such, are excluded from revenue. Shipping and handling costs that are billed to customers are included in net sales, with the related costs recorded in cost of goods sold. Shipping and handling costs that are not billed to customers are accounted for as fulfillment costs.

Gift Cards. The Company sells gift cards that can be redeemed for merchandise, resulting in a contract liability upon issuance. Revenue is recognized when the gift card is redeemed or upon 'breakage' for the estimated portion of gift cards that are  not  expected  to  be  redeemed.  'Breakage'  revenue  is  calculated  under  the  proportional  redemption  methodology,  which considers the historical patterns of redemption in jurisdictions where the Company is not required to remit the value of the unredeemed gift cards as unclaimed property. The Company anticipates that substantially all of its outstanding gift cards will be redeemed within the next 12 months. The contract liability related to gift cards, net of estimated 'breakage,' was $13 million and $12 million as of April 2, 2022 and March 27, 2021, respectively, and is included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the Company's consolidated balance sheets.

Loyalty Program . The Company offers a loyalty program, which allows its Michael Kors United States customers to earn points on qualifying purchases toward monetary and non-monetary rewards, which may be redeemed for purchases at Michael Kors retail stores and e-commerce sites. The Company defers a portion of the initial sales transaction based on the estimated relative fair value of the benefits based on projected timing of future redemptions and historical activity. These amounts include estimated 'breakage' for points that are not expected to be redeemed.

## Wholesale

The  Company's  products  are  sold  primarily  to  major  department  stores,  specialty  stores  and  travel  retail  shops throughout the Americas, EMEA and Asia. The Company also has arrangements where its products are sold to geographic licensees  in  certain  parts  of  EMEA,  Asia  and  South  America.  Wholesale  revenue  is  recognized  net  of  estimates  for  sales

returns,  discounts,  markdowns  and  allowances,  when  merchandise  is  shipped  and  control  of  the  underlying  product  is transferred to the Company's wholesale customers. To arrive at net sales for wholesale, gross sales are reduced by provisions for  estimated  future  returns,  as  well  as  trade  discounts,  markdowns,  allowances,  operational  chargebacks  and  certain cooperative selling expenses. These estimates are developed based on historical trends, actual and forecasted performance and market  conditions,  and  are  reviewed  by  management  on  a  quarterly  basis.  Unfulfilled,  non-cancelable  purchase  orders  for products from wholesale customers (including the Company's geographic licensees) are expected to be fulfilled within the next 12 months.

## Licensing

The Company provides its third-party  licensees  with  the  right  to  access  its  Versace,  Jimmy  Choo  and  Michael  Kors trademarks under product and geographic licensing arrangements. Under product licensing arrangements, the Company allows third parties to manufacture and sell luxury goods, including watches and jewelry, fragrances, eyewear and home furnishings, using the Company's trademarks. Under geographic licensing arrangements, third party licensees receive the right to distribute and  sell  products  bearing  the  Company's  trademarks  in  retail  and/or  wholesale  channels  within  certain  geographical  areas, including Brazil, the Middle East, Eastern Europe, South Africa and certain parts of Asia.

The Company recognizes royalty revenue and advertising contributions based on the percentage of sales made by the licensees. Advertising contributions are received to support the Company's branded advertising and marketing campaigns and are  viewed  as  part  of  a  single  performance  obligation  with  the  right  to  access  the  Company's  trademarks.  Royalty  revenue generated from licenses, which includes contributions for advertising, may be subject to contractual minimum levels, as defined in the contract. Such minimums are generally fixed annually, based on the previous year's sales. Licensing revenue is based on reported  current  period  sales  of  licensed  products  at  rates  that  are  specified  in  the  license  agreements  for  contracts  that  are expected to exceed the related guaranteed minimums. If the Company expects the minimum guaranteed amounts to exceed amounts calculated based on actual sales, the guaranteed minimums are recognized ratably over the contractual year to which they relate. Generally, the Company's guaranteed minimum royalty amounts due from licensees relate to contractual periods that do not exceed 12 months, however, some of our guaranteed minimums for Versace are multi-year based. As of April 2, 2022, contractually guaranteed minimum fees from the Company's license agreements expected to be recognized as revenue during future periods were as follows (in millions):

| Contractually  Guaranteed  Minimum Fees  Fiscal 2023  $  29  Fiscal 2024  26  Fiscal 2025  23  Fiscal 2026  23  Fiscal 2027  22  Fiscal 2028 and thereafter  48  Total  $  171   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Sales Returns

For the sale of goods with a right of return, the Company recognizes revenue for the consideration to which it expects to be entitled and a refund liability for the amount it expects to refund to its customers within accrued expenses and other current liabilities.  The  refund  liability  is  estimated  based  on  management's  review  of  historical  and  current  customer  returns  for  its retail and wholesale customers, estimated future returns, adjusted for non-resalable products. The Company also considers its product strategies, as well as the financial condition of its customers, store closings by wholesale customers, changes in the retail environment and other macroeconomic factors. The Company recognizes an asset with a corresponding adjustment to cost of sales for the right to recover the products from its retail and wholesale customers. The refund liability recorded as of April 2, 2022 and March 27, 2021 was $52 million and $46 million, respectively, and the related asset for the right to recover returned product as of April 2, 2022 and March 27, 2021 was $15 million and $14 million, respectively.

## Contract Balances

The Company's contract liabilities are recorded within accrued expenses and other current liabilities and other long-term liabilities in its consolidated balance sheets depending on the short- or long-term nature of the payments to be recognized. The

Company's contract liabilities primarily consist of gift card liabilities, advanced payments from product licensees and loyalty program  liabilities.  Total  contract  liabilities  were  $30  million  and  $18  million  as  of  April  2,  2022  and  March  27,  2021, respectively. During Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, the Company recognized $10 million and $9 million in revenue, respectively, relating to contract liabilities that existed at March 27, 2021 and March 28, 2020, respectively. There were no material contract assets recorded as of April 2, 2022 and March 27, 2021.

There were no changes in historical variable consideration estimates that were materially different from actual results.

## Disaggregation of Revenue

The following table presents the Company's segment revenues disaggregated by geographic location (in millions):

| Fiscal Years Ended  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  March 28,  2020  Versace revenue - the Americas  $  408  $  201  $  186  Versace revenue - EMEA  425  276  420  Versace revenue - Asia  255  241  237  Total Versace revenue  1,088  718  843  Jimmy Choo revenue - the Americas  175  102  107  Jimmy Choo revenue - EMEA  229  146  282  Jimmy Choo revenue - Asia  209  170  166  Total Jimmy Choo revenue  613  418  555  Michael Kors revenue - the Americas  2,627  1,869  2,822  Michael Kors revenue - EMEA  835  607  821  Michael Kors revenue - Asia  491  448  510  Total Michael Kors revenue  3,953  2,924  4,153  Total revenue - the Americas  3,210  2,172  3,115  Total revenue - EMEA  1,489  1,029  1,523  Total revenue - Asia  955  859  913  Total revenue  $  5,654  $  4,060  $  5,551   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4. Leases

The following table presents the Company's supplemental balance sheets information related to leases (in millions):

| Balance Sheet Location  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  Assets  Operating leases  Operating lease right-of-use assets  $  1,358  $  1,504  Liabilities  Current:  Operating leases  Short-term portion of operating lease liabilities  $  414  $  447  Non-current:  Operating leases  Long-term portion of operating lease liabilities  $  1,467  $  1,657   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  components  of  net  lease  costs  for  the  fiscal  year  ended  April  2,  2022  and  March  27,  2021  were  as  follows  (in millions):

| Consolidated Statement of Operations and  Comprehensive Income (Loss) Location  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  Operating lease cost  Selling, general and administrative expenses  $  410  $  432  Variable lease cost  (1)  Selling, general and administrative expenses  135  69  Short-term lease cost  Selling, general and administrative expenses  16  15  Sublease income  (2)  Restructuring and other charges  (5)  (4)  Sublease income  Selling, general and administrative expenses  (3)  (2)  Total lease cost,  net  $  553  $  510   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) The  Company  elected  to  account  for  rent  concessions  negotiated  in  connection  with  COVID-19  as  if  it  were contemplated as part of the existing contract and these concessions are recorded as variable lease expense. As of the fiscal year ended April 2, 2022 and March 27, 2021, rent concessions due to COVID-19 were $15 million and $52 million, respectively.

(2) The  Company  recorded  sublease  income  related  to  certain  leases  in  connection  with  the  Capri  Retail  Store Optimization plan.

The following table presents the Company's supplemental cash flow information related to leases (in millions):

| April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities:  Operating cash flows used in operating leases  $  543  $  488  Non-cash transactions:  Lease assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities  332  348  Rent concessions due to COVID-19  15  52   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following tables summarizes the weighted average remaining lease term and weighted average discount rate related to the Company's operating lease right-of-use assets and lease liabilities recorded on the balance sheets as of April 2, 2022 and March 27, 2021:

| April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  Operating leases:  Weighted average remaining lease term (years)  6.0  6.2  Weighted average discount rate  3.1 %  3.1 %   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At April 2, 2022, the future minimum lease payments under the terms of these noncancelable operating lease agreements are as follows (in millions):

| April 2,  2022  Fiscal 2023  $  482  Fiscal 2024  409  Fiscal 2025  325  Fiscal 2026  248  Fiscal 2027  174  Thereafter  426  Total lease payments  2,064  Less: interest  (183)  Total lease liabilities  $  1,881   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At  April  2,  2022,  the  future  minimum  sublease  income  under  the  terms  of  these  noncancelable  operating  lease agreements are as follows (in millions):

| April 2,  2022  Fiscal 2023  $  7  Fiscal 2024  6  Fiscal 2025  6  Fiscal 2026  4  Fiscal 2027  4  Thereafter  10  Total sublease income  $  37   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Additionally,  the  Company  had  approximately  $49  million  and  $23  million  of  future  payment  obligations  related  to executed  lease  agreements  for  which  the  related  lease  has  not  yet  commenced  as  of  April  2,  2022  and  March  27,  2021, respectively.

See Note 2 for additional information on the Company's accounting policies related to leases.

## 5. Receivables, net

Receivables, net consist of (in millions):

| April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  Trade receivables  (1)  $  461  $  412  Receivables due from licensees  17  20  478  432  Less: allowances  (44)  (59)  Total receivables, net  $  434  $  373   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) As  of  April  2,  2022  and  March  27,  2021,  $83  million  and  $81  million,  respectively,  of  trade  receivables  were insured.

Receivables  are  presented  net  of  allowances  for  discounts,  markdowns,  operational  chargebacks  and  credit  losses. Discounts  are  based  on  open  invoices  where  trade  discounts  have  been  extended  to  customers.  Markdowns  are  based  on wholesale customers' sales performance, seasonal negotiations with customers, historical deduction trends and an evaluation of current market conditions. Operational chargebacks are based on deductions taken by customers, net of expected recoveries. Such provisions, and related recoveries, are reflected in revenues.

The  Company's  allowance  for  credit  losses  is  determined  through  analysis  of  periodic  aging  of  receivables  and assessments of collectability based on an evaluation of historic and anticipated trends, the financial condition of the Company's customers and the impact of general economic conditions. The past due status of a receivable is based on its contractual terms. Amounts deemed uncollectible are written off against the allowance when it is probable the amounts will not be recovered. Allowance for credit losses was $10 million and $25 million as of April 2, 2022 and March 27, 2021, respectively, including the impact related to COVID-19. The Company had credit loss of $7 million, $(3) million and $29 million, respectively, for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020.

## 6. Concentration of Credit Risk, Major Customers and Suppliers

Financial  instruments  that  subject  the  Company  to  concentration  of  credit  risk  are  cash  and  cash  equivalents  and receivables.  As  part  of  its  ongoing  procedures,  the  Company  monitors  its  concentration  of  deposits  with  various  financial institutions in order to avoid any undue exposure. The Company mitigates its risk by depositing cash and cash equivalents in major financial institutions.  The  Company also mitigates its  credit  risk  by  obtaining  insurance  coverage  for  a  portion  of  its receivables (see Note 5). No individual customer accounted for 10% or more of the Company's total revenues during Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 or Fiscal 2020.

The Company contracts for the purchase of finished goods principally with independent third-party contractors, whereby the contractor is generally responsible for all manufacturing processes. Although the Company does not have any long-term agreements  with  any  of  its  manufacturing  contractors,  the  Company  believes  it  has  mutually  satisfactory  relationships  with them. The Company allocates product manufacturing among agents and contractors based on their capabilities, the availability of production capacity, quality, pricing and delivery. The inability of certain contractors to provide needed services on a timely basis could adversely affect the Company's operations and financial condition. For Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, one contractor accounted for approximately 17%, 18% and 20%, respectively, of the Company's total finished goods purchases, based on dollar volume.

The Company also has relationships with various agents who source finished goods with numerous contractors on behalf of its Michael Kors brand. For Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, one agent sourced approximately 24%, 26% and 26%, respectively, of Michael Kors finished goods, based on unit volume.

## 7. Property and Equipment, net

Property and equipment, net, consists of (in millions):

| April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  Leasehold improvements  $  575  $  737  Furniture and fixtures  218  350  Computer equipment and software  212  359  Equipment  81  139  Building  48  51  In-store shops  47  53  Land  19  20  Total property and equipment, gross  (1)  1,200  1,709  Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization  (1)  (790)  (1,271)  Subtotal  410  438  Construction-in-progress  66  47  Total property and equipment, net  $  476  $  485   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) During the fiscal year ended April 2, 2022, the Company wrote off $552 million of fully depreciated assets and related accumulated depreciation for assets which were no longer in service.

Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment for the fiscal years ended April 2, 2022, March 27, 2021, and March 28, 2020 totaled $144 million, $165 million and $200 million, respectively. During Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020,  the  Company  recorded  property  and  equipment  impairment  charges  of  $7  million,  $23  million  and  $77  million, respectively, primarily related to the Company's retail store locations. See Note 13 for additional information.

## 8. Intangible Assets and Goodwill

The following table details the carrying values of the Company's intangible assets other than goodwill (in millions):

| April 2, 2022  March 27, 2021  Gross  Carrying  Amount  Accumulated  Amortization  Net Carrying  Amount  Gross  Carrying  Amount  Accumulated  Amortization  Net Carry  Amount  Definite-lived intangible assets:  Reacquired rights  $  400  $  94  $  306  $  400  $  77  $  323  Trademarks  23  22  1  23  21  2  Customer relationships  414  112  302  437  86  351  Total definite-lived intangible assets  837  228  609  860  184  676  Indefinite-lived intangible assets:  Jimmy Choo brand  (1)  570  249  321  587  249  338  Versace brand  (1)  917  -  917  978  -  978  Total indefinite-lived intangible assets  1,487  249  1,238  1,565  249  1,316  Total intangible assets, excluding  goodwill  $  2,324  $  477  $  1,847  $  2,425  $  433  $  1,992   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) The  year-over-year  change  in  net  carrying  amount  reflects  foreign  currency  translation  for  the  fiscal  year  ended April 2, 2022. As of April 2, 2022, the Company had accumulated impairment charges of $249 million related to the Jimmy Choo brand intangible assets.

Reacquired rights relate to the Company's reacquisition of the rights to use the Michael Kors trademarks and to import, sell, advertise and promote certain of its products in the previously licensed territories in the Greater China region and are being amortized through March 31, 2041, the expiration date of the former licensing agreement. The trademarks relate to the Michael Kors brand name and are amortized over twenty years. Customer relationships are generally amortized over five to eighteen years.  Amortization  expense  for  the  Company's  definite-lived  intangibles  was  $49  million,  $47  million  and  $49  million, respectively, for each of the fiscal years ended April 2, 2022, March 27, 2021 and March 28, 2020.

Indefinite-lived  intangible  assets  other  than  goodwill  included  the  Versace  and  Jimmy  Choo  brands,  which  were recorded in connection with the acquisitions of Versace and Jimmy Choo, and have an indefinite life due to being essential to the Company's ability to operate the Versace and Jimmy Choo businesses for the foreseeable future.

Estimated amortization expense for each of the next five years is as follows (in millions):

| Fiscal 2023  $  45  Fiscal 2024  45  Fiscal 2025  45  Fiscal 2026  45  Fiscal 2027  45  Fiscal 2028 and thereafter  384  Total  $  609   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The future amortization expense above reflects weighted-average estimated remaining useful lives of nineteen years for reacquired rights, one year for trademarks and eleven years for customer relationships.

The following table details the changes in goodwill for each of the Company's reportable segments (in millions):

| Versace  Jimmy Choo  Michael  Kors  Total  Balance at March 28, 2020  881  487  120  $  1,488  Impairment charges  (1)  -  (94)  -  (94)  Foreign currency translation  52  52  -  104  Balance at March 27, 2021  933  445  120  1,498  Foreign currency translation  (59)  (21)  -  (80)  Balance at April 2, 2022  $  874  $  424  $  120  $  1,418   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) The Company recorded impairment charges of $94 million during Fiscal 2021 related to the Jimmy Choo wholesale and licensing reporting units.

The Company's goodwill and the Versace and Jimmy Choo brands are not subject to amortization but are evaluated for impairment annually in the last quarter of each fiscal year, or whenever impairment indicators exist. During the fourth quarter of  Fiscal  2022,  the  Company  performed  its  annual  goodwill  and  indefinite-lived  intangible  assets  impairment  analysis.  The Company performed its goodwill impairment assessment for its Michael Kors reporting units using a qualitative assessment. Based on the results of the Company's qualitative impairment assessment, the Company concluded that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the Michael Kors' reporting units exceeded their carrying value and, therefore, were not impaired.

The  Company  performed  its  annual  goodwill  and  indefinite-lived  intangible  assets  impairment  analysis  for  both  the Versace and Jimmy Choo reporting units, using a combination of income and market approaches to estimate the fair value of each brands' reporting units. The Company also elected to perform an impairment analysis for both the Versace and Jimmy Choo brand indefinite-lived intangible assets using an income approach to estimate the fair values. Based on the results of these assessments,  the  Company  determined  there  was  no  impairment  for  the  Jimmy  Choo  and  Versace  reporting  units  or  brand intangible assets, as the fair values of the reporting units and the brand intangible assets exceeded the related carrying amounts.

In Fiscal 2021, the Company recorded goodwill impairment charges of $94 million related to the Jimmy Choo Wholesale and Jimmy Choo Licensing reporting units and impairment charges of $69 million related to the Jimmy Choo brand intangible assets. In Fiscal 2020, the Company recorded goodwill impairment charges of $171 million related to the Jimmy Choo Retail and Jimmy Choo Licensing reporting units and impairment charges of $180 million related to the Jimmy Choo brand intangible assets.  The  impairment  charges  were  recorded  within  impairment  of  assets  on  our  consolidated  statement  of  operations  and comprehensive  income  (loss)  for  the  fiscal  years  ended  March  27,  2021  and  March  28,  2020.  See  Note  13  for  additional information.

## 9. Current Assets and Current Liabilities

Prepaid expenses and other current assets consist of the following (in millions):

| April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  Prepaid taxes  $  86  $  133  Other accounts receivables  17  13  Prepaid contracts  15  11  Interest receivable related to net investment hedges  13  12  Other  61  36  Total prepaid expenses and other current assets  $  192  $  205   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consist of the following (in millions):

| April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  Other taxes payable  $  61  $  46  Return liabilities  52  46  Accrued capital expenditures  39  17  Accrued advertising and marketing  21  11  Accrued rent  (1)  20  20  Gift and retail store credits  17  12  Professional services  15  13  Accrued litigation  13  12  Accrued purchases and samples  11  8  Accrued interest  10  10  Charitable donations  (2)  10  20  Restructuring liability  1  9  Other  81  73  Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities  $  351  $  297   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) The accrued rent balance relates to variable lease payments.

(2) The charitable donations balance relates to a $10 million unconditional pledge to The Versace Foundation as of April 2, 2022 and a $20 million unconditional pledge to The Capri Holdings Foundation for the Advancement of Diversity in Fashion as of March 27, 2021 which was funded during the second quarter ended September 25, 2021.

## 10. Restructuring and Other Charges

## Capri Retail Store Optimization Program

During  Fiscal  2022,  the  Company  completed  its  plan  to  close  certain  retail  stores  as  a  part  of  Capri  Retail  Store Optimization Program. The Company closed a total of 167 of its retail stores, with 66 and 101 stores having closed during Fiscal  2022  and  Fiscal  2021,  respectively.  Net  restructuring  charges  recorded  in  connection  with  the  Capri  Retail  Store Optimization Program was $14 million, of which $9 million and $5 million was recorded during Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021,

respectively. The below table presents a roll forward of the Company's restructuring liability related to its Capri Retail Store Optimization Program (in millions):

| Severance and  benefit costs  Lease-related  and other costs  Total  Balance at March 27, 2021  $  -  $  3  $  3  Additions charged to expense  (1)  1  3  4  Payments  (1)  (5)  (6)  Balance at April 2, 2022  $  -  $  1  $  1   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Excludes $10 million of impairment charges related to operating lease right-of-use assets partially offset by a net credit of $5 million related to gains on certain lease terminations during Fiscal 2022.

## Other Restructuring Charges

In  addition  to  the  restructuring  charges  related  to  the  Capri  Retail  Store  Optimization  Plan,  the  Company  incurred charges of $15 million primarily relating to severance for an executive officer and the closure of certain corporate locations during Fiscal 2022.

In  addition  to  the  restructuring  charges  related  to  the  Capri  Retail  Store  Optimization  Plan,  the  Company  incurred charges of $8 million primarily relating to the closure of certain corporate locations during Fiscal 2021.

## Other Costs

The Company recorded costs of $18 million and $19 million during Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, respectively, for equity awards associated with the acquisition of Versace.

## 11. Debt Obligations

The following table presents the Company's debt obligations (in millions):

| April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  Term Loan  $  497  $  870  Senior Notes due 2024  450  450  Revolving Credit Facility  175  -  Other  42  30  Total debt  1,164  1,350  Less: Unamortized debt issuance costs  3  7  Less: Unamortized discount on senior notes  1  1  Total carrying value of debt  1,160  1,342  Less: Short-term debt  29  123  Total long-term debt  $  1,131  $  1,219   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Senior Revolving Credit Facility

The  Company's  credit  facility  (the  '2018  Credit  Facility')  provides  for  a  $1  billion  revolving  credit  facility  (the 'Revolving Credit Facility'), which may be denominated in United States dollars. The Revolving Credit Facility also provides sub-facilities for the issuance of letters of credit of up to $75 million and swing loans of up to $75 million. The 2018 Credit Facility also provides for a $1.6 billion term loan facility (the '2018 Term Loan Facility'). The 2018 Term Loan Facility is divided  into  two  tranches,  with  the  second  tranche  maturing  in  December  2023,  which  requires  a  quarterly  payment  of $24 million. As of March 27, 2021, the Company has fully paid off the first tranche of the 2018 Term Loan Facility.

Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest, at the Company's option, for loans denominated in United States  dollars,  an  alternate  base  rate,  which  is  the  greatest  of:  (a)  the  prime  rate  publicly  announced  from  time  to  time  by JPMorgan Chase, (b) the greater of the federal funds effective rate and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York overnight bank funding rate and zero, plus 50 basis points, and (c) the greater of the one-month London Interbank Offered Rate adjusted for

statutory reserve requirements for Eurocurrency liabilities ('Adjusted LIBOR') and zero, plus 100 basis points, in each case, plus an applicable margin based on the Company's public debt ratings;

Borrowings under the 2018 Term Loan Facility bear interest, at the Company's option, at (a) the alternate base rate plus an applicable margin based on the Company's public debt ratings; or (b) the greater of Adjusted LIBOR for the applicable interest period and zero, plus an applicable margin based on the Company's public debt ratings.

On June 25, 2020, the Company entered into the second amendment (the 'Second Amendment') to its third amended and  restated  2018  Credit  Facility,  dated  as  of  November  15,  2018,  with,  among  others,  JPMorgan  Chase  Bank,  N.A.,  as administrative agent (the 'Administrative Agent').

Pursuant to the Second Amendment, the financial covenant in the Company's 2018 Credit Facility required it to maintain a  ratio  of  the  sum  of  total  indebtedness  plus  the  capitalized  amount of all operating lease obligations for the last four fiscal quarters to Consolidated EBITDAR of no greater than 3.75 to 1.0 had been waived through the fiscal quarter ending June 26, 2021.

In addition, the Second Amendment added a new $230 million revolving line of credit with a maturity date of June 24, 2021 (the '364 Day Facility').

The Second Amendment also permitted certain working capital facilities between the Company or any of its subsidiaries with  a  lender  or  an  affiliate  of  a  lender  under  the  2018  Credit  Facility  to  be  guaranteed  under  the  2018  Credit  Facility guarantees and certain supply chain financings with, and up to $50 million outstanding principal amount of bilateral letters of credit and bilateral bank guarantees issued by a lender or an affiliate of a lender to be guaranteed and secured under the 2018 Credit Facility guarantees and collateral documents. The Second Amendment, among other things, also temporarily suspended the quarterly maximum leverage ratio covenant and imposed a minimum liquidity test during the period from June 25, 2020 until the earlier of (x) the date on which the Company delivers its financial statements for the fiscal quarter ending June 26, 2021 and (y) the date on which the Company certifies that its net leverage ratio as of the last day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter was no greater than 4.00 to 1.00 (the 'Applicable Period').

On  May  20,  2021,  the  Company  determined  it  no  longer  desired  to  maintain  this  additional  line  of  credit  and consequently  delivered  a  notice  to  the  Administrative  Agent  terminating  the  364  Day  Facility,  and  the  364  Day  Facility terminated on May 25, 2021. The remainder of the 2018 Credit Facility remains in full force and effect.

On May 26, 2021 (the 'Election Date'), the Company delivered to the Administrative Agent the certificate required to terminate the Applicable Period. Effective as of the Election Date, the Company will be required to comply with the quarterly maximum net leverage ratio test of 4.00 to 1.00.

On September 23, 2021, the Company agreed to suspend its rights to borrow in all non-United States dollar (i.e. Pounds Sterling, Euro, Swiss Francs and Japanese Yen) currency LIBOR rate tenors under the 2018 Credit Facility after December 31, 2021 given that non-United States dollar LIBOR will no longer be published after that date.

The  Revolving  Credit Facility also provides for an annual administration fee and a  commitment  fee  equal to 0.10% to 0.25% per annum, based on the Company's public debt ratings, applied to the average daily unused amount of the Revolving Credit Facility. The 2018 Term Loan Facility provides for a commitment fee equal to 0.10% to 0.25% per annum, based on the Company's public debt ratings, applied to the undrawn amount of the 2018 Term Loan Facility, from January 6, 2019 until the term loans are fully drawn or the commitments under the 2018 Term Loan Facility terminate or expire. Loans under  the  2018  Credit  Facility  may  be  repaid  and  commitments  may  be  terminated  or  reduced  by  the  borrowers  without premium or penalty other than the customary breakage costs with respect to loans bearing interest based on Adjusted LIBOR or the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate.

As per the reinstatement election date of May 27, 2021, the Company will be required to comply with the quarterly maximum net leverage  ratio  test  of  4.00  to  1.00.  Such  leverage  ratio  is  calculated  based  on  the  ratio  of  consolidated  total indebtedness  plus  the  capitalized  amount  of  all  operating  lease  liabilities  presented  on  our  consolidated  balance  sheets  to Consolidated EBITDAR (as defined below) for the last four consecutive fiscal quarters. Consolidated EBITDAR is defined as consolidated net income plus income tax expense, net interest expense, depreciation and amortization expense, consolidated rent expense and other non-cash charges, subject to certain additions and deductions. The 2018 Credit Facility also includes covenants that limit additional indebtedness, guarantees, liens, acquisitions and other investments and cash dividends that are customary for financings of this type. As of April 2, 2022 and the date these financial statements were issued, the Company was in compliance with all covenants related to the 2018 Credit Facility.

The 2018 Credit Facility contains events of default customary for financings of this type, including, but not limited to, payment  of  defaults,  material  inaccuracy  of  representations  and  warranties,  covenant  defaults,  cross-defaults  to  certain indebtedness, certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency, certain events under The Employee Retirement Income Security Act, material judgments, actual or asserted failure of any guaranty supporting the 2018 Credit Facility to be in full force and effect, and changes of control. If such an event of default occurs, the lenders under the 2018 Credit Facility would be entitled to take various  actions,  including,  but  not  limited  to,  terminating  the  commitments  and  accelerating  amounts  outstanding  under  the 2018 Credit Facility, subject to 'certain funds' limitations in connection with the transaction governing the 2018 Term Loan Facility.

As of April 2,  2022,  the  Company  had  $175  million  of  borrowings  outstanding  under  the  Revolving  Credit  Facility, which were recorded within long-term debt in its consolidated balance sheets. As of March 27, 2021, the Company had no borrowings  outstanding  under  the  Revolving  Credit  Facility.  In  addition,  stand-by  letters  of  credit  of  $21  million  and  $27 million  were  outstanding  as  of  April  2,  2022  and  March  27,  2021,  respectively.  At  April  2,  2022  and  March  27,  2021,  the amount available for future borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility were $804 million and $973 million, respectively.

As of March 27, 2021, the Company had $230 million available for future borrowings under the 364 Day Facility, which was terminated as of May 25, 2021.

As  of  April  2,  2022,  the  carrying  values  of  borrowings  outstanding  under  the  2018  Term  Loan  Facility  were  $495 million, net of debt issuance costs of $2 million, which was all recorded within long-term debt in its consolidated balance sheets due to prepayments made on the Term Loan during Fiscal 2022. As of March 27, 2021, the carrying values of borrowings outstanding under the 2018 Term Loan Facility were $865 million, net of debt issuance costs of $5 million, $97 million of which  was  recorded  within  short-term  debt  while  $768  million  was  recorded  within  long-term  debt  in  the  Company's consolidated balance sheets.

## Senior Notes

On October 20, 2017, Michael Kors (USA), Inc. (the 'Issuer'), the Company's wholly owned subsidiary, completed its offering of $450 million aggregate principal amount senior notes due in 2024 (the 'Senior Notes'), pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Senior Notes were issued under an indenture dated October 20,  2017,  among  the  Issuer,  the  Company,  the  subsidiary  guarantors  party  thereto  and  U.S.  Bank  National  Association,  as trustee (the 'Indenture'). The Senior Notes were issued to finance a portion of the Company's acquisition of Jimmy Choo and certain related refinancing transactions.

As of April 2, 2022, the Senior Notes bear interest at a rate of 4.500% per year, subject to adjustments from time to time if either Moody's or S&amp;P (or a substitute rating agency therefore) downgrades (or downgrades and subsequently upgrades) the credit rating assigned to the Senior Notes. Interest on the Senior Notes is payable semi-annually on May 1 and November 1 of each year, beginning on May 1, 2018. See Note 20 for additional information.

The  Senior  Notes  are  unsecured  and  are  guaranteed  by  the  Company  and  its  existing  and  future  subsidiaries  that guarantee or are borrowers under the 2018 Credit Facility (subject to certain exceptions, including subsidiaries organized in China). The Senior Notes may be redeemed at the Company's option at any time in whole or in part at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, plus a 'make-whole' amount calculated at the applicable Treasury Rate plus 30 basis points.

The Senior Notes rank equally in right of payment with all of the Issuer's and guarantors' existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness, senior in right of payment to any future subordinated indebtedness, effectively subordinated in right of payment to any of the Company's subsidiaries' obligations and any of the Company's secured obligations, to the extent of the assets securing such obligations.

The Indenture contains covenants, including those that limit the Company's ability to create certain liens and enter into certain sale and leaseback transactions. In the event of a 'Change of Control Triggering Event,' as defined in the Indenture, the Issuer  will  be  required  to  make  an  offer  to  repurchase  the  Senior  Notes  at  a  repurchase  price  in  cash  equal  to  101%  of  the aggregate  principal  amount  of  the  Senior  Notes  being  repurchased  plus  any  unpaid  interest.  These  covenants  are  subject  to important limitations and exceptions, as per the Indenture.

As of April 2, 2022 and March 27, 2021, the carrying value of the Senior Notes was $448 million and $447 million, respectively,  net  of  issuance  costs  and  unamortized  discount,  which  were  recorded  within  long-term  debt  in  the  Company's consolidated balance sheets.

## Supplier Financing Program

During the third quarter of Fiscal 2021, the Company began offering a supplier financing program to certain suppliers as the Company continues to identify opportunities to improve liquidity. This program enables suppliers, at their sole discretion, to sell their receivables (i.e., the Company's payment obligations to suppliers) to a financial institution on a non-recourse basis in order  to  be  paid  earlier  than  current  payment  terms  provide.  The  Company's  obligations,  including  the  amount  due  and scheduled  payment  dates,  are  not  impacted  by  a  suppliers'  decision  to  participate  in  this  program.  The  Company  does  not reimburse  suppliers  for  any  costs  they  incur  to  participate  in  the  program  and  their  participation  is  voluntary.  The  amount outstanding under this program as of April 2, 2022 and March 27, 2021 was $21 million and $17 million, respectively and is presented as short-term debt in the Company's consolidated balance sheets.

## Japan Credit Facility

In Fiscal 2021, the Company's subsidiary in Japan renewed a short term credit facility ('Japan Credit Facility') with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group ('MUFJ'), which may be used to fund general working capital needs of Michael Kors Japan K.K., subject to the bank's discretion. The Japan Credit Facility is in effect through November 2022. The Japan Credit Facility provides Michael Kors Japan K.K. with a revolving credit line of up to ¥1.0 billion (approximately $8 million). The Japan Credit Facility bears interest at a rate posted by the Bank plus 0.300% two business days prior to the date of borrowing or the date of interest renewal. As of April 2, 2022 the Company had no borrowings outstanding under the Japan Credit Facility and $9  million  borrowings  outstanding  as  of  March  27,  2021,  which  were  recorded  within  short-term  debt  in  the  Company's consolidated balance sheets.

## Hong Kong Credit Facility

In  May 2020, the Company's Hong Kong subsidiary, MKHKL, renewed its uncommitted credit facility ('HK Credit Facility') with HSBC, which may be used to fund general working capital needs of MKHKL through January 2023 subject to the bank's discretion. The HK Credit Facility provides MKHKL with a revolving line of credit of up to 100 million Hong Kong dollar  (approximately  $13  million),  which  includes  bank  guarantees  of  up  to  20  million  HKD  (approximately  $3  million). Borrowings under the HK Credit Facility must be made in increments of at least 5 million Hong Kong dollar and bear interest at the Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate ('HIBOR') plus 200 basis points. As of April 2, 2022 and March 27, 2021, there were no borrowings outstanding under the HK Credit Facility. As of April 2, 2022, bank guarantees supported by this facility were 1 million Hong Kong dollar (less than $1 million).

## China Credit Facility

In January 2019, the Company's subsidiary in China, MKTSCL, entered into a short-term credit facility ('China Credit Facility') with HSBC, which may be used to fund general working capital needs, not to exceed 12 months. The China Credit Facility is in effect through October 2022. The China Credit Facility provides MKTSCL with a Revolving Loan Facility of up to  RMB  65  million  (approximately  $10  million),  which  includes  a  revolving  loan  of  RMB  35  million  (approximately $5 million), an overdraft facility with a credit line of RMB 10 million (approximately $2 million) and a non-financial bank guarantee facility of RMB 20 million (approximately $3 million) or its equivalent in another currency, at lender's discretion. Borrowings under the China Credit Facility bear interest at plus 0.42% of the applicable People's Bank of China's benchmark lending rate at the time of borrowing. As of April 2, 2022 and March 27, 2021, the Company had no borrowings outstanding under the China Credit Facility.

## Versace Facilities

During the first quarter of Fiscal 2022, the Company's subsidiary, Versace, entered into an agreement with Banco BPM Banking Group ('the Bank') to sell certain tax receivables to the Bank in exchange for cash. The arrangement was determined to be a financing arrangement because the de-recognition criteria for the receivables was not met at the time of the cash receipt from the Bank. As of April 2, 2022, the outstanding balance was $18 million, with $8 million and $10 million recorded within short-term debt and long-term debt in the Company's consolidated balance sheets, respectively.

In June 2019, the Company's subsidiary, Versace, entered into two uncommitted short-term credit facilities, one with Unicredit  and  the  other  with  Intesa  ('Versace  Credit  Facilities'),  which  may  be  used  for  general  working  capital  needs  of Versace. The Versace Credit Facilities provide Versace with a swing line of credit of up to €32 million (approximately $35 million),  with  interest  set  by  the  bank  on  the  date  of  borrowing.  As  of  April  2,  2022  and  March  27,  2021,  there  were  no borrowings outstanding under the Versace Credit Facility.

In  November 2018, Versace entered into an overdraft facility ('Versace Overdraft Facility'), which may be used for general  working capital  needs  of  Versace.  The  overdraft  facility  provided  Versace  with  a  line  of  credit  of  up  to  €5  million (approximately $6 million). During the second quarter of Fiscal 2022, the Versace Overdraft Facility was terminated. As of March 27, 2021, there were no borrowings outstanding under the Versace Overdraft Facility.

In January 2018, Versace entered into an uncommitted short-term credit facility ('Versace Credit Facility'), which may be used for general working capital needs of Versace. The Versace Credit Facility provides Versace with a swing line of credit of up to €20 million (approximately $22 million), which includes a bank guarantee of €4 million (approximately $5 million), with interest set by the bank on the date of borrowing. As of April 2, 2022, bank guarantees outstanding under this facility were €3 million (approximately $3 million). As of April 2, 2022 and March 27, 2021, there were no borrowings outstanding under the Versace Credit Facility.

## 12. Commitments and Contingencies

## Commitments

The  Company  has  issued  stand-by  letters  of  credit  to  guarantee  certain  of  its  retail  and  corporate  operating  lease commitments, aggregating $36 million at April 2, 2022, including $21 million in letters of credit issued under the Revolving Credit Facility.

## Other Commitments

As of April 2, 2022, the Company also has other contractual commitments aggregating $2.288 billion, which consist of inventory purchase commitments of $1.016 billion, debt obligations of $1.164 billion and other contractual obligations of $108 million, which primarily relate to the Company's marketing and advertising obligations, information technology agreements and supply agreements.

## Long-term Employment Contract

The Company has an employment agreement with the Chief Creative Officer of the Michael Kors brand that provides for continuous employment through the date of the officer's death or permanent disability at an annual salary of $1 million. In addition to salary, the agreement provides for an annual bonus and other employee related benefits.

## Contingencies

In the ordinary course of business, the Company is party to various legal proceedings and claims. Although the outcome of  such  items  cannot  be  determined  with  certainty,  the  Company  does  not  believe  that  the  outcome  of  all  pending  legal proceedings in the aggregate will have a material adverse effect on its cash flow, results of operations or financial position.

## 13. Fair Value Measurements

Financial assets and liabilities are measured at fair value using the three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosure of fair value measurements. The determination of the applicable level within the hierarchy of a particular asset or liability depends on the  inputs  used  in  the  valuation  as  of  the  measurement  date,  notably  the  extent  to  which  the  inputs  are  market-based (observable) or internally derived (unobservable). Observable inputs are inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset  or  liability  based  on  market  data  obtained  from  independent  sources.  Unobservable  inputs  are  inputs  based  on  a company's  own  assumptions  about  market  participant assumptions based on the best information available in the circumstances. The hierarchy is broken down into three levels based on the reliability of inputs as follows:

Level 1 - Valuations based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that a company has the ability to access at the measurement date.

Level  2  -  Valuations  based  on  quoted  prices  for  similar  assets  or  liabilities  in  active  markets  or  quoted  prices  for identical assets or liabilities in inactive markets, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability and inputs derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data.

Level 3 - Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement.

At April 2, 2022 and March 27, 2021, the fair values of the Company's derivative contracts, were determined using broker quotations, which were calculations derived from observable market information: the applicable currency rates at the balance sheet date and those forward rates particular to the contract at inception. The Company makes no adjustments to these broker obtained quotes or prices, but assesses the credit risk of the counterparty and would adjust the provided valuations for counterparty credit risk when appropriate. The fair values of the forward contracts are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets, and in accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets, depending on whether they represent assets or liabilities of the Company. The fair values of net investment hedges and interest rate swaps are included in other assets, and in other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets, depending on whether they represent assets or liabilities of the Company. See Note 14 for further detail.

All contracts are measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis and are categorized in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, as shown in the following table (in millions):

| Fair value at April 2, 2022, using:  Fair value at March 27, 2021, using:  Quoted prices  in active  markets for  identical  assets  (Level 1)  Significant  other  observable  inputs  (Level 2)  Significant  unobservable  inputs  (Level 3)  Quoted prices  in active  markets for  identical  assets  (Level 1)  Significant  other  observable  inputs  (Level 2)  Significant  unobservable  inputs  (Level 3)  Derivative assets:  Forward foreign currency exchange  contracts  $  -  $  4  $  -  $  -  $  2  $  -  Net investment hedges  -  44  -  -  3  -  Undesignated derivative contracts  -  4  -  -  -  -  Total derivative assets  $  -  $  52  $  -  $  -  $  5  $  -  Derivative liabilities:  Forward foreign currency exchange  contracts  $  -  $  -  $  -  $  -  $  1  $  -  Net investment hedges  -  37  -  -  263  -  Interest rate swaps  -  -  -  -  1  -  Total derivative liabilities  $  -  $  37  $  -  $  -  $  265  $  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company's long-term debt obligations are recorded in its consolidated balance sheets at carrying values, which may differ  from the related fair values. The fair value of the Company's long-term debt is estimated using external pricing data, including  any  available  quoted  market  prices  and  based  on  other  debt  instruments  with  similar  characteristics.  Borrowings under revolving credit  agreements,  if  outstanding,  are  recorded  at  carrying  value,  which  approximates  fair  value  due  to  the frequent  nature  of  such  borrowings  and  repayments.  See  Note  11  for  detailed  information  related  to  carrying  values  of  the Company's outstanding debt. The following table summarizes the carrying values and estimated fair values of the Company's short- and long-term debt, based on Level 2 measurements (in millions):

| April 2, 2022  March 27, 2021  Carrying Value  Estimated  Fair Value  Carrying Value  Estimated  Fair Value  Senior Notes due 2024  $  448  $  451  $  447  $  470  Term Loan  $  495  $  490  $  865  $  866  Revolving Credit Facilities  $  175  $  175  $  -  $  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company's cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable, are recorded at carrying value, which approximates fair value.

## Non-Financial Assets and Liabilities

The Company's non-financial assets include goodwill, intangible assets, operating lease right-of-use assets and property and equipment. Such assets are reported at their carrying values and are not subject to recurring fair value measurements. The Company's goodwill and its indefinite-lived intangible assets (Versace and Jimmy Choo brands) are assessed for impairment at least  annually,  while  its  other  long-lived  assets,  including  operating  lease  right-of-use  assets,  property  and  equipment  and definite-lived  intangible  assets,  are  assessed  for  impairment  whenever  events  or  changes  in  circumstances  indicate  that  the carrying amount of any such asset may not be recoverable. The Company determines the fair values of these assets based on Level 3 measurements using the Company's best estimates of the amount and timing of future discounted cash flows, based on historical experience, market conditions, current trends and performance expectations.

The  following  table  details  the  carrying  values  and  fair  values  of  the  Company's  assets  that  have  been  impaired  (in millions):

| Carrying Value  Prior to  Impairment  Fair Value  Impairment  Charge  (1)  Fiscal 2022:  Operating Lease Right-of-Use Assets  $  209  $  133  $  76  Property and Equipment  12  5  7  Total  $  221  $  138  $  83  Fiscal 2021:  Operating Lease Right-of-Use Assets  $  326  $  191  $  135  Goodwill  319  225  94  Brands  407  338  69  Property and Equipment  30  7  23  Total  $  1,082  $  761  $  321  Fiscal 2020:  Operating Lease Right-of-Use Assets  $  717  $  437  $  280  Brands  547  367  180  Goodwill  474  303  171  Property and Equipment  105  28  77  Total  $  1,843  $  1,135  $  708   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Includes $10 million and $5 million of impairment charges that were recorded within restructuring and other charges related to the Capri Retail Store Optimization Program during Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, respectively.

There were no impairment charges related to goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets in Fiscal 2022.

## 14. Derivative Financial Instruments

## Forward Foreign Currency Exchange Contracts

The  Company  uses  forward  foreign  currency  exchange  contracts  to  manage  its  exposure  to  fluctuations  in  foreign currency for certain of its transactions. The Company, in its normal course of business, enters into transactions with foreign suppliers  and  seeks  to  minimize  risks  related  to  certain  forecasted  inventory  purchases  by  using  forward  foreign  currency exchange contracts. The Company only enters into derivative instruments with highly credit-rated counterparties. The Company does not enter into derivative contracts for trading or speculative purposes.

## Net Investment Hedges

During the first quarter of Fiscal 2022, the Company modified multiple fixed-to-fixed cross-currency swap agreements with aggregate notional amounts of $2.875 billion to hedge its net investment in Euro denominated subsidiaries. Due to an other-than-insignificant financing element for certain of these modifications, $31 million of net interest cash receipts during Fiscal 2022 related to these contracts were classified as financing activities in the Company's consolidated statements of cash flows.

During the third and fourth quarter of Fiscal 2022, the Company modified multiple fixed-to-fixed cross-currency swap agreements with aggregate notional amounts of $1.5 billion and $2.475 billion, respectively. The modification of these hedges resulted in the Company receiving $59 million and $130 million in cash during the third and fourth quarter of Fiscal 2022, respectively. These amounts are classified within investing activities in the Company's consolidated statements of cash flows.

As of April 2, 2022, the Company had multiple fixed-to-fixed cross-currency swap agreements with aggregate notional amounts of $4 billion to hedge its net investment in Euro-denominated subsidiaries and $194 million to hedge its net investment in Japanese Yen-denominated subsidiaries against future volatility in the exchange rates between the United States dollar and these currencies. Under the term of these contracts, the Company will exchange the semi-annual fixed rate payments on United States denominated debt for fixed rate payments of 0% to 3.565% in Euros and 0% to 3.408% in Japanese Yen. Certain of these contracts include mandatory early termination dates between August 2025 and February 2026, while the remaining contracts have maturity dates between March 2024 and February 2051. These contracts have been designated as net investment hedges. Certain of these contracts are supported by a credit support annex ('CSA') which provides for collateral exchange with the earliest effective date being May 2024. If the outstanding position of a contract exceeds a certain threshold governed by the aforementioned CSA's, either party is required to post cash collateral.

When a cross-currency swap is used as a hedging instrument in a net investment hedge assessed under the spot method, the  cross-currency  basis  spread  is  excluded  from  the  assessment  of  hedge  effectiveness  and  is  recognized  as  a  reduction  in interest expense in the Company's consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). Accordingly, the Company recorded interest income of $63 million, $16 million and $71 million, respectively, during Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020.

## Interest Rate Swap

The Company had an interest rate swap with an initial notional amount of $500 million that would have decreased to $350 million  in  April  2022.  The  swap  was  designated  as  a  cash  flow  hedge  to  mitigate  the  impact  of  adverse  interest  rate fluctuations  for  a  portion  of  the  Company's  variable-rate  debt  equal  to  the  notional  amount  of  the  swap.  The  interest  rate converted the one-month Adjusted LIBOR interest rate on these borrowings to a fixed interest rate of 0.237% through the date of termination.

During the third quarter of Fiscal 2022, the Company terminated its only interest rate swap. As a result, the Company recognized a $1 million gain within interest (income) expense, net, within the Company's consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss).

When an interest rate swap agreement qualifies for hedge accounting as a cash flow hedge, the changes in the fair value are recorded in equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income and are reclassified into interest expense in the  same  period  during  which  the  hedged  transactions  affect  earnings.  During  Fiscal  2022  and  Fiscal  2021,  the  Company recorded an immaterial amount of interest expense related to this agreement.

The following table details the fair value of the Company's derivative contracts, which are recorded on a gross basis in the consolidated balance sheets as of April 2, 2022 and March 27, 2021 (in millions):

| Fair Values  Notional Amounts  Assets  Liabilities  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  Designated forward foreign currency  exchange contracts  $  119  $  155  $  4  (1)  $  2  (1)  $  -  (2)  $  1  Designated net investment hedge  4,194  3,194  44  (3)  3  (3)  37  (4)  263  Designated interest rate swap  -  500  -  -  -  (4)  1  Total designated hedges  4,313  3,849  48  5  37  265  Undesignated derivative contracts  (5)  38  13  4  -  -  -  Total  $  4,351  $  3,862  $  52  $  5  $  37  $  265   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Recorded within prepaid expenses and other current assets in the Company's consolidated balance sheets.

(2) Recorded within accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the Company's consolidated balance sheets.

(3) Recorded within other assets in the Company's consolidated balance sheets.

(4) Recorded within other long-term liabilities in the Company's consolidated balance sheets.

(5) Primarily includes undesignated hedges of inventory purchases.

The Company records and presents the fair values of all of its derivative assets and liabilities in its consolidated balance sheets on a gross basis, as shown in the above table. However, if the Company were to offset and record the asset and liability balances for its derivative instruments on a net basis in accordance with the terms of its master netting arrangements, which provide for the right to set-off amounts for similar transactions denominated in the same currencies and with the same banks, the resulting impact as of April 2, 2022 and March 27, 2021 would be as follows (in millions):

| Forward Currency  Exchange Contracts  Net Investment  Hedges  Interest Rate Swap  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  Assets subject to master netting  arrangements  $  8  $  2  $  44  $  3  $  -  $  -  Liabilities subject to master netting  arrangements  $  -  $  1  $  37  $  263  $  -  $  1  Derivative assets, net  $  8  $  1  $  42  $  3  $  -  $  -  Derivative liabilities, net  $  -  $  -  $  35  $  263  $  -  $  1   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Currently, the Company's master netting arrangements do not require cash collateral to be pledged by the Company or its counterparties.

Changes  in  the  fair  value  of  the  Company's  forward  foreign  currency  exchange  contracts  that  are  designated  as accounting hedges are recorded in equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income, and are reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into earnings when the items underlying the hedged transactions are recognized into  earnings,  as  a  component  of  cost  of  goods  sold  within  the  Company's  consolidated  statements  of  operations  and comprehensive income (loss). The net gain or loss on net investment hedges are reported within foreign currency translation gains and losses ('CTA') as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. Upon discontinuation of the hedge, such amounts remain in CTA until the related net investment is sold or liquidated. Changes in the fair value of the Company's interest rate swaps that are designated as accounting hedges are recorded in equity as  a  component  of  accumulated  other  comprehensive  income  and  are  reclassified  from  accumulated  other  comprehensive income  into  earnings  when  the  items  underlying  the  hedged  transactions  are  recognized  into  earnings,  as  a  component  of interest expense within the Company's consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss).

The following table summarizes the pre-tax impact of the gains and losses on the Company's designated forward foreign currency exchange contracts, net investment hedges and interest rate swaps (in millions):

| Fiscal Year Ended  April 2, 2022  Fiscal Year Ended  March 27, 2021  Fiscal Year Ended  March 28, 2020  Pre-Tax Gains  Recognized in OCI  Pre-Tax Losses  Recognized in OCI  Pre-Tax Gains  Recognized in OCI  Designated forward foreign currency exchange  contracts  $  11  $  (2)  $  6  Designated net investment hedges  $  435  $  (263)  $  264  Designated interest rate swaps  $  -  $  (1)  $  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following tables summarize the impact of the gains and losses within the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) related to the designated forward foreign currency exchange contracts (in millions):

| Fiscal Year Ended  Pre-Tax Losses (Gains)  Reclassified from  Accumulated OCI  Location of Losses (Gains)  Recognized  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  March 28,  2020  Designated forward currency exchange  contracts  $  1  $  (2)  $  (10)  Cost of goods sold   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company expects that substantially all of the amounts recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income for its forward foreign currency exchange contracts will be reclassified into earnings during the next 12 months, based upon the timing of inventory purchases and turnover.

## Undesignated Hedges

During Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, a gain of $2 million and a loss of $1 million, respectively, were recognized within foreign  currency  (gain)  loss  in  the  Company's  consolidated  statements  of  operations  and  comprehensive  income  (loss)  as  a result of the changes in the fair value of undesignated forward foreign currency exchange contracts. During Fiscal 2020, the Company recognized an immaterial amount of net gains.

## 15. Shareholders' Equity

## Share Repurchase Program

During the first quarter of Fiscal 2022, the Company reinstated its $500 million share-repurchase program, which was previously  suspended  during  the  first  quarter  of  Fiscal  2021  in  response  to  the  impact  of  the  COVID-19  pandemic  and  the provisions  of  the  Second  Amendment  of  the  2018  Credit  Facility.  Subsequently,  on  November  3,  2021,  the  Company announced  that  its  Board  of  Directors  had  terminated  the  Company's  existing  $500  million  share  repurchase  program  (the 'Prior Plan'), which had $250 million of availability remaining at the time, and authorized a new share repurchase program (the 'Fiscal 2022 Plan') pursuant to which the Company may, from time to time, repurchase up to $1.0 billion of its outstanding ordinary shares within a period of two years from the effective date of the program.

During Fiscal 2022, the Company purchased 11,014,541 shares with a fair value of $650 million through open market transactions. During Fiscal 2021, the Company did not purchase any shares through open market transactions. As of April 2, 2022, the remaining availability under the Company's share repurchase program was $500 million. Share repurchases may be made in open market or privately negotiated transactions, subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements, trading transactions  under  the  Company's  insider  trading  policy  and  other  relevant  factors.  The  program  may  be  suspended  or discontinued at any time.

The  Company  also  has  in  place  a  'withhold  to  cover'  repurchase  program,  which  allows  the  Company  to  withhold ordinary shares from certain executive officers and directors to satisfy minimum tax withholding obligations relating to the vesting of their restricted share awards. During Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, the Company withheld 203,863 shares and 48,528 shares, respectively, with a fair value of $11 million and $1 million, respectively, in satisfaction of minimum tax withholding obligations relating to the vesting of restricted share awards.

## Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income

The following table details changes in the components of accumulated other comprehensive income ('AOCI'), net of taxes, for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 (in millions):

| Foreign  Currency  Translation  Income (Loss)  (1)  Net Income  (Loss) on  Derivatives  (2)  Other  Comprehensive  Income (Loss)  Attributable to  Capri  Balance at March 30, 2019  $  (73)  $  7  $  (66)  Other comprehensive income before reclassifications  145  5  150  Less: amounts reclassified from AOCI to earnings  -  9  9  Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax  145  (4)  141  Balance at March 28, 2020  72  3  75  Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications  (15)  (2)  (17)  Less: amounts reclassified from AOCI to earnings  -  2  2  Other comprehensive loss, net of tax  (15)  (4)  (19)  Balance at March 27, 2021  57  (1)  56  Other comprehensive income before reclassifications  127  10  137  Less: amounts reclassified from AOCI to earnings  -  (1)  (1)  Other comprehensive income, net of tax  127  11  138  Balance at April 2, 2022  $  184  $  10  $  194   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Foreign currency translation adjustments for Fiscal 2022 primarily include a $321 million gain, net of taxes of $114 million, primarily relating to the Company's net investment hedges, and a net $210 million translation loss. Foreign currency translation adjustments for Fiscal 2021 include a $199 million loss, net of taxes of $63 million, primarily relating to the Company's net investment hedges, a net $189 million translation gain and a net loss of $8 million on intra-entity transactions that are of a long-term investment nature. Foreign currency translation gains for Fiscal 2020 include a $219 million gain, net of taxes of $45 million, relating to the Company's net investment hedges, a $60 million translation loss relating to the Jimmy Choo business, a $10 million translation loss relating to the Versace business and a net gain of $6 million, on intra-entity transactions that are of a long-term investment nature.

(2) Reclassified amounts relate to the Company's forward foreign currency exchange contracts for inventory purchases and  are  recorded  within  cost  of  goods  sold  in  the  Company's  consolidated  statements  of  operations  and comprehensive income (loss). All tax effects were not material for the periods presented.

## 16. Share-Based Compensation

The  Company  grants  equity  awards  to  certain  employees  and  directors  of  the  Company  at  the  discretion  of  the Company's Compensation and Talent Committee. The Company has two equity plans which includes one stock option plan adopted in Fiscal 2008 (as amended and restated, the '2008 Plan'), and an Omnibus Incentive Plan adopted in the third fiscal quarter of Fiscal 2012 and amended and restated with shareholder approval in May 2015 and again in June 2020 (the 'Incentive Plan'). The 2008 Plan only provided for grants of share options and was authorized to issue up to 23,980,823 ordinary shares. As of April 2, 2022, there were no shares available to grant equity awards under the 2008 Plan. The Incentive Plan allows for grants of share options, restricted shares and restricted stock units ('RSUs'), and other equity awards, and authorizes a total issuance of up to 18,846,000 ordinary shares. At April 2, 2022, there were 4,062,239 ordinary shares available for future grants of equity awards under the Incentive Plan. Option grants issued from the 2008 Plan generally expire ten years from the grant

date, and those issued under the Incentive Plan generally expire seven years from the grant date. See Note 20 for additional information.

## Share Options

Share options are generally exercisable at the fair market value on the date of grant and vest on a pro-rata basis over a four year service period. The following table summarizes the share options activity during Fiscal 2022, and information about options outstanding at April 2, 2022:

| Number of  Options  Weighted  Average  Exercise price  Weighted  Average  Remaining  Contractual  Life (years)  Aggregate  Intrinsic  Value  (in millions)  Outstanding at March 27, 2021  1,150,260  $  63.42  Granted  -  $  -  Exercised  (408,638)  $  41.48  Canceled/forfeited  (386,174)  $  92.05  Outstanding at April 2, 2022  355,448  $  57.54  2.00  $  1  Vested or expected to vest at April 2, 2022  355,448  $  57.54  2.00  Vested and exercisable at April 2, 2022  308,494  $  56.02  1.82  $  1   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There were 46,954 unvested options and 308,494 vested options outstanding at April 2, 2022. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 was $7 million and $10 million, respectively. The cash received from options exercised during Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 was $17 million and $3 million, respectively. As of April 2, 2022, the remaining  unrecognized  share-based  compensation  expense  for  unvested  share  options  was  less  than  $1  million,  which  is expected to be recognized over the related weighted-average period of approximately 0.2 years.

There were no options granted during Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 or Fiscal 2020.

## Restricted Awards

The Company grants RSUs at the fair market value on the grant date. The expense related to RSUs is based on the closing market price of the Company's shares on the date of grant and is recognized ratably over the vesting period, net of expected forfeitures.

The Company grants two types of RSUs: time-based RSUs and performance-based RSUs. Time-based RSUs generally vest in full on the first anniversary of the date of grant for our independent directors, or in equal increments on each of the third or fourth anniversaries of the date of grant (unless the employee is retirement-eligible). Performance-based RSUs generally vest in  full  on  the  second  or  third  anniversary  of  the  date  of  grant,  subject  to  the  employee's  continued  employment  during  the vesting  period  and  only  if  certain  pre-established  cumulative  performance  targets  are  met.  Expense  related  to  performancebased RSUs is recognized ratably over the performance period, net of forfeitures, based on the probability of attainment of the related  performance  targets.  The  potential  number  of  shares  that  may  be  earned  ranges  from  0%,  if  the  minimum  level  of performance is not attained, to 150%, if the level of performance is at or above the predetermined maximum achievement level.

The following table summarizes the RSU activity during Fiscal 2022:

| Service-based  Performance-based  Number of  Restricted  Stock Units  Weighted  Average Grant  Date Fair Value  Number of  Restricted  Stock Units  Weighted  Average Grant  Date Fair Value  Unvested at March 27, 2021  4,895,517  $  29.91  581,659  $  49.17  Granted  1,729,215  $  55.27  -  $  -  Change due to performance conditions, net  -  $  -  26,109  $  7.82  Vested  (2,327,165)  $  33.58  (347,561)  $  56.49  Canceled/forfeited  (469,867)  $  33.85  (50,015)  $  39.36  Unvested at April 2, 2022  3,827,700  $  38.65  210,192  $  34.25   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The total fair value of service-based RSUs vested during Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 was $78 million, $56 million and $56 million, respectively. The total fair value of performance-based RSUs vested during Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 was $18 million, $6 million and $3 million, respectively. As of April 2, 2022, the remaining unrecognized share-based  compensation  expense  for  unvested  service-based  and  performance-based  RSU  grants  was  $77  million  and  $1 million, respectively, which is expected to be recognized over the related weighted-average periods of approximately 1.9 years and 1.3 years, respectively.

## Share-Based Compensation Expense

The following table summarizes compensation expense attributable to share-based compensation for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 (in millions):

| Fiscal Years Ended  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  March 28,  2020  Share-based compensation expense  $  85  $  70  $  70  Tax benefits related to share-based compensation expense  $  14  $  12  $  7   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. The Company estimates forfeitures based on its historical forfeiture rates. The estimated value of future forfeitures for equity awards as of April 2, 2022 is $25 million.

## 17. Taxes

The Company is a United Kingdom tax resident and is incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. Capri's subsidiaries are subject to taxation in the United States and various other foreign jurisdictions, which are aggregated in the 'Non-United States' information captioned below.

Income (loss) before provision for income taxes consisted of the following (in millions):

| Fiscal Years Ended  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  March 28,  2020  United States  $  247  $  (56)  $  (28)  Non-United States  668  59  (187)  Total income (loss) before provision for income taxes  $  915  $  3  $  (215)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The provision for income taxes was as follows (in millions):

| Fiscal Years Ended  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  March 28,  2020  Current  United States - Federal  $  36  $  35  $  4  (1)  United States - State  16  20  19  Non-United States  98  81  60  Total current  150  136  83  Deferred  United States - Federal  24  (2)  (37)  (22)  United States - State  7  (4)  (3)  Non-United States  (89)  (3)  (29)  (48)  Total deferred  (58)  (70)  (73)  Total provision for income taxes  $  92  $  66  $  10   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Includes a $35 million current tax benefit due to a release of income tax reserves in the United States.

(2) Impact of United States tax accounting method change filed during Fiscal 2022 with respect to cost capitalization.

(3) Includes an Italian valuation allowance reversal during Fiscal 2022.

The Company's provision for income taxes for the years ended April 2, 2022, March 27, 2021 and March 28, 2020 was different from the amount computed by applying the statutory U.K. income tax rates to the underlying income (loss) before provision for income taxes as a result of the following (amounts in millions):

| Fiscal Years Ended  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  March 28,  2020  Amount  %  (1)  Amount  %  (1)  Amount  %  (1)  Provision for income taxes at the U.K. statutory  tax rate  $  174  19.0 %  $  1  19.0 %  (41)  19.0 %  Effect of changes in valuation allowances on  deferred tax assets  (67)  (7.3)  %  24  955.7 %  67  (30.9)  %  (2)  Effects of global financing arrangements  (56)  (6.1)  %  (24)  (953.4)  %  (41)  21.7 %  (3)  Brand tax basis step-up  (46)  (5.0)  %  -  - %  -  - %  CARES Act tax loss carryback  (43)  (4.6)  %  -  - %  -  - %  Liability for uncertain tax positions  91  9.9 %  11  414.2 %  (12)  5.7 %  Tax rate change impact on deferred items  21  2.1 %  9  351.3 %  -  - %  State and local income taxes, net of federal  benefit  12  1.3 %  5  201.5 %  4  (1.9)  %  Differences in tax effects on foreign income  10  1.1 %  13  522.4 %  (7)  1.2 %  Withholding tax  5  0.6 %  4  165.0 %  3  (1.6)  %  Share based compensation  3  0.4 %  6  247.7 %  9  (4.2)  %  Non-deductible goodwill impairment  -  - %  18  700.2 %  (4)  32  (15.1)  %  (4)  Other  (12)  (1.3)  %  (1)  (33.1)  %  (5)  (4)  1.4 %  Effective tax rate  $  92  10.1 %  $  66  2,590.5 %  $  10  (4.7)  %   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Tax rates are calculated using unrounded numbers.

(2) Mainly attributable to valuation allowances established on a portion of non-United States deferred tax assets.

(3) Mainly attributable to pre-tax loss position in Fiscal 2020.

(4) Attributable to goodwill impairment charges related to Jimmy Choo reporting units in Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020.

(5) Primarily relates to individually immaterial United States and foreign permanent adjustments.

Significant components of the Company's deferred tax assets (liabilities) consist of the following (in millions):

| Fiscal Years Ended  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  Deferred tax assets  Operating lease liabilities  $  465  $  501  Net operating loss carryforwards  108  139  Depreciation  53  54  Sales allowances  34  50  Inventories  26  25  Accrued interest  20  44  Stock compensation  7  12  Payroll related accruals  3  3  Derivative financial instruments  -  32  Other  46  42  Total deferred tax assets  762  902  Valuation allowance  (92)  (1)  (159)  Net deferred tax assets  670  743  Deferred tax liabilities  Goodwill and intangibles  (449)  (2)  (495)  Operating lease right-of-use-assets  (340)  (367)  Derivative financial instruments  (73)  -  Total deferred tax liabilities  (862)  (862)  Net deferred tax liabilities  $  (192)  $  (119)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Includes an Italian valuation allowance reversal during Fiscal 2022.

(2) Includes a reversal of a Italian brand intangible deferred tax liability.

The Company maintains valuation allowances on deferred tax assets applicable to subsidiaries in jurisdictions for which separate income tax returns are filed and where realization of the related deferred tax assets from future profitable operations is not  reasonably  assured.  The  valuation  allowance  decreased  $67  million  in  Fiscal  2022,  and  increased  $24  million  and  $94 million in Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively. In certain jurisdictions, the Company increased the valuation allowance by $34 million, $56 million and $113 million and released valuation allowances of $101 million, $32 million and $19 million in Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively.

As of April 2, 2022, the Company had non-United States and United States net operating loss carryforwards of $463 million, a portion of which will begin to expire in Fiscal 2023.

As of April 2, 2022 and March 27, 2021, the Company had liabilities related to its uncertain tax positions, including accrued  interest,  of  $221  million  and  $121  million,  respectively,  which  are  included  in  other  long-term  liabilities  in  the Company's consolidated balance sheets.

The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate was $206 million, $92 million and $82 million as of April 2, 2022, March 27, 2021 and March 28, 2020, respectively. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amounts of unrecognized tax benefits, excluding accrued interest, for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, are presented below (in millions):

| Fiscal Years Ended  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  March 28,  2020  Unrecognized tax benefits beginning balance  $  107  $  99  $  192  Additions related to prior period tax positions  105  (1)  12  29  Additions related to current period tax positions  29  (2)  9  4  Decreases related to audit settlements  (13)  (3)  (6)  (24)  (3)  Decreases in prior period positions due to lapses in statute of  limitations  (3)  (4)  (3)  Decreases related to prior period tax positions  (4)  (3)  (99)  (4)  Unrecognized tax benefits ending balance  $  221  $  107  $  99   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Primarily relates to incremental reserves in North America and Europe.

(2) Primarily relates to European tax reserves established in Fiscal 2022.

(3) Primarily relates to the effective settlement of a United States audit.

(4) Primarily relates to releases of North American and European tax reserves.

The Company classifies interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as components of the provision for income taxes. Interest and penalties recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 was $28 million, $15 million and $11 million, respectively.

The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits relating to the Company's tax positions is subject to change based on future events including, but not limited to, the settlement of ongoing tax audits and assessments and the expiration of applicable statutes  of  limitations.  The  Company  anticipates  that  the  balance  of  gross  unrecognized  tax  benefits,  excluding  interest  and penalties,  will  be  reduced  by  $52  million  during  the  next  12  months,  primarily  due  to  the  anticipated  settlement  of  tax examinations as well as statute of limitation expirations. However, the outcomes and timing of such events are highly uncertain and changes in the occurrence, expected outcomes and timing of such events could cause the Company's current estimate to change materially in the future.

The Company files income tax returns in the United States and in various foreign, state and local jurisdictions. Most examinations have been completed by tax authorities or the statute of limitations has expired for United States federal, foreign, state and local income tax returns filed by the Company for years through Fiscal 2016.

Prior to the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ('Tax Act'), the Company's undistributed foreign earnings were considered permanently reinvested and, as such, United States federal and state income taxes were not previously recorded on these earnings. As a result of the Tax Act, substantially all of the Company's earnings in foreign subsidiaries generated prior to the  enactment  of  the  Tax  Act  were  deemed  to  have  been  repatriated.  It  remains  the  Company's  intent  to  either  reinvest indefinitely substantially all of its foreign earnings outside of the United States or repatriate them tax neutrally. However, if future  earnings  are  repatriated,  the  potential  exists  that  the  Company  may  be  required  to  accrue  and  pay  additional  taxes, including any applicable foreign withholding tax and income taxes. It is not practicable to estimate the amount of tax that might be payable if these earnings were repatriated due to the complexities associated with the hypothetical calculation.

## Cares Act

On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act ('CARES Act') was signed into law in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The CARES Act contains numerous income tax provisions, such as refundable payroll tax credits, deferral of the employer portion of certain payroll taxes, net operating loss carrybacks, modifications to net interest deduction limitations and technical corrections to tax depreciation methods for qualified improvement property. The CARES Act requires the Company to make significant judgments and estimates in the interpretation of the law and in the calculation of the  provision  for  income  taxes.  However,  additional  guidance  may  be  issued  by  the  Internal  Revenue  Service  ('IRS'),  the Department of the Treasury or other governing body that may significantly differ from our interpretation of the law, which may

result in a material effect on our business, cash flow, results of operations, or financial conditions.

## 18. Retirement Plans

The  Company  maintains  defined  contribution  retirement  plans  for  its  employees,  who  generally  become  eligible  to participate  after  three  months  of  service.  Features  of  these  plans  allow  participants  to  contribute  a  percentage  of  their compensation, up to statutory limits depending upon the country in which the employee resides, and provide for mandatory and/ or discretionary matching contributions by the Company, which vary by country. During Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021, and Fiscal 2020, the Company recognized expenses of approximately $16 million, $20 million and $12 million, respectively, related to these retirement plans.

## 19. Segment Information

The Company operates its business through three operating segments - Versace, Jimmy Choo and Michael Kors, which are based on its business activities and organization. The reportable segments are segments of the Company for which separate financial  information  is  available  and  for  which  operating  results  are  evaluated  regularly  by  the  Company's  chief  operating decision  maker  ('CODM')  in  deciding  how  to  allocate  resources,  as  well  as  in  assessing  performance.  The  primary  key performance  indicators  are  revenue  and  operating  income  for  each  segment.  The  Company's  reportable  segments  represent components of the business that offer similar merchandise, customer experience and sales/marketing strategies.

The Company's three reportable segments are as follows:

- Versace - segment includes revenue generated through the sale of Versace luxury ready-to-wear, accessories and footwear through directly operated Versace boutiques throughout the Americas, certain parts of EMEA and certain parts of Asia, as well as through Versace outlet stores and e-commerce sites. In addition, revenue is generated through wholesale sales to distribution partners (including geographic licensing arrangements that allow third parties to use the Versace  trademarks  in  connection  with  retail  and/or  wholesale  sales  of  Versace  branded  products  in  specific geographic regions), multi-brand department stores and specialty stores worldwide, as well as through product license agreements in connection with the manufacturing and sale of jeans, fragrances, watches, jewelry, eyewear and home furnishings.
- Jimmy Choo - segment includes revenue generated through the sale of Jimmy Choo luxury footwear, handbags and small leather goods through directly operated Jimmy Choo retail and outlet stores throughout the Americas, certain parts of EMEA and certain parts of Asia, through its e-commerce sites, as well as through wholesale sales of luxury goods to distribution partners (including geographic licensing arrangements that allow third parties to use the Jimmy Choo  trademarks  in  connection  with  retail  and/or  wholesale  sales  of  Jimmy  Choo  branded  products  in  specific geographic regions), multi-brand department stores and specialty stores worldwide. In addition, revenue is generated through product licensing agreements, which allow third parties to use the Jimmy Choo brand name and trademarks in connection with the manufacturing and sale of fragrances and eyewear.
- Michael Kors - segment includes revenue generated through the sale of Michael Kors products through four primary Michael Kors retail store formats: 'Collection' stores, 'Lifestyle' stores (including concessions), outlet stores and ecommerce sites, through which the Company sells Michael Kors products, as well as licensed products bearing the Michael Kors name, directly to consumers throughout the Americas, certain parts of EMEA and certain parts of Asia. The Company also sells Michael Kors products directly to department stores, primarily located across the Americas and Europe, to specialty stores and travel retail shops, and to its geographic licensees. In addition, revenue is generated through product and geographic licensing arrangements, which allow third parties to use the Michael Kors brand name and trademarks in connection with the manufacturing and sale of products, including watches, jewelry, fragrances and eyewear.

In addition to these reportable segments, the Company has certain corporate costs that are not directly attributable to its brands  and,  therefore,  are  not  allocated  to  its  segments.  Such  costs  primarily  include  certain  administrative,  corporate occupancy, shared service and information systems expenses, including enterprise resource planning system implementation costs  and  Capri  transformation  program  costs.  In  addition,  certain  other  costs  are  not  allocated  to  segments,  including restructuring and other charges, impairment costs, COVID-19 related charges, charitable donations and the war in Ukraine. The segment  structure  is  consistent  with  how  the  Company's  CODM  plans  and  allocates  resources,  manages  the  business  and assesses  performance.  All  intercompany  revenues  are  eliminated  in  consolidation  and  are  not  reviewed  when  evaluating

segment performance.

The following table presents the key performance information of the Company's reportable segments (in millions):

| Fiscal Years Ended  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  March 28,  2020  Total revenue:  Versace  $  1,088  $  718  $  843  Jimmy Choo  613  418  555  Michael Kors  3,953  2,924  4,153  Total revenue  $  5,654  $  4,060  $  5,551  Income (loss) from operations:  Versace  $  185  $  21  $  (8)  Jimmy Choo  13  (55)  (13)  Michael Kors  1,005  595  850  Total segment income from operations  1,203  561  829  Less:  Corporate expenses  (190)  (152)  (152)  Impairment of assets  (1)  (73)  (316)  (708)  COVID-19 related charges  (2)  14  (42)  (119)  Impact of war in Ukraine  (3)  (9)  -  -  Restructuring and other charges  (42)  (32)  (42)  Total income (loss) from operations  $  903  $  19  $  (192)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (1) Impairment of assets during Fiscal 2022 include $50 million, $19 million and $4 million of impairment charges related  to  the  Michael  Kors,  Versace  and  Jimmy  Choo  reportable  segments,  respectively.  Impairment  of  assets during Fiscal 2021 includes $191 million, $91 million and $34 million of impairment charges related to the Jimmy Choo,  Michael  Kors  and  Versace  reportable  segments,  respectively.  Impairment  of  assets  during  Fiscal  2020 includes $434 million, $187 million and $87 million of impairment charges related to the Jimmy Choo, Michael Kors and Versace reportable segments, respectively.
- (2) COVID-19 related charges during Fiscal 2022 primarily include net inventory credits of $16 million as a result of better  than  expected  sell-through  and  severance  expense of $2 million, respectively. Net inventory credits during Fiscal  2022  reflected  a  change  in  estimate  resulting  from  better  than  expected  sell-through.  COVID-19  related charges  during  Fiscal  2021,  primarily  include  net  inventory  reserves  and  severance  expense  of  $10  million  and $24  million,  respectively.  COVID-19  related  charges  during  Fiscal  2020,  primarily  include  additional  inventory reserves and credit losses of $92 million and $25 million, respectively. Inventory related costs are recorded within costs of goods sold and severance expense and credit losses are recorded within selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss).
- (3) These charges primarily relate to incremental credit losses and inventory reserves which are a direct impact of the war in Ukraine. Credit losses are recorded within selling, general and administrative expenses and inventory related costs  are  recorded  within  costs  of  goods  sold  in  the  consolidated  statements  of  operations  and  comprehensive income (loss).

Depreciation and amortization expense for each segment are as follows (in millions):

| Fiscal Years Ended  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  March 28,  2020  Depreciation and amortization:  Versace  $  52  $  54  $  61  Jimmy Choo  31  31  33  Michael Kors  110  127  155  Total depreciation and amortization  $  193  $  212  $  249   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See Note 8 for the Company's goodwill by reportable segment.

Total revenue (based on country of origin) and long-lived assets by geographic location are as follows (in millions):

| Fiscal Years Ended  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  March 28,  2020  Revenue:  The Americas  (1)  $  3,210  $  2,172  $  3,115  EMEA  1,489  1,029  1,523  Asia  955  859  913  Total revenue  $  5,654  $  4,060  $  5,551  As of  April 2,  2022  March 27,  2021  March 28,  2020  Long-lived assets:  The Americas  (1)  $  450  $  1,001  $  1,132  EMEA  2,156  2,384  2,432  Asia  1,075  596  608  Total long-lived assets  $  3,681  $  3,981  $  4,172   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Net  revenues  earned  in  the  United  States  during  Fiscal  2022,  Fiscal  2021  and  Fiscal  2020  were  $2.989  billion, $2.016 billion and $2.898 billion, respectively. Long-lived assets located in the United States as of April 2, 2022, March 27, 2021 and March 28, 2020 were $858 million, $942 million and $1.060 billion, respectively.

As of April  2,  2022,  the  Company's  total  long-lived  assets  on  its  consolidated  balance  sheet  were  $3.681  billion,  of which, $1.633 billion related to Versace, $1.404 billion related to Michael Kors and $644 million related to Jimmy Choo.

Total revenue by major product category are as follows (in millions):

| Fiscal Years Ended  April 2,  2022  % of  Total  March 27,  2021  % of  Total  March 28,  2020  % of  Total  Accessories  $  2,901  51.3 %  $  2,158  53.2 %  $  2,933  52.8 %  Footwear  1,208  21.4 %  796  19.6 %  1,100  19.8 %  Apparel  1,027  18.2 %  720  17.7 %  1,069  19.3 %  Licensed product  241  4.3 %  185  4.6 %  222  4.0 %  Licensing revenue  212  3.7 %  155  3.8 %  201  3.6 %  Other  65  1.1 %  46  1.1 %  26  0.5 %  Total revenue  $  5,654  $  4,060  $  5,551   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 20. Subsequent Events

## Release of Collateral Related to the 2018 Credit Facility

On April 2, 2022, the Company's senior long-term, unsecured debt was upgraded to investment grade by two of the three specified rating agencies for two consecutive full fiscal quarters, meeting the criteria for the release of the collateral securing the Company's obligations under the 2018 Credit Facility.

On April 3, 2022, the Company notified the Administrative Agent under its 2018 Credit Facility that it  had  met  the conditions for the release of the collateral securing the Company's obligations under the 2018 Credit Facility. The collateral, which consists of substantially all of the assets and certain registered intellectual property of the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, was released effective April 3, 2022. See Note 11 for additional details regarding the Company's Credit Facility.

## Net Investment Hedges

During the first quarter of Fiscal 2023, the Company modified multiple fixed-to-fixed cross-currency swap agreements with aggregate notional amounts of $1 billion to hedge its net investment in Euro denominated subsidiaries and Japanese-Yen denominated subsidiaries. The modification of these hedges resulted in the Company receiving $59 million in cash during the first quarter of Fiscal 2023. These contracts have been designated as net investment hedges.

## Senior Notes Credit Rating Upgrade

On April 21, 2022, Moody's Investor Services upgraded the Company's credit rating to Baa1 from Baa2 in relation to the Company's senior unsecured notes. As a result, as of May 1, 2022 the Senior Notes now bear interest at a fixed rate equal to 4.25% per year, payable semi-annually. See Note 11 for additional details regarding the Company's Senior Notes.

## Share Repurchase Program

On June 1, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors has terminated the Company's existing $1.0 billion share  repurchase  program,  with  $500  million  of  availability  remaining,  and  authorized  a  new  share  repurchase  program pursuant to which the Company may, from time to time, repurchase up to $1.0 billion of its outstanding ordinary shares within a period  of  two  years  from  the  effective  date  of  the  program.  Share  repurchases  may  be  made  in  open  market  or  privately negotiated transactions, subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements, trading restrictions under the Company's insider trading policy and other relevant factors. The program may be suspended or discontinued at any time.

## FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This  FIFTH AMENDED AND  RESTATED  EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this 'Agreement'), effective as of March 7, 2022 (the 'Effective Date'), by and among CAPRI HOLDINGS LIMITED ,  a  British  Virgin  Islands  corporation  having  its  principal executive office in London, United Kingdom ('Capri'), MICHAEL KORS (USA), INC. , a Delaware corporation having its principal executive office in New York County, New York (the 'Company' and, together with Capri, the 'Company Parties'), and JOHN D. IDOL ('Executive').    The  Company  Parties  and  Executive  may  be  referred  to  in  this Agreement collectively as the 'parties.'

WHEREAS, the Company Parties have previously entered into that certain Fourth Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with the Executive, effective as of August 24, 2021 (the 'Restated Employment Agreement'); and

WHEREAS, the parties desire to amend and restate the Restated Employment Agreement in accordance with the terms and provisions herein contained.

NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of  the  mutual  covenants  and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

## 1. Employment.

(a) Term  / Employment.    The Company  Parties  agree to continue to employ Executive, and the Executive agrees to continue to be employed by the Company Parties on the terms and subject to the conditions contained herein. This Agreement  shall  continue  until  terminated  in  accordance  with  Section  6  hereof  (the 'Term'). Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Company Parties will be his sole employers in respect of the services contemplated by this Agreement, and the Company Parties will provide all payments and benefits to Executive under this Agreement.

## (b) Position and Duties.

(i) Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.  Executive will continue to serve as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Capri (the 'Chairman and CEO'). As  the  Chairman  and  CEO,  Executive  shall  have  general  authority  over  the business  of  Capri  and  shall  manage  the  day-to-day  operations  of  Capri;  provided, however, that Executive understands and agrees that the Board of Directors of Capri (the  'Board')  will  be  responsible  for  setting  overall  strategic  goals  of  Capri  and  its subsidiaries  (including,  without  limitation,  the  Company)  and  advising  Executive  with respect  thereto.    Executive  will  report  only  to  the  Board,  and,  subject  to  any  existing contractual obligations of Capri and its subsidiaries, all other executives of Capri and its subsidiaries  shall  report  to  Executive,  unless  Executive  determines  otherwise.  While Chairman and CEO, Executive shall devote substantially all of his full business time and attention and his best efforts to the performance of his duties; provided, however, that Executive may engage in charitable, educational, civic and religious activities and may participate  as  an  investor,  officer  or  director  or  otherwise  manage  passive  personal investments  owned  by  or  for  the  benefit  of  Executive  or  members  of  his  immediate family, but only to the extent such activities and service are permitted under Section 8(c) of this Agreement and do not interfere with the performance of Executive's duties and responsibilities hereunder. At the request of Capri, for the period during which Executive is the Chairman and CEO, Executive further agrees, without additional compensation, to act as an officer and/or director of subsidiaries of Capri in addition to the Company.  At the  direction  of  Capri,  any  rights  and  obligations  of  the  Company  hereunder  may  be assigned, in whole or in part, to such subsidiaries; provided that the Company Parties obligations with respect to compensation and benefits, including, without limitation, Base Salary  (as  defined  below),  shall  remain  the  Company  Parties'  obligations,  unless Executive  consents  in  writing  to  such  assignment,  which  such  consent  shall  not  be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

(ii) Board Membership.  During Executive's employment hereunder, each of the Company Parties shall use its best efforts to cause Executive to be elected or appointed, as the case may be, to the position of Chairman of the Board. Executive agrees that upon termination of his employment hereunder for any reason, he shall resign immediately from the Board as well as from any officerships and/or other directorships with any subsidiaries of Capri.

2. Salary.  Executive's Base Salary shall be as follows: (i) for the fiscal year ending April 2, 2022 ('Fiscal 2022'), US$1,215,000 per year; and (ii) for the fiscal year ending April 1, 2023 ('Fiscal 2023') and thereafter, $1,350,000 per year. Except as otherwise  set  forth  in  the  last  sentence  of  this  Section  2,  the  Base  Salary  shall  be payable  by  the  Company  to  Executive  in  accordance  with  the  Company's  customary payroll  practices  in  effect  from  time  to  time.    The  Base  Salary  shall  be  subject  to possible increases at the sole discretion of the Board (or appropriate committee thereof, including  the  Compensation  and  Talent  Committee  of  the  Board  (the  'Compensation Committee')); provided, however, that in no event shall Executive's Base Salary during the Term be reduced below the Base Salary set forth herein or otherwise reduced after any  increase  except  with  Executive's  written  consent.  A  portion  of  Executive's  Base Salary  equal  to  one-fourth  (1/4)  of  the  annual  retainer  paid  to  Capri's  independent directors  together  with  meeting  fees  payable  to  the  independent  directors  for  the applicable  quarter  shall  be  payable  to  Executive  by  Capri  on  a  quarterly  basis  at  the same time such retainer and meeting payments are paid to the independent directors of Capri.  For  the  avoidance  of  doubt,  this  is  not  additional  Base  Salary  or  other compensation for Executive but merely an allocation of Base Salary from the Company employer to Capri for services performed by Executive as a director of Capri. The term 'Base Salary' as utilized in this Agreement shall refer to Executive's annual base salary as then in effect.

## 3. Annual Cash Incentive.

(a) Cash  Incentive.    Executive  shall  be  eligible  to  earn  the annual  cash  incentive  payments  described  in  this  Section  3  in  accordance  with,  and subject to, the terms and conditions of, Capri's then existing executive cash incentive program  which  is  a  component  of  the  Capri  Holdings  Limited  Second Amended  and Restated Omnibus Incentive Plan (as the same may be amended or modified by Capri or  its  subsidiaries  from  time  to  time  in  their  sole  discretion,  subject  to  shareholder approval  if  required,  the  'Incentive  Plan').  The  annual  cash  incentive  payment  (the 'Annual  Cash  Incentive')  shall  be  a  percentage  of  Executive's  Base  Salary  with incentive  levels  set  at  0%  for  performance  below  established  thresholds  and  (i)  for Fiscal 2022, a maximum bonus opportunity of 400% with a target bonus of 300%; and (ii) for Fiscal 2023 and thereafter, a maximum bonus opportunity of 400% with a target bonus of 200%.  Executive's actual Annual Cash Incentive will be interpolated based on the  actual  level  of  attainment  with  performance  components,  measures  and  target values established by the Capri Board of Directors (or appropriate committee thereof). Such incentive levels may be increased by the Capri Board (or appropriate committee thereof, including the Compensation Committee) for any fiscal year in its sole discretion

but shall not be decreased below the incentive levels set forth in this Agreement without the written consent of Executive.

(b) Performance  Goals.    The  Annual  Cash  Incentive  shall  be based  upon  the  achievement  of  performance  goals  established  by  the  Board  (or appropriate committee thereof, including the Compensation Committee) over a performance period also established  by  the  Board (or  appropriate  committee  thereof, including the Compensation Committee).  The Board (or appropriate committee thereof, including the Compensation Committee) may base such performance goals upon such appropriate  criteria  as  they  may  determine.  Executive  must  be  employed  by  the Company on the date that the Annual Cash Incentive is actually paid which shall be the same  date  that  annual  cash  incentives  are  paid  to  other  senior  executives  of  the Company. The  Board  (or  appropriate  committee  thereof,  including  the  Compensation Committee) must certify the level of the attainment of the applicable performance goal for  the  performance  period  and  the  amount  of  the Annual  Cash  Incentive  payable  to Executive with respect to such performance period.  Once certified, the Cash Incentive will be paid to Executive reasonably promptly and in no event later than June 30 next following the last day of the applicable performance period.

(c) Clawback.    Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  if  the  Board  (or appropriate committee thereof, including the Compensation Committee) determines that Executive was overpaid, in whole or in part, as a result of a restatement of the reported financial  or  operating  results  of  Capri  due  to  material  non-compliance  with  financial reporting requirements (unless due to a change in accounting policy or applicable law), the  Company Parties shall be entitled to recover or cancel the difference between (i) any  Annual  Cash  Incentive  payment  that  was  based  on  having  met  or  exceeded performance targets and (ii) the Annual Cash Incentive payment that would have been paid  to  or  earned  by  Executive  had  the  actual  payment  or  accrual  been  calculated based on the accurate data or restated results, as applicable (the 'Overpayment').  If the  Compensation  Committee  determines  that  there  has  been  an  Overpayment,  the Company Parties shall be entitled to demand that Executive reimburse the Company for the  Overpayment.    To  the  extent  Executive  does  not  make  reimbursement  of  the Overpayment,  the  Company  Parties  shall  have  the  right  to  enforce  the  repayment through the reduction of future salary or the reduction or cancellation of outstanding and future incentive compensation and/or to pursue all other available legal remedies in law or in equity.  The Board (or appropriate committee thereof, including the Compensation Committee) may make determinations of Overpayment at any time through the end of the third  (3 rd )  fiscal  year  following  the  year  for  which  the  performance  evaluation  was inaccurate; provided, that if steps have been taken within such period to restate Capri's financial or operating results, the time period shall be extended until such restatement is completed.

## 4. Equity Compensation.

(a) Share-Based  Awards.    Executive  shall  be  eligible,  in  the discretion of the Board (or appropriate committee thereof, including the Compensation Committee),  for  share  option  awards,  restricted  share  unit  awards  and  other  sharebased awards on an annual basis at the same time equity grants are awarded to the other  senior  executives,  and  shall  be  made  pursuant  to  the  equity  incentive  plan generally  applicable  to  eligible  employees  of  the  Company  (currently  the  Incentive Plan), in accordance with, and subject to, the terms and conditions of the Incentive Plan as  the  same  may  be  amended  or  modified  by  Capri  in  its  sole  discretion  (subject  to shareholder  approval  if  required)  and  the  applicable  equity  award  agreement.  Such eligibility is not a guarantee of participation in or of the receipt of any award, payment or

other compensation under the Incentive Plan or any other incentive or benefit plans or programs. The  Board  (or  appropriate  committee  thereof,  including  the  Compensation Committee) shall determine all terms of participation  (including,  without  limitation,  the size  and  type  of  any  award,  payment  or  other  compensation  and  the  timing  and conditions of receipt thereof by Executive).

- (b) Effect of Termination.  Upon termination of employment (the 'Termination Date') for any reason, and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the  Incentive  Plan  and/or  any  applicable  equity  award  agreement,  any  share-based equity awards that have become vested and/or exercisable prior to the Termination Date shall  remain  vested  and/or  exercisable  after  the  Termination  Date  and  all  unvested equity shall continue to vest on the vesting schedule set forth in the applicable equity award  agreement  because  Executive  is  retirement  eligible  under  the  Incentive  Plan. Notwithstanding  anything  to  the  contrary  in  the  Incentive  Plan  and/or  any  applicable equity award agreement, in the event Executive is terminated for Cause (as hereinafter defined) any equity awards that have already become vested and/or exercisable prior to the Termination Date shall not be forfeited.
5. Employee Benefits. During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to participate  in  any  and  all  Company  employee  benefit  plans  and  programs  which generally are made available to senior executives of the Company, in accordance with, and subject to, the terms and conditions of such plans and programs (including, without limitation,  any  eligibility  limitations)  as  they  may  be  amended  or  modified  by  the Company  from  time  to  time  in  its  sole  discretion.  In  addition,  the  Company  shall reimburse Executive for all reasonable and necessary expenses (including the cost of first class air travel). Executive shall also be entitled to the following additional benefits:
- (a) Life Insurance.  The Company shall pay the premiums, up to a maximum of US$50,000 per annum, for the US$5,000,000 whole life insurance policy presently maintained by Executive.
- (b) Vacation.  Executive shall not accrue any vacation, but shall be entitled to take unlimited vacation during the term of this Agreement so long as the vacation time does not interfere with the Executive's ability to complete his obligations hereunder.
- (c) Transportation.  The Company shall provide Executive with an automobile and driver for transportation to and from the Company's offices and for other business purposes.  Such automobile shall be a Mercedes-Benz S-Class or an automobile at least substantially equivalent in price thereto.
- (d) Corporate Aircraft.  Executive shall be entitled to use of the corporate  aircraft  in  accordance  with  the  Aircraft  Time  Sharing  Agreement,  dated November 24, 2014, between Executive and the Company.

## 6. Termination of Employment.

- (a) Death  and  Total  Disability.    Executive's  employment  under this Agreement shall terminate immediately upon his death or Total Disability (as defined below).    For  purposes  of  this  Agreement,  the  term  'Total  Disability'  shall  mean  any mental or physical condition that:  (i) prevents Executive from reasonably discharging his  services  and  employment  duties  hereunder;  (ii)  is  attested  to  in  writing  by  a physician  who  is  licensed  to  practice  in  the  State  of  New  York  and  is  mutually acceptable  to  Executive  and  the  Company  Parties  (or,  if  the  Executive  and  the

Company Parties are unable to mutually agree on a physician, the Board may select a physician  who  is  a  chairman  of  a  department  of  medicine  at  a  university-affiliated hospital in the City of New York); and (iii) continues, for any one or related condition, during  any  period  of  six  (6)  consecutive  months  or  for  a  period  aggregating  six  (6) months  in  any  twelve  (12)  month  period.    Total  Disability  shall  be  deemed  to  have occurred on the last day of such applicable six (6) month period.

(b) Cause.  The Company Parties shall at all times, upon written notice to Executive given at least ten (10) days prior to the Termination Date, have the right to terminate this Agreement and the employment of Executive hereunder for Cause (as  defined  below);  provided,  however,  that  prior  to  such  termination  taking  effect, Executive shall have been given an opportunity to meet with the Board, and a majority of the Board shall have thereafter voted to terminate Executive's employment.

For  purposes  of  this  Agreement,  the  term  'Cause'  means  the occurrence of any one of the following events: (i) Executive's gross negligence, willful misconduct or dishonesty in performing his duties hereunder; (ii) Executive's conviction of a felony (other than a felony involving a traffic violation); (iii) Executive's commission of  a  felony  involving  a  fraud  or  other  business  crime  against  Capri  or  any  of  its subsidiaries;  or  (iv)  Executive's  breach  of  any  of  the  covenants  set  forth  in  Section  8 hereof; provided that, if such breach is curable, Executive shall have an opportunity to correct  such  breach  within  thirty  (30)  days  after  written  notice  by  the  Company  to Executive thereof.

(c) Executive  Termination  Without  Good  Reason.    Executive agrees that he shall not terminate his employment with the Company Parties for any reason  other  than  Good  Reason  without  giving  the  Company  Parties  at  least  six  (6) months'  prior  written  notice  of  the  effective  date  of  such  termination.  Executive acknowledges that the Company Parties retain the right to waive the notice requirement, in whole or in part, and accelerate the effective date of Executive's termination.  If the Company elects to waive the notice requirement, in whole or in part, the Company shall have no further obligations to Executive under this Agreement other than to make the payments specified in Section 7(a).  After Executive provides a notice of termination, the Company may, but shall not be obligated to, provide Executive with work to do and the Company may, in its discretion, in respect of all or part of an unexpired notice period, (i) require  Executive  to  comply  with  such  conditions  as  it  may  specify  in  relation  to attending at, or remaining away from, the Company's places of business, or (ii) withdraw any powers vested in, or duties assigned to, Executive.  For purposes of a notice of termination given pursuant to this Section 6(c), the Termination Date shall be the last day  of  the  applicable  notice  period,  unless  the  Company  elects  to  waive  the  notice requirement as set forth herein.

For purposes of this Agreement, 'Good Reason' means and shall be  deemed  to  exist  if:  (i)  Executive  is  assigned  duties  or  responsibilities  that  are inconsistent in any material respect with the scope of the duties or responsibilities of his title or position, as set forth in this Agreement; (ii) the Company or Capri fails to perform substantially any material term of this Agreement, and, if such failure is curable, fails to correct  such  failure  within  thirty  (30)  days  after  written  notice  by  Executive  to  the Company or Capri, as applicable; (iii) Executive's office is relocated more than fifty (50) miles from its location immediately prior to such relocation; (iv) the Company or Capri fails to have this Agreement assumed by a successor following a Change in Control (as defined in the Incentive Plan); (v) Executive's duties or responsibilities are significantly reduced,  except  with  respect  to  any  corporate  action  initiated  or  recommended  by Executive and approved by the Board (including any succession planning initiated and

recommended by Executive); (vi) Executive is involuntarily removed from the Board and the  Company  Board  (other  than  in  connection  with  a  termination  of  employment  for Cause,  voluntary  termination  without  Good  Reason,  death  or  Total  Disability);  or  (vii) subject to the proviso set forth in the third sentence of Section 1(b) above, the Board is managing the day-to-day operations of the Company and, after receipt of written notice from Executive to such effect (and sufficient time to cease such involvement), the Board continues to do so.

(c) Executive  Termination  for  Good  Reason.    Executive  may terminate  his  employment  hereunder  for  Good  Reason  (and  this  Agreement  shall accordingly  terminate)  by  providing  written  notice  of  his  intention  to  terminate,  and specifying  the  circumstances  relating  thereto,  to  the  Board  within  thirty  (30)  days following  the  occurrence  of  any  of  the  events  specified  above  as  constituting  Good Reason and at least ten (10) days prior to the Termination Date.

## 7. Consequences of Termination or Breach.

(a) Termination  Due  to  Death  or  Total  Disability,  for  Cause,  or Without Good Reason.  If Executive's employment under this Agreement is terminated under Sections 6(a) or 6(b) hereunder, or Executive terminates his employment for any reason other than Good Reason, Executive shall not thereafter be entitled to receive any  compensation  and  benefits  under  this Agreement  other  than  for  (i)  Base  Salary earned but not yet paid prior to the Termination Date (to be paid in accordance with the Company's normal payroll practices), (ii) vested equity in accordance with Section 4(b) and  continued  vesting  for  being  retirement  eligible  in  accordance  with  the  Incentive Plan, (iii) reimbursement of any expenses pursuant to Section 5(e) incurred prior to the Termination Date, and (iv) any Annual Cash Incentive with respect to any performance period that was completed prior to Executive's termination from employment but which has not yet been paid (with such Annual Cash Incentive to be paid at such time as it would have otherwise been paid to Executive hereunder had his employment not been terminated and such Annual Cash Incentive amount shall be subject to certification by the Board (or appropriate committee thereof, including the Compensation Committee) as  described  in  Section  3  of  this Agreement  (collectively,  the  'Accrued  Obligations'), plus, in the case of termination due to death or Total Disability only, the Pro Rata Cash Incentive  Payment (as defined in Section 7(b) below) and, in the case of death only, proceeds  from  the  life  insurance  policy  referenced  in  Section  5(b).    If  Executive's employment under this Agreement is terminated by the Company for Cause, Executive shall  not  thereafter  be  entitled  to  receive  any  compensation  and  benefits  under  this Agreement other than for the Accrued Obligations set forth in clauses (i) through (iv) above.

(b) Termination Without  Cause  or  With  Good  Reason.    If Executive's  employment under this Agreement is terminated by the Company Parties without  Cause  (which  right  the  Company  shall  have  at  any  time  and  for  any  reason during the Term) and other than for the reasons provided for in Section 6(a) above, or Executive  terminates  his  employment  for  Good  Reason,  the  sole  obligations  of  the Company Parties to Executive shall be:  (i) to make the payments described in Section 7(a) for Accrued Obligations, (ii) to make the Pro Rata Cash Incentive Payment and (iii) to  pay  to  Executive  in  a  single  lump  sum  payment,  within  thirty  (30)  days  from  the Termination  Date,  a  separation  payment  equal  to  two  (2)  times  (A)  Executive's  Base Salary  and  (B)  the  Annual  Cash  Incentive  paid  or  payable  to  Executive  pursuant  to Section 3(a) with respect to Capri's last full fiscal year ended prior to the Termination Date (collectively,  the  'Separation  Payments').  For purposes of this Agreement, 'Pro Rata Cash Incentive Payment' shall mean an amount representing the amount of the

Annual Cash Incentive payable for the fiscal year in which the Termination Date occurs, based  on  actual  performance  over  the  course  of  the  applicable  performance  period, assuming Executive's employment had not been terminated hereunder, multiplied by a fraction,  the  numerator  of  which  is  the  number  of  days  Executive  was  employed hereunder during the applicable performance period and the denominator of which is the full number of days in the applicable performance period.  Executive acknowledges and agrees that in the event the Company Parties terminate Executive's employment without Cause and other than for the reasons provided for in Sections 6(a) or 6(b) or Executive terminates his employment for Good Reason, Executive's sole remedy shall be  to  receive  the  payments  specified  in  this  Section  7(b).    In  connection  with  the Separation  Payments  or  any  other  separation  payment  made  hereunder,  Executive agrees to deliver a fully executed separation agreement and release (that is not subject to  revocation)  of  claims  against  the  Company  Parties  and  their  respective  affiliates satisfactory in form and content to the Company's counsel.

(c) No  Duty  to  Mitigate.    Executive  shall  not  be  required  to mitigate the amount of any damages that Executive may incur or other payments to be made  to  Executive  hereunder  as  a  result  of  any  termination  or  expiration  of  this Agreement, nor shall  any  payments  to  Executive  be  reduced  by  any  other  payments Executive may receive, except as may otherwise be set forth herein.

## 8. Restrictive Covenants and Confidentiality.

- (a) No-Hire.    During  the  two  (2)  year  period  following  the Termination Date, Executive shall not employ or retain (or participate in or arrange for the  employment  or  retention  of)  any  person  who  was  employed  or  retained  by  the Company Parties or any of their respective parents, subsidiaries or affiliates within the one (1) year period immediately preceding such employment or retention.

(b) Confidentiality.  Recognizing that the knowledge, information and  relationship  with  customers,  suppliers  and  agents,  and  the  knowledge  of  the Company  Entities  and  their  respective  parents',  subsidiaries'  and  affiliates'  business methods, systems, plans and policies, which Executive shall hereafter establish, receive or  obtain  as  an  employee  of  the  Company  Parties  or  any  such  parent,  subsidiary  or affiliate, are valuable and unique assets of the businesses of the Company Parties and their  respective  parents,  subsidiaries  and  affiliates,  Executive  agrees  that,  during  and after the Term hereunder, he shall not (otherwise than pursuant to his duties hereunder) disclose,  without  the  prior  written  approval  of  the  Board  acting  upon  the  advice  of counsel, any such knowledge or information pertaining to the Company Parties or any of their respective parents, subsidiaries and affiliates, their business, personnel or policies, to any person, firm, corporation or other entity, for any reason or purpose whatsoever. The  provisions  of  this  Section  8(b)  shall  not  apply  to  information  which  is  or  shall become generally  known  to  the  public  or  the  trade  (except  by  reason  of  Executive's breach of his obligations hereunder), information which is or shall become available in trade or other publications and information which Executive is required to disclose by law or an order of a court of competent jurisdiction.  If Executive is required by law or a court order to disclose such information, he shall notify the Company Parties of such requirement and provide the Company Parties an opportunity (if the Company so elects) to  contest  such  law  or  court  order.    Executive  agrees  that  all  tangible  materials containing confidential information, whether created by Executive or others which shall come into Executive's custody or possession during Executive's employment shall be and  is  the  exclusive  property  of  the  Company  Parties  or  their  respective  parents, subsidiaries and affiliates.  Upon termination of Executive's employment for any reason whatsoever, Executive shall immediately surrender to the Company  Parties all

confidential  information  and  property  of  the  Company  Parties  and  their  respective parents, subsidiaries or affiliates in Executive's possession.

- (c) Non-Compete.    Executive  agrees  that  during  the  Term, Executive will not engage in, or carry on, directly or indirectly, either for himself or as an officer or director of a corporation or as an employee, agent, associate, or consultant of any person, partnership, business or corporation, any Competitive Business (as defined below); provided, that Executive may own ten percent (10%) or less in a Competitive Business; so long as Executive is a passive investor and does not manage (whether as a director, officer or otherwise) or exercise influence or control over such business.  For purposes of this Agreement, 'Competitive Business' shall mean any of the companies set forth in Annex A to this Agreement.
9. Injunction.    It  is  recognized  and  hereby  acknowledged  by  the parties  hereto  that  a  breach  or  violation  by  Executive  of  any  of  the  covenants  or agreements contained in Section 9 of this Agreement may cause irreparable harm and damage to the Company Parties or their respective parents, subsidiaries or affiliates, the  monetary  amount  of  which  may  be  virtually  impossible  to  ascertain.    Therefore, Executive recognizes and hereby agrees that the Company Parties and their respective parents,  subsidiaries  and  affiliates  shall  be  entitled  to  an  injunction  from  any  court  of competent jurisdiction enjoining and restraining any breach or violation of any or all of the covenants and agreements contained in Section 9 of this Agreement by Executive and/or his employees, associates, partners or agents, or entities controlled by one or more  of  them,  either  directly  or  indirectly,  and  that  such  right  to  injunction  shall  be cumulative and in addition to whatever other rights or remedies the Company Parties and their respective parents, subsidiaries or affiliates may possess.
10. Indemnification.  To the extent permitted by law and the Company Parties  by-laws  or  other  governing  documents,  the  Company  Parties  will  indemnify Executive  with  respect  to  any  claims  made  against  him  as  an  officer,  director  or employee of the Company Parties or any subsidiary of either of the Company Parties, except  for  acts  taken  in  bad  faith  or  in  breach  of  his  duty  of  loyalty  to  the  Company Parties or such subsidiary.  During the Term and for as long thereafter as is practicable, Executive shall be covered under a directors and officers liability insurance policy with coverage  limits  in  amounts  no  less  than  that  which  the  Company  Parties  currently maintain as of the date of this Agreement.
11. Taxes.    All  payments  to  be  made  to  and  on  behalf  of  Executive under this Agreement will be subject to required withholding of federal, state and local income and employment taxes, and to related record reporting requirements, including, with  respect  to  the  retainer  and  meeting  payments  referred  to  in  the  last  sentence  of Section 3, applicable U.K. statutory reductions.
12. Executive's  Representations;  No  Delegation.    Executive  hereby represents and warrants that he is not precluded, by any agreement to which he is a party or to which he is subject, from executing and delivering this Agreement, and that this Agreement and his performance of the duties and responsibilities set forth herein does not violate any such agreement. Executive shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company  Parties  and  their  respective  parents,  subsidiaries  and  affiliates  and  their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and advisors for any liabilities, losses and  costs  (including  reasonable  attorney's  fees)  arising  from  any  breach  or  alleged breach of the foregoing representation and warranty. Executive shall not delegate his employment obligations under this Agreement to any other person.

13. Governing  Law.    This  Agreement  shall  be  governed  by  and construed  in  accordance  with  the  laws  of  the  State  of  New  York  applicable  to agreements made and to be performed in that state, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.
14. Entire  Agreement;  Amendment.    This  Agreement  supersedes  all prior agreements between the parties with respect to its subject matter (except for any long-term incentive awards agreements entered into between Capri and Executive), is intended (with the documents referred to herein) as a complete and exclusive statement of  the  terms  of  the  agreement  between  the  parties  with  respect  thereto  and  may  be amended only by a writing signed by all parties hereto.
15. Notices.    Any  notice  or  other  communication  made  or  given  in connection with this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when  delivered  by  hand,  by  facsimile transmission, by a nationally recognized  overnight  delivery  service  or  mailed  by  registered  mail,  return  receipt requested, to a party at his or its address set forth below or at such other address as a party may specify by notice to the others:

If to Capri:

33 Kingsway London WC2B 6UF United Kingdom Attention: Corporate Secretary If to the Company:

11 West 42 nd Street New York, NY  10036

Fax:  646-354-4901

Attention:

General Counsel

If to Executive:

At the home address on file with the Company

Fax:  516-365-6872

or to such other addresses as either party hereto may from time to time specify to the other.  Any notice given as aforesaid shall be deemed received upon actual delivery.

16. Assignment.  Except as otherwise provided in this Section 16 and Section 1(d), this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto  and  their  respective  heirs,  representatives,  successors  and  assigns.  This Agreement  shall  not  be  assignable  by  Executive  and  shall  be  assignable  by  the Company Parties, in whole or in part, only (i) to Capri or any of its subsidiaries and (ii) subject to compliance with Section 1(d).
17. Severability.    The  invalidity  of  any  one  or  more  of  the  words, phrases, sentences, clauses or sections contained in this Agreement shall not affect the enforceability  of  the  remaining  portions  of  this Agreement,  or  any  part  thereof,  all  of which are inserted conditionally on their being valid in law, and, in the event that any one  or  more  of  the  words,  phrases,  sentences,  clauses  or  sections  contained  in  this

Agreement  shall  be  declared  invalid,  this  Agreement  shall  be  construed  as  if  such invalid word or words, phrase or phrases, sentence or sentences, clause or clauses, or section or sections had not been inserted.

18. Waiver.  The failure of any party to insist upon strict adherence to any  term  or  condition  of  this  Agreement  on  any  occasion  shall  not  be  considered  a waiver or deprive that party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Agreement.  Any waiver must be in writing.
19. Section Headings. The section headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purpose only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
20. Counterparts.  This  Agreement  may  be  executed  in  two  or  more counterparts, each of which shall be considered an original, but all of which together shall constitute the same instrument.
21. Arbitration.  Any dispute or claim between the parties hereto arising out  of,  or  in  connection  with,  this  Agreement  and/or  Executive's  employment  shall become a matter for arbitration; provided, however, that Executive acknowledges and agrees  that  in  the  event  of  any  alleged  violation  of  Section  9  hereof,  the  Company Parties and any of their respective parents, subsidiaries and affiliates shall be entitled to obtain  from  any  court  in  the  State  of  New  York,  temporary,  preliminary  or  permanent injunctive relief as well as damages, which rights shall be in addition to any other rights or remedies to which it may be entitled.  The arbitration shall take place in New York City and shall be before a neutral arbitrator in accordance with the Commercial Rules of the  American  Arbitration  Association;  provided,  however,  that  to  the  extent  such arbitration involves any allegation(s) of a violation of any law, rule or regulation which prohibits discrimination in employment, the arbitrator shall apply the National Rules for the  Resolution  of  Employment  Disputes  (as  modified)  of  the  American  Arbitration Association  then  existing  in  determining  the  damages,  if  any,  to  be  awarded  and  the allocation of costs and attorneys' fees between or among the parties.  The decision or award of the arbitrator shall be final and binding upon the parties hereto.  The parties shall abide by all awards recorded in such arbitration proceedings, and all such awards may  be  entered  and  executed  upon  in  any  court  having  jurisdiction  over  the  party against whom or which enforcement of such award is sought.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed and delivered this Agreement as of March 7, 2022.

## CAPRI HOLDINGS LIMITED

By:

/s/ Jenna Hendricks

Name: Jenna Hendricks

Title:   Senior Vice President, Chief People Officer

## MICHAEL KORS (USA), INC.

By:

/s/ Jenna Hendricks

Name: Jenna Hendricks

Title:   Senior Vice President, Chief People Officer

JOHN D. IDOL

/s/ John D. Idol

## ANNEX A

## Competitors

Burberry Group PLC Chanel Christian Louboutin Compagnie  Financière  Richemont  SA  (including,  but  not  limited  to,  Azzedine  Alaïa, Cartier, Chloé, Lancel, Montblanc, Piaget and Van Cleef &amp; Arpels) Dolce &amp; Gabana Hermes International Hugo Boss Kering  (including,  but  not  limited  to,  Gucci,  Bottega  Veneta,  Yves  Saint  Laurent, Alexander McQueen, Balenciaga and Stella McCartney) LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SA (including, but not limited to, Celine, Christian Dior, Fendi, Givenchy, Marc Jacobs, Louis Vuitton and Tiffany) PVH Corp. and its affiliated brands (including, but not limited to, Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger) Prada Group (including, but not limited to, Prada and Miu Miu) Ralph Lauren Corporation Salvatore Ferragamo Tapestry (including Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman) Tod's Group Tory Burch LLC Tumi Holdings, Inc. Valentino S.P.A. V.F. Corporation

## SEPARATION AGREEMENT

This Separation Agreement ('Agreement'), by and between Joshua Schulman ('Executive'  or  'you'),  Capri  Holdings  Limited  ('Capri'),  and  Michael  Kors  (USA),  Inc. ('Michael Kors', and together with Capri and all of its affiliates, the 'Company').

## RECITALS

WHEREAS , Executive is Chief Executive of Officer of Michael Kors;

WHEREAS, Executive executed the Employment Agreement, effective August 24, 2021, with the Company (the 'Employment Agreement');

WHEREAS, Executive executed the Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement under the Capri Holdings Limited Second Amended and Restated Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 'Equity Incentive Plan') on or about September 1, 2021 (the 'Equity Agreement'); and

WHEREAS, Executive and the Company have determined to terminate their employment relationship.

- NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants and agreements set forth herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows as of the Effective Date (as defined below).
1. Separation of Service.  Separation of Service.  Beginning on March 7, 2022 (the 'Separation Date'), Executive shall be placed on an administrative leave through the end of day on September 2, 2022 (the 'Termination Date') (the Separation Date through the Termination Date is hereinafter referred to as the 'Garden Leave Period').    During the Garden Leave Period, you shall not be required to come into the office or to provide services to the Company, nor shall you have any further obligations to the Company, other than as expressly provided herein. As of the  Separation  Date,  neither  you  nor  the  Company  shall  represent  that  you  are  an  employee, officer, agent or representative of the Company for any purpose. Executive agrees to promptly execute such documents as the Company may request to effectuate such cessation of service as of  the  Separation  Date.    Except  as  otherwise  set  forth  in  paragraphs  2  and  4  below,  the Separation Date shall be the termination date of your employment for purposes of participation in and coverage under all benefit plans and programs sponsored by or through any 'Company Entities' (as defined in paragraph 6 hereof), including but not limited to the Company's 401(k) Plan,  group  medical  and  dental  plans,  life  insurance,  accidental  death  and  dismemberment insurance, short- and long-term disability insurance and the annual cash incentive plan, except that you shall be entitled to continuation of health benefits pursuant to COBRA. Executive will be  entitled  to  receive  benefits,  which  are  vested  and  accrued  prior  to  the  Separation  Date pursuant  to  the  employee  benefit  plans  of  the  Company.  The  Termination  Date  shall  be  the termination  date  of  your  employment  for  purposes  of  the  Equity  Incentive  Plan  For  the avoidance of doubt, following execution of this Agreement, you shall be entitled to receive 20% of your RSU grant, on a date not later than September 2, 2022, notwithstanding any event prior to such date other than your breach of the Restricted Covenants.
2. Payment.  Provided that Executive timely executes this Agreement in accordance with paragraph 20, and does not revoke this Agreement within the period specified in paragraph 20, then subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including Executive's continued compliance with paragraphs 8 and 10 of this Agreement, Michael Kors will pay the Executive the severance payments to which Executive is entitled pursuant to the Employment Agreement which consistent of the following:
- (a) Continued  payment  of  Executive's  base  salary  (at  a  rate  of  $1,300,000)  for  a period of two (2) years, commencing on the Separation Date and ending on March 6, 2024 (the 'Severance Payment End Date'), totaling $2,600,000 (the 'Severance Period Salary Continuation');
- (b) Payment equivalent to two (2) years of Executive's target annual cash incentive (using a base salary of $1,300,000), totaling $5,200,000 (the 'Severance Period Annual Bonus');
- (c) Payment of $700,000 as a guaranteed annual cash incentive for fiscal 2022 (the 'Guaranteed FY 22 Bonus'); and
- (d) An additional payment, if any, based on actual Company performance for fiscal 2022,  to  the  extent  actual  Company  performance  results  in  a  cash  incentive payment for fiscal 2022 in excess of the Guaranteed FY 22 Bonus, and pro-rated to reflect 28 weeks out of 53 weeks of service which reflects the portion of fiscal year 2022 that Executive was actually employed by the Company (the 'Pro Rata FY 22 Bonus').  For the avoidance of doubt, the Pro Rata FY 22 Bonus will only be paid if annual cash incentives are paid to similarly situated Executives under the Company's annual cash incentive plan, and should the Company elect, in its sole  discretion,  to  not  pay  out  annual  cash  incentives  to  its  executive  officers under  the  Company's  annual  cash  incentive  plan  in  respect  of  fiscal  2022, Executive  shall  not  be  entitled  to  any  Pro  Rata  FY  22  Bonus.  Along  with payment, the Company will provide Executive with the metrics which are used for calculation of bonus for him and all executives similarly situated.

All payments to be made or provided to Executive under this Agreement will be subject to all applicable tax withholding as required by applicable federal, state and local withholding tax laws. The payments received in this paragraph 2 are adequate and sufficient for entering into this Agreement and include benefits to which Executive is not otherwise entitled.

3. Payment  Timing.  Provided  that  Executive  timely  executes  this  Agreement  in accordance with paragraph 20, and does not revoke this Agreement within the period specified in paragraph 20, then subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including Executive's continued compliance with paragraphs 8 and 10 of this Agreement, the payments described in paragraph 2 shall be paid as follows:
2. (a) the  sum  of  the  Severance  Period  Salary  Continuation  and  Severance  Period Annual Bonus will be paid to Executive in substantially equal installments on the Company's  normal  payroll  schedule  beginning  on  the  Company's  first  normal payroll  date  occurring  after  the  Separation  Date  and  ending  on  the  Company's normal payroll date that includes the Severance Payment End Date; and
3. (b) the Guaranteed FY 22 Bonus and the Pro Rata FY 22 Bonus (if payable) will be paid  to  Executive  at  the  time  such  bonuses  are  otherwise  paid  to  actively employed similarly situated senior executives of the Company.
4. Equity  Awards.  Executive's  outstanding  equity  awards  pursuant  to  the  Equity Agreement will continue to vest during the Garden Leave Period.  The equity awards pursuant to the Equity Agreement will remain subject in all respects to the terms, conditions and restrictions of  the  Equity  Agreement  and  the  Incentive  Plan,  including,  without  limitation,  the  payment, restrictive covenant and forfeiture provisions contained therein; provided that, in the event of a conflict between the restrictive covenant provisions in the Equity Agreement  and the Employment  Agreement,  the  restrictive  covenants  in  the  Employment  Agreement  (which  are

expressly incorporated into this Agreement) shall prevail. All portions of the equity awards that are not eligible to become vested during the Garden Leave Period shall be forfeited immediately following the last day of the Garden Leave Period.  Executive shall not be entitled to receive any new equity compensation awards on or after the Separation Date.

5. Acknowledgment.    You  acknowledge  and  agree  that  the  payments  provided pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Agreement: (i) is in full discharge of any and all liabilities and obligations of all Company Entities to you, monetarily or with respect to employee benefits or otherwise, including but not limited to any and all obligations arising under any alleged written or  oral  employment  agreement,  policy,  plan  or  procedure  of  the  Company  and/or  any  alleged understanding  or  arrangement  between  you  and  the  Company;  and  (ii)  is  in  addition  to  any payment, benefit, or other thing of value to which you might otherwise be entitled under any policy, plan or procedure of the Company and/or any agreement between you and the Company. You  further  acknowledge  and  agree  that  you  are  not  and  will  not  be  due  any  additional compensation or severance, including, but not limited to, compensation for unpaid salary (except for amounts unpaid and owing for your employment with the Company prior to the Separation Date).    Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  the  Company  shall  reimburse  you  for  appropriate expenses  incurred  by  you  during  your  employment  (and  not  previously  reimbursed)  promptly after  you  submit  appropriate  documentation  with  respect  thereto.  You  acknowledge  that, effective January 1, 2022, the Company ceased providing accrual and payout of vacation days to its  employees  and  any  accrued  and  unused  vacation  days  prior  to  such  date  were  cancelled without  payment  on  December  31,  2021.  Accordingly,  the  Company  does  not  owe  you  any further payments with respect to accrued but unused vacation days.
6. General Release.  (a)  In  consideration  for  the  payments  to  be  provided  to  you pursuant  to  paragraph  2  above,  and  for  other  valuable  consideration  as  set  forth  in  the Agreement,  you,  for  yourself  and  for  your  heirs,  executors,  administrators,  trustees,  legal representatives and assigns (hereinafter referred to collectively as 'Releasors'), forever release and  discharge  the  Company  and  its  past,  present  and  future  parent  entities,  subsidiaries, divisions, affiliates and related business entities, successors and assigns, assets, employee benefit and/or pension plans or funds (including qualified and non-qualified plans or funds), and any of its or their respective past, present and/or future directors, officers, fiduciaries, agents, trustees, administrators, employees, insurers, attorneys and assigns, acting on behalf of the Company or in connection  with  Company  business    (collectively,  the  'Company  Entities')  from  any  and  all claims, demands, causes of action, fees and liabilities of any kind whatsoever (upon any legal or equitable theory, whether contractual, common-law, statutory, federal, state, local, or otherwise), whether known or unknown, which you ever had, now have, or may have against any of the Company Entities by reason of any act, omission, transaction, practice, plan, policy, procedure, conduct, occurrence, or other matter related to your employment or the termination thereof up to and including the date on which you sign this Agreement.
3. (b) Without  limiting  the  generality  of  the  foregoing,  this  Agreement  is  intended  to and shall release the Company Entities from any and all claims, whether known or unknown, which Releasors ever had, now have, or may have against the Companies Entities arising out of your employment and/or your separation from that employment, including, but not limited to, any  claim  under:  (i)  the  Age  Discrimination  in  Employment  Act,  as  amended  by  the  Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, (ii) Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or under the Civil Rights  Act  of  1991,  (iii)  the  Americans  with  Disabilities  Act;  (iv)  the  Employee  Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (excluding claims for accrued, vested benefits under any employee benefit or pension plan of the Company Entities subject to the terms and conditions of such plan and applicable law), (v) the Family and Medical Leave Act, (vi) 42 USC §§ 1981-86, (vii) the Equal Pay Act, (viii) the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, (ix) Section 922 of the Dodd-Frank Act, (x) the Federal False Claims Act, the New York State Human Rights Law; (xi) the New York City Administrative Code; (xii) the New York Labor Law; (xiii) the New York Minimum Wage

Act;  (xiv)  the  statutory  provisions  regarding  retaliation/discrimination  under  the  New  York Worker's Compensation Law; and (xv) the New York City Earned Sick Time Act, as all of those statutes  may  have  been  amended.  Without  limiting  the  generality  of  the  foregoing,  this Agreement is also intended to and shall release the Company Entities from any and all claims, whether  known  or  unknown,  which  Releasors  ever  had,  now  have,  or  may  have  against  the Companies Entities, whether based on federal, state, or local law, statutory or decisional, arising out of your employment, the termination of such employment, and/or any of the events relating directly  or  indirectly  to  or  surrounding  the  termination  of  that  employment,  including,  but  not limited to, any claims for wrongful or retaliatory discharge, breach of contract (express, implied or  otherwise),  breach  of  the  covenant  of  good  faith  and  fair  dealing,  detrimental  reliance, interference  with  contractual  relations  or  any  prospective  business  advantage,  defamation, slander  or  libel,  invasion  of  privacy,  intentional  and  negligent  infliction  of  emotional  distress, false  imprisonment,  compensatory  or  punitive  damages,  any  claims  for  attorneys'  fees,  costs, disbursements and/or the like, any claims for wages, bonuses, or other benefits, and any claims for  negligence  or  intentional  tort,  arising  up  to  and  including  the  date  on  which  you  sign  this Agreement.

- (c) Nothing in this  Agreement prevents you from providing truthful information to any governmental entity, nor does it interfere with your right to file a charge with or participate in  any investigation or proceeding conducted by the Department of Labor, the National Labor Relations  Board,  the  Occupational  Safety  and  Health  Administration,  the  Equal  Employment Opportunity Commission or a state or local fair employment practices agency.  Nevertheless, you acknowledge  and  agree  that  you  hereby  waive  any  right  to  seek  or  to  share  in  any  relief, monetary or otherwise, relating to any claim released herein whether such claim was initiated by you or not.
- (d) The Company hereby releases the Releasors from any and all claims, demands, causes of action, fees and liabilities of any kind whatsoever (upon any legal or equitable theory, whether contractual, common-law, statutory, federal, state, local, or otherwise), whether known or  unknown,  which  the  Company  Entities  ever  had,  now  have,  or  may  have  against  the Releasors, directly or indirectly, by reason of any act, omission, conduct, occurrence, or other matter related to your employment or the termination thereof and/or any of the events relating directly or indirectly to or surrounding the termination of that employment up to and including the date on which the Company signs this Agreement.
7. No  Prior  or  Pending  Proceedings.    Each  of  you  and  the  Company  Entities, respectively, acknowledge and agree that you/they have not commenced, maintained, prosecuted or participated in any action, suit, charge, grievance, complaint or proceeding of any kind against the other in any court or before any administrative or investigative body or agency and/or that you/they are  hereby  withdrawing  with  prejudice  any  such  complaints,  charges,  or  actions  that you/they may have filed against the other.  You and the Company Entities further acknowledge and agree, respectively, that by virtue of the foregoing, you/they have waived all relief available to you/them (including without limitation, monetary damages, equitable relief and reinstatement) under any of the claims and/or causes of action waived in paragraphs above.
8. Non-Disparagement.  (a)(i) Executive agrees not to disparage the Company or any of  its  directors,  officers,  employees,  agents,  representatives  or  licensees  ('Restricted  Parties') and not to publish or make any disparaging statement that is reasonably foreseeable to become public with respect to the Restricted Parties; and (ii) each of Capri and Michael Kors agree that it shall not disparage, and it shall not authorize or permit any director or 'executive officer' (as defined  in  Rule  3b-7  of  the  U.S.  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934,  as  amended  (the  'SEC Officers')) or any of their direct reports to disparage, Executive, nor shall Capri or Michael Kors make,  or  authorize  or  permit  any  such  persons  to  make,  any  statement  that  is  reasonably foreseeable to become public with respect to Executive. The obligations of Capri and Michael

Kors under this paragraph shall be limited to the direct or indirect actions of its directors and SEC Officers and their direct reports during the period in which they are providing services to or employed by the Company or receiving any post-termination benefits from the Company.

- (b)    Nothing  in  this  paragraph  or  this  Agreement  shall  preclude  you  from  providing truthful  information  about  your  employment  as  may  be  required  by  law  in  response  to  a subpoena or court order or to a government agency in connection with any investigation it is conducting  or  may  conduct  or  limit  your  rights  not  waived  as  described  in  paragraph  6. Additionally,  for  the  avoidance  of  doubt,  nothing  in  this  Agreement  shall  preclude  you  from generally  describing  your  work  responsibilities  at  the  Company  in  connection  with  seeking future employment.
9. Cooperation  in  Litigation.    (a)    You  agree  that  you  will  cooperate  with  the Company and/or the Company Entities and its or their respective counsel in connection with any investigation, administrative proceeding or litigation relating to any matter that occurred during your employment in which you were involved or of which you have knowledge, provided you shall not be compelled to prejudice your own interests.
- (b)  You agree that, in the event you are subpoenaed by any person or entity (including, but not limited to, any government agency) to give testimony (in a deposition, court proceeding or  otherwise)  which  in  any  way  relates  to  your  employment  by  the  Company  and/or  the Company Entities, you will give prompt notice of such request to the Company's Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Sustainability Officer at 11 West 42nd Street, New York, New York, 10036.  However, no notice shall be required if you are prohibited from providing such notice by law or to the extent such notice would be deemed to interfere with or chill your rights not waived in paragraph 6(c).
10. Confidential Information; Non-Solicitation; Non-Compete. The restrictive covenants  set  forth  in  Section  6(a)  through  (c)  inclusive  (the  'Restrictive  Covenants')  of  the Employment Agreement shall continue to apply for the applicable period commencing with the Separation Date and shall be deemed made a part hereof as if set forth herein in full, except that the Company agrees that the last day of the Restricted Period under the non-compete in Section 6(c)  shall  be  the  Termination  Date.  In  the  event  of  a  breach  by  Executive  of  the  Restrictive Covenants, the remedy provision in Section 6(f) of the Employment Agreement shall apply.
11. Return  of  Company  Property.    You  represent  that,  except  as  may  otherwise  be agreed, you have returned (or will return) to the Company all property belonging to the Company and/or the Company Entities, including but not limited to laptop, cell phone, keys, card access to the  building  and  office  floors,  phone  card,  computer  user  name  and  password,  disks  and/or voicemail code.  You further represent that you have paid all personal charges that may have been made on any Company credit card and submitted accurate expense reports with appropriate documentation of all business expenses through the Separation Date. You further acknowledge and  agree  that  the  Company  shall  have  no  obligation  to  make  the  payments  referred  to  in paragraph 2 above unless and until you have returned all Company property as set forth above, paid all outstanding personal charges on any Company credit card, as well as all business-related expenses  for  which  the  Company  has  previously  reimbursed  you,  and  submitted  your  final expense report and documentation for all charges as set forth above.
12. Severability.  If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, void or unenforceable, such provision shall have no effect; however, the remaining  provisions  shall  be  enforced  to  the  maximum  extent  possible.    Further,  if  a  court should  determine  that  any  portion  of  this  Agreement  is  overbroad  or  unreasonable,  such provision shall be given effect to the maximum extent possible by narrowing or enforcing in part that aspect of the provision found overbroad or unreasonable.  In the event the release set forth in

paragraph  6  of  this  Agreement  may  be  held  to  be  invalid  or  unenforceable,  you  will,  at  the Company's request, execute a new release that is valid and enforceable to effectuate the purposes of this Agreement.  Additionally, you agree that if you breach the terms of paragraphs 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 and/or 11, it shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement as to which the Company Entities may seek all relief available under the law.

13. Non-Admission.    This  Agreement  and  compliance  with  this  Agreement  is  not intended,  and  shall  not  be  construed,  as  an  admission  that  any  of  the  Company  Entities  has violated any federal, state or local law (statutory or decisional), ordinance or regulation, breached any contract or committed any wrong whatsoever against you. nor is it intended, and shall not be construed as, an admission by you that you have violated any federal, state or local law (statutory or  decisional),  ordinance  or  regulation,  breached  any  contract  or  committed  any  wrong whatsoever.
14. Interpretation.  Should any provision of this Agreement require interpretation or construction, it is agreed by the parties that the entity interpreting or constructing this Agreement shall  not  apply  a  presumption  against  one  party  by  reason  of  the  rule  of  construction  that  a document is to be construed more strictly against the party who prepared the document.
15. Binding  Agreement.    This  Agreement  is  binding  upon,  and  shall  inure  to  the benefit  of,  the  parties  and  their  respective  heirs,  executors,  administrators,  successors  and assigns.
16. Choice of Law.  This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to the principles of conflicts of law.
17. Entire Agreement.  You understand that this Agreement constitutes the complete understanding  between  the  Company  and  you,  and,  supersedes  any  and  all  agreements, understandings, and discussions, whether written or oral, between you and any of the Company Entities.  No other promises or agreements shall be binding unless in writing and signed by both the Company and you after the Separation Date.
18. Knowing  and  Voluntary  Agreement.    You  acknowledge  that  you:  (a)  have carefully read this Agreement in its entirety; (b) have had an opportunity to consider it for at least twenty-one  (21)  days;  (c)  are  hereby  advised  by  the  Company  in  writing  to  consult  with  an attorney of your choice in connection with this Agreement; (d) fully understand the significance of  all  of  the  terms  and  conditions  of  this  Agreement  and  have  discussed  them  with  your independent legal counsel, or have had a reasonable opportunity to do so; (e) have had answered to your satisfaction by your independent legal counsel any questions you have asked with regard to the meaning and significance of any of the provisions of this Agreement; and (f) are signing this  Agreement voluntarily and of your own free will and agree to abide by all the terms and conditions contained herein.
19. No Assignment of Claims.  You hereby expressly warrant and represent that you are the owner of all claims released by you herein, that you have not assigned or transferred or purported to have assigned or transferred voluntarily or by operation of law or otherwise any of the claims released by you  herein or any portion thereof.  You further agree that you will defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Company and/or any and all of the Company Entities from any and all claims so assigned or transferred.
20. Effective Date.  You understand that you will have at least twenty-one (21) days from  the  date  of  receipt  of  this  Agreement  to  consider  the  terms  and  conditions  of  this Agreement.    You  may  accept  this  Agreement  by  signing  it  and  returning  it  to  Krista  A. McDonough,  Senior  Vice  President,  General  Counsel  and  Chief  Sustainability  Officer  at  11

West 42 nd Street, New York, NY 10036 on or before 21 days after delivery.  After executing this Agreement, you shall have seven (7) days (the 'Revocation Period') to revoke this Agreement by indicating your desire to do so in writing delivered to the Company's General Counsel and Chief  Sustainability  Officer  at  the  address  set  forth  above  by  no  later  than  5:00  p.m.  on  the seventh (7th) day after the date you sign this Agreement.  The effective date of this Agreement shall  be  the  eighth  (8th)  day  after  you  sign  the  Agreement.    If  the  last  day  of  the  Revocation Period  falls  on  a  Saturday,  Sunday  or  holiday,  the  last  day  of  the  Revocation  Period  will  be deemed to be the next business day.  In the event you do not accept this Agreement as set forth above, or in the event you revoke this Agreement during the Revocation Period, this Agreement, including but not limited to the obligation of the Company to provide the payments referred to in paragraph 2 above, shall be deemed automatically null and void.

[ Intentionally left blank ]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed and delivered this Agreement.

Joshua Schulman

Date: March 7, 2022

Signature:  /s/ Joshua Schulman\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Capri Holdings Limited

Date: March 7, 2022

By: /s John D. Idol\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Name: John D. Idol

Title:   Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Michael Kors (USA), Inc.

Date: March 7, 2022

By: /s John D. Idol\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Name: John D. Idol

Title:   Authorized Officer

## EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this 'Agreement') between Capri Holdings Limited ('Capri'), Michael Kors (USA), Inc. (the 'Company') and Jenna Hendricks ('Executive').

WHEREAS, the parties desire to enter into this Agreement to reflect their mutual agreements with respect to the employment of Executive by the Company.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, warranties and undertakings herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Term.  Executive shall assume her new duties and position with the Company as set forth in paragraph 2 below as of June 1, 2021 (the 'Promotion Date'), and her employment shall continue in that capacity until terminated in accordance with Section 4 hereof (the 'Term'), subject to the terms and provisions of this Agreement.
2. Position and Duties.  Executive shall be employed during the Term as Senior Vice President, Chief People Officer (the 'Position'). Executive acknowledges  and  agrees  that  the  Company  will  be  her  sole  employer  under  this Agreement and the Company will provide all payments and benefits to Executive under this Agreement. Executive shall report directly to the Chief Executive Officer of Capri. Executive shall perform such duties and services as are commensurate with Executive's position  and  such  other  duties  and  services  as  are  from  time  to  time  reasonably assigned  to  Executive  by  the  Chief  Executive  Officer  of  Capri.    Except  for  vacation, holiday, personal and sick days in accordance with this Agreement and the Company's policies for comparable senior executives, Executive shall devote her full business time during the Term to providing services to the Company and its affiliates; provided, that Executive may serve on one or more public, private or non-profit boards with the prior written  consent  of  the  Chief  Executive  Officer  and  the  General  Counsel  (in  each instance), which consent may be withheld or delayed in the Company's sole discretion. Executive  acknowledges  that  her  role  will  require  travel  for  business  purposes  (both internationally and domestically).

## 3. Compensation.

(a) Base Salary.  Executive's base salary shall be at the rate of $500,000 per year (as then in effect, the 'Base Salary').  The Base Salary shall be payable in substantially equal installments on a semi-monthly basis less applicable withholdings  and  deductions  in  accordance  with  the  normal  payroll  practices  of  the Company.

- (b) Periodic  Review  of  Compensation.    On  an  annual basis during the Term, but without any obligation to increase or otherwise change the compensation provisions of this Agreement, the Company agrees to undertake a review of the performance by Executive of her duties under this Agreement and of the efforts that she has undertaken for and on behalf of the Company.

(c) Annual Cash Incentive.  With respect to each full fiscal year of the Company during the Term, Executive shall be eligible to participate in the Capri Annual  Cash  Incentive  Plan  (as  the  same  may  be  amended,  modified,  replaced  or

terminated,  the  'Cash  Plan')  (which  is  a  component  of  the  Second  Amended  and Restated  Capri  Holdings  Limited  Omnibus  Incentive  Plan  (as  the  same  may  be amended, modified, replaced or terminated, the 'Incentive Plan' and, together with the Cash Plan, the 'Plans').  Annual cash incentives will be based on a fixed percentage of Executive's Base Salary with the incentive levels set at 50% target - 100% maximum. Executive's  actual  annual  cash  incentive  may  range  from  0%  of  Base  Salary  for performance  below  established  thresholds  to  100%  of  Base  Salary  for  maximum performance  (interpolated  based  on  the  actual  level  of  attainment)  with  performance components, measures and target values established by the Capri Board of Directors (or  appropriate committee thereof). All annual cash incentive payments are subject to the terms and conditions of the Cash Plan, as the same may be amended, modified, replaced or terminated from time to time, including, unless otherwise expressly stated in the  Cash  Plan,  that  you  be  employed  by  the  Company  on  the  date  the  annual  cash incentive is actually paid to similarly situated executives. Executive acknowledges that if she resigns (other than for Good Reason) or is terminated for Cause prior to the date the  annual  cash  incentive  is  actually  paid  to  similarly  situated  executives  she  is  not entitled to receive the annual cash incentive payment for the applicable fiscal year.

(d) Benefits.    During  the  Term,  Executive  shall  be  entitled  to participate  in  the  benefit  plans  and  programs,  including,  without  limitation,  medical, dental,  life  insurance,  disability  insurance  and  401(k),  that  the  Company  provides generally to comparable senior executives in accordance with, and subject to, the terms and conditions of such plans and programs (including, without limitation, any eligibility limitations)  as  they  may  be  modified  by  the  Company  from  time  to  time  in  its  sole discretion.

(e) Travel/Expense Reimbursement. The Company shall reimburse Executive for the ordinary and necessary business expenses incurred by her in  the  performance  of  her  duties  in  accordance  with  the  Company's  policies  and procedures.  To the extent Executive travels in connection with her duties hereunder, the Company agrees to pay the cost of such travel or to reimburse Executive if she has incurred any such costs, it being understood and agreed that (i) all air travel shall be in (A) coach class for domestic travel other than coast-to-coast, which shall be business class, and (B) business class for international travel, and (ii) such costs shall otherwise be incurred in accordance with the Company's policies and procedures. The Company shall  reimburse  Executive  for  all  other  ordinary  and  necessary  business  expenses incurred  by  her  in  the  performance  of  her  duties  in  accordance  with  the  Company's policies and procedures.

## (f) Equity-Based Compensation.

(i) Annual  Grant.  In  accordance  with  the  Capri  annual performance review cycle, on an annual basis at the same time as awarded to other senior executives similarly situated, Executive shall be eligible to receive a discretionary long-term incentive award under the Incentive Plan in form and amount, if any, to be determined in Capri's sole discretion in accordance with, and subject to the terms and conditions of, such Incentive Plan.  Such award may be in the form of share options, time-based  restricted  share  units,  performance-based  restricted  share  units,  other share-based awards or any combination of the foregoing as determined by the Capri Board  of  Directors  (or  appropriate  committee  thereof).  Annual  long-term  incentive awards are discretionary and Capri shall be under no obligation to grant equity to the Executive in any fiscal year.  On June 15, 2021, Executive shall receive an equity grant

valued at approximately $1,500,000 based on the closing price of CPRI ordinary shares on the New York Stock Exchange on the date of grant in accordance with, and subject to, the terms and conditions of the Incentive Plan, and the applicable award agreement. Such equity grant shall be comprised 100% of time-based RSUs that will vest in equal installments over three (3) years on each anniversary of the grant date.

- (ii) Effect  of  Termination.    Except  in  the  case  of  the termination of Executive for Cause (as defined in Section 4(b) below), in which case any equity incentive awards granted to Executive under the Incentive Plan shall be forfeited and immediately terminated (whether or not vested and/or exercisable), any such equity incentive  awards  that  have  become  vested  and/or  exercisable  prior  to  the  last  day Executive  is  employed  by  the  Company  (the  'Termination  Date')  shall  remain  vested and/or  exercisable  after  the  Termination  Date,  and  the  treatment  of  the  long-term incentive  awards upon termination shall otherwise be governed by the Incentive Plan and the applicable award agreement.
- (g) Taxes.    All  payments  to  be  made  to  and  on  behalf  of Executive under this Agreement will be subject to required withholding of federal, state and local income and employment taxes, and to related reporting requirements.
- (h) Vacations.  Executive shall be entitled to a total of four (4) weeks (or twenty (20) days) of paid vacation during each calendar year during the Term (which  shall  accrue  in  accordance  with  the  Company's  vacation  policy);  provided, however,  that  such  vacations  shall  be  taken  by  Executive  at  such  times  as  will  not interfere with the performance by Executive of her duties hereunder.
- (i) Clothing  Allowance.  The  Company  shall  provide  Executive with a $10,000 clothing allowance (pro rated from the Promotion Date) for each fiscal year during the  Term, which  may  be  used  by  Executive  to purchase  product manufactured by Capri's brands personal orders for Executive's personal use only at the  applicable  discount  off  wholesale  (if  any)  offered  to  all  eligible  employees.  Such clothing allowance shall be fully utilized by Executive in each fiscal year otherwise any remaining amount available for use shall be forfeited at the end of such fiscal year. In addition,  Executive  shall  receive  an  additional  one-time  clothing  allowance  in  the amount  of  $15,000  for  Executive's  personal  use  at  any  time  during  the  Term.  The clothing allowance is a taxable benefit for Executive.

## 4. Termination of Employment.

- (a) Death  and  Disability.    Executive's  employment  under  this Agreement shall terminate automatically upon her death.  The Company may terminate Executive's  employment  under  this  Agreement  if  Executive  is  unable  to  perform substantially all of the duties required hereunder due to illness or incapacity for a period of at least ninety (90) days (whether or not consecutive) in any period of three hundred and sixty five (365) consecutive days.
- (b) Cause. The Company may terminate Executive's employment  under  this  Agreement  at  any  time  with  Cause.    For  purposes  of  this Agreement, 'Cause' means the occurrence of any of the following events:  (i) a material breach by Executive of her obligations under this Agreement that Executive has failed to cure  (as  determined  by  the  Company  acting  in  good  faith)  within  thirty  (30)  days following written notice of such breach from Capri to Executive; (ii) insubordination or a refusal by Executive to perform her duties under this Agreement that continues for at least  five  (5)  days  after  written  notice  from  Capri  to  Executive;  (iii)  Executive's  gross

negligence, willful misconduct or dishonesty in performing her duties hereunder or with respect  to  Capri  or  any  of  its  affiliates  or  licensees,  or  any  of  their  respective businesses, assets or employees; (iv) the commission by Executive of a fraud or theft against Capri or any of its affiliates or licensees or her conviction for the commission of, or  aiding  or  abetting,  a  felony  or  of  a  fraud  or  a  crime  involving  moral  turpitude  or  a business crime; or (v) the possession or use by Executive of illegal drugs or prohibited substances, the excessive drinking of alcoholic beverages on a recurring basis which impairs Executive's ability to perform her duties under this  Agreement,  or the appearance  during  hours  of  employment  on  a  recurring  basis  of  being  under  the influence of such drugs, substances or alcohol.

(c) Executive  Termination  Without  Good  Reason.    Executive agrees that  she  shall  not  terminate  her  employment  for  any  reason  other  than  Good Reason (as defined in Section 5(a)) without giving Capri at least ninety (90) days prior written  notice  of  the  effective  date  of  such  termination.  Executive  acknowledges  that Capri  retains  the  right  to  waive  the  notice  requirement,  in  whole  or  in  part,  and accelerate  the  effective  date  of  Executive's  termination.  If  Capri  elects  to  waive  the notice requirement, in whole or in part, neither Capri nor the Company shall have no further obligations to Executive under this Agreement other than to make the payments specified in Section 5(a). After Executive provides a notice of termination, Capri may, but shall not be obligated to, provide Executive with work to do and Capri may, in its discretion, in respect of all or part of an unexpired notice period, (i) require Executive to comply with such conditions as it may specify in relation to attending at, or remaining away from, Capri's places of business, or (ii) withdraw any powers vested in, or duties assigned to, Executive. For purposes of a notice of termination given pursuant to this Section 4(c),  the Termination  Date  shall  be  the  last  day  of  the  ninety  (90)  day  notice period, unless Capri elects to waive the notice requirement as set forth herein.

(d) Employee At-Will.    Either  the  Company  or  Executive  shall have  the  right  to  terminate  the  employment  relationship  at  any  time,  for  any  reason, without or with Cause (as defined below) subject to the provisions of Section 5.

## 5. Consequences of Termination or Breach.

(a) Death or Disability; Termination for Cause or Without Good Reason.  If Executive's employment under this Agreement is terminated under Section 4(a), 4(b) or Executive terminates her employment for any reason other than for Good Reason  (as  defined  below),  Executive  shall  not  thereafter  be  entitled  to  receive  any compensation or benefits under this Agreement, other than (i) Base Salary earned but not yet paid prior to the Termination Date, (ii) reimbursement of any expenses pursuant to  Section  3(e)  incurred  prior  to  the  Termination  Date  and  (iii)  vested  equity  in accordance  with  Section  3(f)(iii).    For  purposes  of  this  Agreement,  'Good  Reason' means (x) the significant reduction of Executive's duties or responsibilities relating to the Position, except with respect to any action initiated or recommended by Executive and approved by Capri, or (y) a material breach by the Company of its obligations under this Agreement, in each case, that it has failed to cure (as determined by Capri acting in good faith) within thirty (30) days following written notice of such diminution of duties or material breach from Executive to Capri.

(b) Termination Without  Cause  or  With  Good  Reason.    If Executive's employment under this Agreement is terminated by the Company without Cause (which Capri and the Company shall have the right to do with or without Cause at any time during the Term) or Executive terminates her employment for Good Reason,

the  sole  obligations  of  Capri  and  the  Company  to  Executive  shall  be  (i)  to  make  the payments described in clauses (i) through (iii) (inclusive) of Section 5(a), (ii) if Executive is terminated between April 1 st and June 15 th of any fiscal year, to pay by no later than June 30 th following the Termination Date, any annual cash incentive actually earned by Executive  pursuant  to  the  Cash  Plan,    and  (iii)  subject  to  Executive  providing  the Company  with  the  release  and  separation  agreement  described  below,  to  provide continuation of Executive's then current Base Salary and medical, dental and insurance benefits  by  the  Company for a one (1) year period commencing with the Termination Date, which amount shall be payable in substantially equal installments in accordance with the normal  payroll  practices  of  the  Company  and  shall  be  offset  by  any compensation and benefits that Executive receives from other employment (including self-employment)  during  such  payment  period.  Executive  agrees  to  promptly  notify Capri upon her obtaining other employment or commencing self-employment during the severance  period  and  to  provide  Capri  with  complete  information  regarding  her compensation thereunder. Capri and the Company's obligation to provide the payments referred to in this Section 5(b) shall be contingent upon (A) Executive having delivered to  Capri  a  fully  executed  separation  agreement  and  release  (that  is  not  subject  to revocation)  of  claims  against  Capri  and  its  affiliates  and  their  respective  directors, officers,  employees,  agents  and  representatives  satisfactory  in  form  and  content  to Capri's  counsel,  and  (B)  Executive's  continued  compliance  with  her  obligations  under Section 6 of this Agreement.  Executive acknowledges and agrees that in the event the Company terminates  Executive's  employment  without  Cause  or  Executive  terminates her employment for Good Reason, (1) Executive's sole remedy against Capri and the Company  shall  be  to  receive  the  payments  specified  in  this  Section  5(b)  and  (2)  if Executive  does  not  execute  the  separation  agreement  and  release  described  above, Executive shall have no remedy with respect to such termination.

## 6. Certain Covenants and Representations.

(a) Confidentiality.    Executive  acknowledges  that  in  the  course of her employment by the Company, Executive will receive and or be in possession of confidential information of Capri and  its affiliates, including, but not limited to, information relating to their financial affairs, business methods,  strategic plans, marketing  plans,  product  and  styling  development  plans,  pricing,  products,  vendors, suppliers,  manufacturers,  licensees,  computer  programs  and  software,  and  personal information regarding personnel of Capri and its subsidiaries (collectively, 'Confidential Information').  Confidential Information shall not include information that is: (i) generally known  or  available  to  the  public;  (ii)  independently  known,  obtained,  conceived  or developed by Executive without access to or knowledge of related information provided by Capri or its subsidiaries or obtained in connection with Executive's efforts on behalf of  Capri,  (iii)  used  or  disclosed  with  the  prior  written  approval  of  Capri  or  (iv)  made available by Capri to the public.  Executive agrees that she will not, without the prior written  consent  of  Capri,  during  the  Term  or  thereafter,  disclose  or  make  use  of  any Confidential  Information,  except  as  may  be  required  by  law  or  in  the  course  of Executive's  employment  hereunder  or  in  order  to  enforce  her  rights  under  this Agreement. Executive agrees that all tangible materials containing Confidential Information, whether created by Executive or others which shall come into Executive's custody  or  possession  during  Executive's  employment  shall  be  and  is  the  exclusive property of the Company.  Upon termination of Executive's employment for any reason whatsoever, Executive shall immediately surrender to Capri all Confidential Information and property of Capri and its affiliates in Executive's possession.

(b) No Hiring.  During the two-year period immediately following the Termination Date, Executive shall not employ or retain (or participate in or arrange

for the employment or retention of) any person who was employed or retained by Capri or  any  of  its  affiliates  within  the  one  (1)  year  period  immediately  preceding  such employment or retention.

(c) Non-Disparagement. During the Term and thereafter, Executive agrees not to disparage Capri or any of its affiliates or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives or licensees and not to publish or make any statement that is reasonably foreseeable to become public with respect to any of such entities or persons. Capri and the Company likewise agree not to disparage executive or publish or make any statement that is reasonably foreseeable to become public  with  respect  to  Executive  without  Executive's  prior  written  consent,  excluding statements required to be made about Executive in any Capri filing under U.S. securities laws or stock exchange rules and regulations.

(d) Copyrights,  Inventions,  etc.   Any  interest  in  patents,  patent applications,  inventions,  technological  innovations,  copyrights,  copyrightable  works, developments, discoveries, designs, concepts, ideas and processes ('Such Inventions') that  Executive  now  or  hereafter  during  the  Term  may  own,  acquire  or  develop  either individually or with others relating to the fields in which Capri or any of its affiliates may then be engaged or contemplate being engaged shall belong to Capri or such affiliate and forthwith upon request of Capri, Executive shall execute all such assignments and other documents  (including applications for patents, copyrights,  trademarks  and assignments thereof) and take all such other action as Capri may reasonably request in order  to  assign  to  and  vest  in  Capri  or  its  affiliates  all  of  Executive's  right,  title  and interest (including, without limitation, waivers to moral rights) in and to Such Inventions throughout  the  world,  free  and  clear  of  liens,  mortgages,  security  interests,  pledges, charges and encumbrances. Executive acknowledges and agrees that (i) all copyrightable works created by Executive as an employee will be 'works made for hire' on  behalf  of  the  Capri  and  its  affiliates  and  that  Capri  and  its  affiliates  shall  have  all rights  therein  in  perpetuity  throughout  the  world  and  (ii)  to  the  extent  that  any  such works do not qualify as works made for hire, Executive irrevocably assigns and transfers to  Capri  and  its  affiliates  all  worldwide  right,  title  and  interest  in  and  to  such  works. Executive hereby appoints any officer of the Company as Executive's duly authorized attorney-in-fact  to  execute,  file,  prosecute  and  protect  Such  Inventions  before  any governmental agency, court or authority.  If for any reason Capri or its affiliates do not own any Such Invention, Capri and its affiliates shall have the exclusive and royalty-free right to use in their businesses, and to make products therefrom, Such Invention as well as any improvements or know-how related thereto.

(e) Remedy for Breach and Modification. Executive acknowledges  that  the  foregoing  provisions  of  this  Section  6  are  reasonable  and necessary for the protection of Capri and its affiliates, and that they will be materially and irrevocably damaged if these provisions are not specifically enforced.  Accordingly, Executive agrees that, in addition to any other relief or remedies available to Capri and its  affiliates,  they  shall  be  entitled  to  seek  an  appropriate  injunctive  or  other  equitable remedy for the purposes of restraining Executive from any actual or threatened breach of  or  otherwise enforcing these provisions and no bond or security will be required in connection  therewith. If any  provision  of this  Section  6  is  deemed  invalid  or unenforceable,  such  provision  shall  be  deemed  modified  and  limited  to  the  extent necessary to make it valid and enforceable.

## 7. Miscellaneous.

- (a) Representations.  Capri, the Company and Executive each represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority to execute and deliver this  Agreement  and  to  perform  its  respective  obligations  hereunder  and  (ii)  this Agreement  constitutes  the  legal,  valid  and  binding  obligation  of  such  party  and  is enforceable against it in accordance with its terms.  In addition, Executive represents and warrants that the entering into and performance of this Agreement by her will not be in violation of any other agreement to which Executive is a party.
- (b) Notices.  Any notice or other communication made or given in connection with this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered by hand, by facsimile transmission, by email, by a nationally recognized  overnight  delivery service or mailed  by  certified mail, return receipt requested, to Executive or to the Company at the addresses set forth below or at such other address as Executive or the Company may specify by notice to the other:

To Capri and/or the Company:

11 West 42 nd Street New York, New York 10036 Attention:  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

With a copy to:

Capri Holdings Limited / Michael Kors (USA), Inc. 11 West 42 nd Street New York, New York 10036 Attention: SVP, General Counsel

To Executive: at her home address on file with the Company or to such other address as may be provided by such notice.

- (c) Entire Agreement; Amendment.  This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements between the parties with respect to its subject matter, except that this Agreement  does  not  cancel  or  supersede  the  Plans  (or  the  applicable  long-term incentive award agreements). This Agreement is intended (with any documents referred to  herein)  as  a  complete  and  exclusive  statement  of  the  terms  of  the  agreement between the parties with respect thereto and may be amended only by a writing signed by both parties hereto.
- (d) Waiver.    The  failure of any  party  to insist upon  strict adherence  to  any  term  or  condition  of  this Agreement  on  any  occasion  shall  not  be considered  a  waiver  or  deprive  that  party  of  the  right  thereafter  to  insist  upon  strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Agreement.  Any waiver must be in a writing signed by the party to be charged with such waiver.
- (e) Assignment.    Except  as  otherwise  provided  in  this  Section 7(e), this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their  respective  heirs,  representatives,  successors  and  assigns.   This Agreement shall not be assignable by Executive and shall be assignable by Capri and the Company only to its affiliates; provided, however, that any assignment by the Company shall not, without the written consent of Executive, relieve Capri or the Company of its obligations hereunder.

- (f) Counterparts.    This Agreement  may  be  executed  in  two  or more  counterparts,  each  of  which  shall  be  considered  an  original,  but  all  of  which together shall constitute the same instrument.
- (g) Captions. The captions in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not be given any effect in the interpretation of the Agreement.
- (h) Governing  Law.    this Agreement  shall  be  governed  by  the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed in that State, without regard to its conflict of laws principles.
- (i) Arbitration.  Any dispute or claim between the parties hereto arising out of, or, in connection with this Agreement, shall, upon written request of either party, become a matter for arbitration; provided, however, that Executive acknowledges that in the event of any violation of Section 6 hereof, Capri and the Company shall be entitled  to  obtain  from  any  court  in  the  State  of  New  York,  temporary,  preliminary  or permanent injunctive relief as well as damages, which rights shall be in addition to any other rights or remedies to which it may be entitled.  The arbitration shall be before a neutral arbitrator in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association and take place in New York City.  Each party shall bear its own fees,  costs  and  disbursements  in  such  proceeding.    The  decision  or  award  of  the arbitrator shall be final and binding upon the parties hereto.  The parties shall abide by all  awards  recorded  in  such  arbitration  proceedings,  and  all  such  awards  may  be entered and executed upon in any court having jurisdiction over the party against whom or which enforcement of such award is sought.
- (j) Section 409A.  It is intended that this Agreement will comply with  Internal  Revenue  Code  Section  409A  and  any  regulations  and  guidelines  issued thereunder (collectively 'Section 409A') to the extent this Agreement is subject thereto. It  is  the  Parties'  good faith belief that any payments or benefits provided to Executive pursuant to this Agreement fall within an exception to Section 409A. To the extent that this  Agreement  provides  for  any  payments  to  be  made  in  installments,  each  such installment shall be deemed to be a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A.  If an  amendment  to  this  Agreement  is  necessary  in  order  for it to  comply  with Section 409A, the Parties agree to negotiate in good faith to amend this Agreement in a manner  that  preserves  the  original  intent  of  the  Parties  to  the  extent  reasonably possible.

[Intentionally left blank]

IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  parties  have  executed  this  Agreement effective as of June 1, 2021.

## CAPRI HOLDINGS LIMITED

By: /s/ John D. Idol Name: John D. Idol Title:    Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

MICHAEL KORS (USA), INC.

By: /s/ John D. Idol Name: John D. Idol Title:    Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

/s/ Jenna Hendricks Jenna Hendricks

## LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF CAPRI HOLDINGS LIMITED

| Entity Name  Jurisdiction of Formation  Alberto Gozzi S.r.l.  Italy  Aruba MK Retail N.V.  Aruba  Capri (Australia) Pty Ltd  Australia  Capri Finance Hong Kong Limited  Hong Kong, China  Capri Finance Malta Limited  Malta  Capri (Hungary) Holdings Kft  Hungary  Capri Insurance Guernsey Limited  Guernsey  Capri Operations Limited  British Virgin Islands  Capri (Switzerland) GmbH  Switzerland  Capri (Switzerland) Holdings GmbH  Switzerland  Capri USA Holdings LLC  Delaware  Capri USA Intermediate LLC  Delaware  Choo Luxury Holdings Limited  United Kingdom  Choo USD Finance Limited  United Kingdom  Creek Apartments Limited  U.A.E.  FRANCHOO S.A.S  France  Gianni Versace S.r.l.  Italy  GIVI Holding S.r.l.  Italy  G. Versace Hellas S.A.  Greece  ITACHOO S.r.l.  Italy  JC Gulf Trading LLC  U.A.E.  J. Choo (Asia) Limited  Hong Kong, China  J. Choo (Austria) GmbH  Austria  J. Choo (Belgium) BVBA  Belgium  J. Choo Canada Inc.  Canada  J. Choo Czech, s.r.o.  Czech Republic  J. Choo Denmark ApS  Denmark  J Choo Florida, Inc.  Delaware  J Choo Germany GmbH  Germany  J. Choo Hungary Kft  Hungary  J. Choo Japan JV Limited  United Kingdom  J. Choo Limited  United Kingdom  J. Choo (Macau) Co., Limited  Macau, China  J. Choo Netherlands B.V.  Netherlands  J. Choo Norway AS  Norway  J. Choo Portugal, Unipessoal LDA  Portugal  J. Choo RUS L.L.C.  Russia  J. Choo Russia JV Limited  United Kingdom  J. Choo Sweden AB  Sweden  J Choo (Switzerland) AG  Switzerland  J. Choo (Thailand) Co., Ltd.  Thailand  J Choo USA, Inc.  Delaware  JC ME Trading DWC L.L.C.  U.A.E. free zone  JC Services ME DMCC L.L.C.  U.A.E. free zone  Jimmy Choo Florence S.r.l.  Italy  Jimmy Choo Group Limited  United Kingdom  Jimmy Choo Hong Kong Limited  Hong Kong, China  Jimmy Choo Korea Limited  South Korea  Jimmy Choo (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd  Malaysia  Jimmy Choo (Shanghai) Trading Co. Limited  China  Jimmy Choo (Singapore) Pte. Limited  Singapore   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Entity Name  Jurisdiction of Formation  JIMMY CHOO SPAIN S.L.U.  Spain  Jimmy Choo Tokyo K.K.  Japan  Michael Kors (Austria) GmbH  Austria  Michael Kors Aviation, L.L.C.  Delaware  Michael Kors Belgium BV  Belgium  Michael Kors (Bucharest Store) S.R.L.  Romania  Michael Kors (Canada) Holdings Ltd.  Canada  Michael Kors Columbia SAS  Columbia  Michael Kors (Czech Republic) s.r.o.  Czech Republic  Michael Kors (Denmark) ApS  Denmark  Michael Kors Do Brasil Comercio De Accesorios E Vestuario Ltda.  Brazil  Michael Kors (Europe) B.V.  Netherlands  Michael Kors (France) SAS  France  Michael Kors (Germany) GmbH  Germany  Michael Kors (HK) Limited  Hong Kong, China  Michael Kors (Hungary) Kft.  Hungary  Michael Kors (Ireland) Limited  Ireland  Michael Kors Italy S.R.L. Con Socio Unico  Italy  Michael Kors Japan, LLC  Japan  Michael Kors Korea Yuhan Hoesa  South Korea  Michael Kors (Latvia) SIA  Latvia  Michael Kors Limited  Hong Kong, China  Michael Kors, L.L.C.  Delaware  Michael Kors (Luxembourg) Retail S.à r.l.  Luxembourg  Michael Kors (Netherlands) B.V.  Netherlands  Michael Kors (Panama) Holdings, Inc.  Panama  Michael Kors (Poland) Sp. z o.o.  Poland  Michael Kors (Portugal) Lda.  Portugal  Michael Kors Retail, Inc.  Delaware  Michael Kors Spain, S.L.U.  Spain  Michael Kors Stores (California), LLC  Delaware  Michael Kors Stores, L.L.C.  New York  Michael Kors (Sweden) AB  Sweden  Michael Kors (Switzerland) GmbH  Switzerland  Michael Kors (Switzerland) Holdings GmbH  Switzerland  Michael Kors (Switzerland) International GmbH  Switzerland  Michael Kors (Switzerland) Retail GmbH  Switzerland  Michael Kors Trading (Shanghai) Company Limited  China  Michael Kors (UK) Limited  United Kingdom  Michael Kors (USA) Holdings, Inc.  Delaware  Michael Kors (USA), Inc.  Delaware  Michael Kors Virginia, L.L.C.  Virginia  MK Chile SpA  Chile  MK Holetown (Barbados) Inc.  Barbados  MKJC Limited  British Virgin Islands  MK Operations E-zone Curacao N.V.  Curaçao  MK (Panama) Operations, Inc.  Panama  MK Panama Retail, S.A.  Panama  MK Retail Operation CR S.A.  Costa Rica  MK Retail (SXM) N.V.  St. Maarten  MK (Shanghai) Commercial Trading Company Limited  China  UAB Michael Kors (Lithuania)  Lithuania  Versace Asia Pacific Limited  Hong Kong, China  Versace Australia Pty Limited  Australia   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Entity Name  Jurisdiction of Formation  Versace Austria GmbH  Austria  Versace Belgique SA  Belgium  Versace Canada, Inc.  Canada  Versace China Limited  China  Versace Czech s.r.o.  Czech Republic  Versace Deutschland GmbH  Germany  Versace Do Brasil Importação e Distribuição de Produtos de Vestuário e Acessórios Ltda.  Brazil  Versace España, S.A.U.  Spain  Versace France S.A.  France  Versace Japan Co., Ltd.  Japan  Versace Korea Co., Ltd.  South Korea  Versace Macau Limited  Macau, China  Versace Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.  Malaysia  Versace Monte-Carlo S.A.M.  Principality of Monaco  Versace Shangai Limited  China  Versace Singapore Pte. Ltd.  Singapore  Versace Suisse SA  Switzerland  Versace Taiwan Co., Limited  Taiwan, China  Versace (Thailand) Co., Ltd.  Thailand  Versace U.K. PLC  United Kingdom  Versace USA, Inc.  New York   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-178486, 333-249023 and 333-234699) pertaining to the Amended and Restated Omnibus Incentive Plan, Second Amended and Restated Omnibus Incentive Plan and the Deferred Compensation Plan of Capri Holdings Limited and subsidiaries of our reports dated June 1, 2022 with respect to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Capri Holdings Limited and subsidiaries, included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended April 2, 2022.

## /s/ ERNST &amp; YOUNG LLP

New York, New York June 1, 2022

I, John D. Idol, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Capri Holdings Limited;
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary  to  make  the  statements  made,  in  light  of  the  circumstances  under  which  such  statements  were  made,  not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4. The  registrant's  other  certifying  officer  and  I  are  responsible  for  establishing  and  maintaining  disclosure  controls  and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have:
- a) Designed  such  disclosure  controls  and  procedures,  or  caused  such  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  to  be designed  under  our  supervision,  to  ensure  that  material  information  relating  to  the  registrant,  including  its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
- b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
- c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
- d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):
- a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
- b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date: June 1, 2022

By:

/s/ John D. Idol John D. Idol Chief Executive Officer

## CERTIFICATIONS

I, Thomas J. Edwards, Jr., certify that:

1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Capri Holdings Limited;
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary  to  make  the  statements  made,  in  light  of  the  circumstances  under  which  such  statements  were  made,  not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4. The  registrant's  other  certifying  officer  and  I  are  responsible  for  establishing  and  maintaining  disclosure  controls  and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have:
- a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under  our  supervision,  to  ensure  that  material  information  relating  to  the  registrant,  including  its  consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
- b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the  preparation  of  financial  statements  for  external  purposes  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting principles;
- c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
- d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):
- a) All  significant  deficiencies  and  material  weaknesses  in  the  design  or  operation  of  internal  control  over  financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
- b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date: June 1, 2022

By:

/s/ Thomas J. Edwards, Jr. Thomas J. Edwards, Jr Chief Financial Officer

## CERTIFICATIONS

## CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with this annual report on Form 10-K of Capri Holdings Limited (the 'Company') for the year ended April 2, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the 'Report'), I, John D. Idol, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the SarbanesOxley Act of 2002, that:

- (i) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and
- (ii) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Capri Holdings Limited.

Date: June 1, 2022

<!-- image -->

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of this Report.

## CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with this annual report on Form 10-K of Capri Holdings Limited (the 'Company') for the year ended April 2, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the 'Report'), I, Thomas J. Edwards, Jr., Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

- (i) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and
- (ii) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Capri Holdings Limited.

Date:  June 1, 2022

/S/ Thomas J. Edwards, Jr.

Thomas J. Edwards, Jr. Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of this Report.